So, there's this guy named LeopoldAshburner. He's 24 years old, and lastyear when we covered him on one of ourold episodes, he was only 23. He wasmanaging a billion dollars, and he wasresponsible for investing in newfrontier AI ideas and technologies.Today, that one billion dollars, oneyear later, is worth five and a halfbillion dollars. This guy, who isyounger than both of us by a prettylarge margin, just went on agenerational run that made him basicallymore money than any other fund in theworld of AI. And the fact that AI is thehottest market means the competition isstiff. So, clearly, this guy, Leopold,he's doing something different thaneveryone else. And what's just happenedin the last week is his new 13F filingscame out, so we could actually get alook into what he has been trading. So,that's what we're going to do here.We're going to go through the filings.We're going to see what this guy hasbeen up to that has yielded him five anda half billion dollars of money tomanage now.>> He did this in in 12 months as well. Umso, his fund started at the end of 2024at a ripe 255million dollars. Um and then within 6months, he had uh put out performed theS&P 500 by eight times, growing it to atwo billion dollars. Uh and then sinceour last episode, where we spoke abouthis Q3 uh fund filings, he's gone up oneand a half billion dollars. So, he's ona generational run, and like you said,he's like super young. He's done apretty major pivot, but it's all inaccordance to, I guess, his Bible, whichis called situational awareness. Andit's a 165-pageessay, where he basically predicts thatwe're going to reach AGI by 2027. And inthis massive essay, he basically writesa story of how he sees the AI revolutionunfolding. And I've got to say, he'spretty much nailed it. He uh called theGPU infrastructure run, and now he'scalling a very important pivot thatwe're about to get into. Yeah, I thinkthe entire thesis is a pivot from kindof chips to infrastructure. And whatwe're seeing on screen here, actually,this is this is very cool. He does Heuses Claude to create an artifact thatis going to walk us through the entirechange log that happened between lastyear and this year. Perhaps startingwith what he dumped, because thesepositions that he dumped were uh prettylarge, and these include names likeNvidia where he dumped $300 millionin put options in one quarter, right?Yeah. Yeah, so a lot of these names thatyou're going to see on the positionsthat he exiteduh very popular names that a lot ofpeople are invested in right now. So,then it begs the question, why has hejust exited $1 billion worth of thesecompanies? He's dumped Nvidia, he'sdumped Broadcom, he's dumped a TSMC,he's dumped a Micron. These are all thebig AI infrastructure companies. Um heactually made money on dumping Nvidia,by the way. He He held a $300 millionput position, which means that becauseNvidia price went down over the lastcouple of months, he's likely made moneyon it. And so, it begs the question, whyis he doing this? Well, if you read his165-page essay, he talks about howsometime in by the end of 2025 and thestart of 2026, he thinks that the a lotof the market would have priced in thevalue of GPUs. And that is coming fromcompanies like Nvidia and Broadcom, whokind of like create these chips and thenstack these chips ready for AI labs likeOpenAI and Anthropic to train theirmodels on. And now, he moves his focusonto the major constraint that investorshaven't really invested in just yet,energy and infrastructure. The issuethat a lot of AI labs face today is one,not only do they have too many GPUs, buttwo, the energy grid that we have todayis built to serve humans and not themassive AI demand that we face today.And that's where his investments arefocused on. And I'm getting a kick outof seeing the the Nvidia puts being soldand just like exiting Nvidia entirely,because when I talk to my friends, whenI talk to average people on Wall Street,when you turn on CNBC, Nvidia is thecompany. Nvidia is the biggestinvestment. And to see him pivoting awayfrom that, I think is a testament to himjust again being ahead of the curve,moving to where things are going and notwhere they have been, which in his mindis this infrastructure. It's this movingaway from the ships into the infra play.And that's probably where we can getinto what he added because these are thestocks that you want to pay attentionto. This is what he currently owns. Thisis what he believes are going to go up.And if it's true, we should see somepretty hefty returns from these. So,where do we start with the additionsthis quarter? Well, thanks to our friendClaude, we've got a a really neatlyillustrated stack of all of hisinvestments bucketed into the AItechnology stack. So, we've got powergeneration, real estate and facilities,compute and hosting, connectivity,storage and memory, chips and silicon.Actually, I wanted to just round out thelast segment, Josh. I noticed that hemade a a trade on Intel down here. Andwhat he cleverly did was he sold theequity, so he sold the shares that hehas, but he still has a massivelong position open. So, he's kind offreed up liquidity to shove money inother companies. And the major companiesthat he's put money into is powergeneration, particularly this companycalled Bloom Energy, which until about 3months ago no one had really heard of,but they specifically buildpower generation turbines that help yougenerate power to power AI data centers.And he's built a massive position inthis to the tune of 855million dollars. Maybe it says 876 here,but the fighting says 855. Bloom Energybeing the number one position isdifferent because it has absolutelynothing to do with the Chips Act and itaccounts for 20% of the entireportfolio. And I was doing some researchon what they do and it's actually kindof interesting. They create these likeoxide fuel cells, which is a fancy wayof generating electricity on site fromnatural gas. So, a lot of times whennatural gas is fed into these datacenters, it has to go through a turbinewhich like heats and cools things andit's a very clunky uh creation process.What these Bloom boxes do is they takethat natural gas and have a fuel cellthat converts it right on site to usableelectricity for the data centers. Andit's modular, it can be deployedquickly, and there doesn't seem to be ashortage of it. I believe they're set tocreate 2 gigawatts of thisum just this year. So, it's aninteresting play on power because it Iwas looking for the Nvidia of energy.Like who who is the chip maker but forenergy? And I don't believe there isone. And there's a world in whichperhaps Bloom could be that person, thatcompany.>> So, I actually looked into the uh recentfilings cuz they're a public company.They have a $20 billion demand backlog.Um their revenue was up like somethinglike 34% in 2025, and they're projectinganother uh 40% increase in 2026 afterthat um uh 2025 increase. So, there'slike no shortage of demand. Um youmentioned fuel oxide cells. The reasonwhy their gas turbines specifically uhuh are super attractive is you don'tneed to rely on the energy grid for it.So, I mentioned earlier, like right nowwe have an energy grid, there's a lot ofconstraint being put on there becausehumans need energy and so do AI datacenters, so it tends to drive up theprice of energy in the places that thoseAI data centers are set up. If you usesomething like um Bloom Energy's gasturbines, you don't need to rely on theenergy grid at all. You just kind of setit up right next to your AI data center,and hey presto, you now have energy at acost-efficient uh price that you can nowpower to train or inference any of yourGPUs and your data centers. So, Broadcomand companies like Cool Weave are goingto need this. Uh so, hyperscalers ingeneral, as well as AI labs. It kind ofreminds me of the uh I don't know if youplayed Civilization uh ever, Josh. I Ifeel like you you did. It's we're kindof like moving infrastructure and powergeneration sources to your little uhsilo or settlement to kind of grow it,and that's exactly what's happeninghere. Yeah, and I think like the obviousplay is is there is absolutely noshortage of energy. So, the question iswho is able to produce the most of it?And they have this tremendously largebacklog, but I think the question is canthey actually create enough to startputting a dent into that backlog? Themanufacturing becomes a problem here.And with a lot of these players, we'renow moving into the world of atoms.We're now moving into the world wheremanufacturing actually matters. And Iwould love to We'll do another deep divesome other time to see if they'reactually capable of manufacturing atscale. But, that's the biggest one.That's the 20%er. What else What otherpositions are noteworthy in this newportfolio? Well, he's added like I think$300 millionworth of Coreweave. Can you explainCoreweave? Why Coreweave is so importanthere, please? For the people who aren'tfamiliar. Okay. So, if you think aboutit, if you're an AI lab, you need GPUs.But, it's one thing buying the GPUs froma company like Nvidia, completelydifferent beast setting up those GPUs inrack servers, getting the electricalsupplies, getting the technicalengineering and expertise to maintainyour GPU servers, the cooling systems,all that kind of stuff. So, what youcould do is you could outsource this toa company that is known as like a neocloud. That's what Coreweave is. Theyhandle all of that for you. Broadcomkind of does something like this, butCoreweave was a smaller company thatspecialized in this particularly duringthe GPU gaming era and is now pivoted toAI specifically. Leopold got in or wentin hard on Coreweave. He added $500millionat the end of Q3 in that episode that wecovered back then and he's added another$300 million here. So, we're looking atwhat is potentially an $800 millionposition in Coreweave. Now, the thestory goes a little deeper on this>> 700% increase over the quarter. That'sright. But, there's another layer tothis story where he also owns around 10%of a company called Core Scientific,which is Coreweave's main supplier tosetting up energy grids. So, if youthink about bets made in investing,Leopold's probably made the largestlevered bet in core GPU infrastructurein neo clouds like Coreweave, as well asenergy supply like Bloom. So, these arehis two biggest positions that hecurrently holds in his fund right now.And what I find interesting is he'sbeginning to own enough percentage ofthese companies to become an activistinvestor to actually influence theoutcome of the companies, which I findfascinating. And as I'm going throughthis, I'm seeing I mean power generationis a clear one, but the most positionsthat he's added in particular is aroundreal estate.>> 109. Yes. Yes.>> Which is is so fascinating. Like 10 newpositions around real estate in general.>> more.>> gets to I guess that the Bitcoin miningplay because what we're seeing here is alot of Bitcoin mining companies. And Ithink this seems bizarre and a littlewrong. It's like, okay, well, crypto'snot doing super hot. Bitcoin isn't doingwell. Why is he buying all of theseBitcoin mining companies? And it'sbecause they own the two critical piecesof infrastructure required for AIbuild-outs. They have the real estateand they have the power because I mean,what does Bitcoin mining require? Atremendous amount of energy and a lot ofspace to put those GPU racks. And nowthat Bitcoin mining is not on its wayout, but there are better risk-adjustedreturns for that real estate, it seemsas if he's betting on the idea thatthese Bitcoin mining companies are goingto either sell their rights and theirpermits or just pivot to AI data centersin general. To be clear, he does nothave any interest in mining crypto withthese companies. He's buying them fortheir licenses. They have access to theelectrical grid. Usually these kinds ofthings take months or years to attain.That's why although you see all thesemajor announcements from the likes ofMeta, Microsoft, and OpenAI saying,"Hey, we've got 1.4 trillion dollarsworth of compute partnership signed."But you don't see that translated intothe models that they're pushing out justyet. That's why GPUs being pushed outare always a generation behind. It'sbecause they don't get access to thispermitting. Leopold has sidestepped theentire thing and is buying up thesesmaller companies that already haveaccess to it. And so, he's like guttingthem completely of their crypto servicesand just repurposing them for trainingAImodels specifically and being thatprovider for them. It's kind of like ifyou take over a bar that already has aliquor licenserather than applying for a liquorlicense and waiting many years to getit. It's it's just a hack. It's reallyuseful. One of the things I've admiredmost I think about the thesis that he'shad and just kind of watching it playout over the last year is how simple andyet effective it is. It's like, okay,like I understand Bitcoin mining andobviously they have permits andobviously they have energy and obviouslyevery AI company wants this. Why wouldeveryone not be buying these things? AndI think the simplicity of these ideas iswhat has kept a lot of people away frominvesting but over and over it continuesto be proven right. And there's anotherthesis that he had in that early paperthat we mentioned that was 165 pagesabout some timelines particularly on AGIwhich I thought was interesting cuz thisguy seemingly right about everything. Ishe right about AGI by 2027? Are weactually going to get that? And in orderto answer this prediction we have aPolymarket open which is predictingwhether OpenAI announces it has achievedAGI before 2027. And I know the oddswere against him obviously when heraised this fund. But like man, theseodds are at 13%. So it seems like astretch that he's actually going to begetting AGI in 2027 and maybe theinvestment thesis is right and thetimelines are slightly wrong. I don'tknow. This seems like kind ofinsane. Yeah, it's like a it's a it's asmall percentage chance but I have tosay he's been he was originallycriticized for his essay being toooutlandish and inaccurate. A lot of somelike 50% of people thought that it wouldbe happening in the next couple ofmonths.A bunch of people said no, this isn'tgoing to happen until 2030. He's theonly guy who's had the prediction thathas been nailed so far. He called outGPUs before there was a GPU rush. Nowhe's calling out energy infrastructurebefore there's an energy infrastructurerush. So I think he's ahead of it here.Yeah, if if you believe he's right,there is a lot to be made by pressingthat yes button on Polymarket. And thankyou Polymarket for sponsoring this partof the show. But it's not only longpositions that he has. He's also shortum a position and it's particularly onone company.That company is Infosys.Infosys is basically a company thatspecializes in IT outsourcingparticularly in India.And their business model is completelybased on having cheaper labor than youcould get access to in Western countrieslike America or Europe continents likeEurope. So the point is hey justoutsource all your admin IT stuff to usand we got you. And the bet that I thinkhe's seeing here is he's seeing the riseof products like Claude code and GPTCodex 5.3 and he's realized wow thesemodels are actually now good enough toautomate not just menial work but reallyimportant IT processes. And he's takenout a massive short on this company.This to me is like one of his moreintellectual betsand it's it's more kind of current tothe trends that we're seeing right now.So it's good to see him basically puthis money where his mouth is. It's sofascinating going through this andseeing that the kind of theses play out.I'm going to have to add somepersonally. I meanthis may cause me to start diversifyinga little bit. And maybe I mean there hasto be some issues with this right? It'slike going through the bull case goingthrough the bear case what is there tocriticize and be cautious of when you'regetting into a portfolio like this? AndI mean the first thing that comes tomind is that this is a 24 year old andnot to just likenothing against that because clearly ithasn't worked against him but I'm notsure he's had I mean he certainly hasn'thad the experience that a lot of theseother investors have. Is that anadvantage clearly to some extent but atwhat point does that advantage kind ofcrumble apart? If so that seems to belike one of the other the things I'mconcerned about. The other thing I'mconcerned about is that the fund is kindof a single thesis bet. Where if AIinfrastructure and spending plateaus atall or the macro environment turns everyposition in this portfolio correlates tothe downside. There's not much hedgingagainst that. So there is somepotential for holes but nothingpreviously has signaled that this isgoing anywhere but up only.Yeah, I mean, if you look at some of themost famous investors of all time, itwas never about the largest amount ofmoney that they made in a single year ora single quarter. It's always just havebeen about consistent returns year uponyear, decade upon decade that hascompounded. Leopold has had an amazingstart and he's beaten the above he'she's above average for any kind of hedgefund based in any sector versus just AI,but he's yet to prove himself on amulti-decade kind of time span. So, sotime will tell. All I will say is umfor someone who's got fired from OpenAIas an I believe he was an alignmentresearcher for someone who's had likemajor insight um and had the biggest orboldest prediction as to where AI isgoing, he's been the only one to to kindof nail it so far. So, he's gone fullconviction into his 165-page thesiswhich I presume he put a lot of thoughtinto and it's paying off for him now.Now, will that change in the future?Maybe, but what you could treat thesefilings and these investments as is kindof like a real-time tracker of where hesees the constraints in this AI race.And I want to emphasize this point for asecond. Originally, his fund thesis wasGPUs. People are going to need GPUs andpeople are underpricing thatopportunity. Now, he's saying thatopportunity is not overpriced, but it'sit's market priced in and now he seesthe constraint pivoting or movingtowards energy infrastructure. You'vegot the likes of Elon Musk that islaunching data centers into space. Why?Because there's more energy in the sun.You've got everyone for the likes ofGoogle Meta Broadcom Nvidia. All of themare kind of investing in data centers ordata center infrastructure that getsaccess to these electrical grids andhe's just putting what money where thatdemand is and I think it's a smart move.Yeah, I was I read this great post byNaval the other day. I forget exactlywhat it said, but the idea of it wasthat basically software companies whoonly rely on software are going to havea very difficult time in the futurebecause it's so easy to actually createand generate custom software. And Ithink what this pivot is reflective ofnot only specifically around buildingthe architecture, but just bets on thephysical world and bets on actualmanufacturing and bets on factories andbets on energy and infrastructure,things that can't be built using AI,things that actually need humanhorsepower, like things that need to bebuilt, things that need permits, thingsthat need legislation. This is like thehard physical energy and infrastructurerequired. And I think that tracks tokind of where the future is going.Energy is the one thing that no onecould get enough of. And I mean thatpower generation play, the real estateplay, it's all around one thing, it'sjust powering the future. We saw throughthe last earning season $650 billioncommitted to CapEx from just a couplecompanies like Google, Amazon, umNvidia, or not Nvidia, but whoever elseis going to be paying Nvidia. And Ithink it's a testament to just how muchmoney is going to be thrown at solvingthis problem. And this portfolio isready to capture all of that upside.It's really pleasing to see someone maketrades at the right time in the rightplaces. Yeah. He has made some what youwould consider risky bets, like again,not many people have heard about BloomEnergy unless you're like deeply withinthe energy infrastructure place, butthey're kind of like a second, maybeconsidered first tier energy company. Umbut specifically used for their portableenergy. So like he kind of put these twopuzzle pieces together and thought,"Yeah, electrical grids, I'm going tosupport this, so let me invest in thiscompany." And he just goes and puts fullconviction, right? We're We're talkingabout almost like a fifth of his entireportfolio in this one position. Soextremely concentrated, high risk, highconviction, but if it does pay off,that's what ends up in these kind oflike 4.5 to 5x returns from just a yearand a half ago.Man, and we just got to respect respectit, man. Like 1 billion to to 5 and 1/2in a year.>> not salty at all, Josh. I'm not salty atall that I'm older than him and I willsay my portfolio has not done as well ashis. So perhaps we should be taking ourown advice and start copy tradingbecause like clearly this guy is isseeing something with the clarity thatwe are lacking or at least theconviction that we have not been able toplace in our actual trades. But that isthe update on Leopold's portfolio. Imean it's it's an amazingfeat that he's managed to do and itseems directionally correct again. Likethis new pivot to hardware toinfrastructure energy.Super bullish. I'm not sure there'sreally any other things to be said otherthan if you agree with the portfolio.I mean not financial advice. This isjust this dude'sportfolio but it seems like it ispromising and it is poised to do verywell this year and yeah that's theupdate on Leopold. Yeah, I'm curiouswhat our listeners think. You guys havebeen extremely active in commentsections on platforms like a Spotify,Apple as well as YouTube. Please keepthe comments incoming. I'm curiouswhether you think our investmentanalysis here is professional grade,Leopold Ashren Brenner grade or if youthink we're completely incorrect andwe're missing an obvious story. You knowwhat I want? I want I want their numberone top stock pick of the year.Leopold's throwing it down on BloomEnergy. I want to know what is yourBloom Energy? Like what's the what's thething that we're missing that we need toknow about that is going to 5X againthis year.Help Josh and I like make betterportfolio returns than this 24 year oldkid. I'd love that. Yes, please. We'rescrolling through the comments. Everyonewins if you pick a winner. So pick awinner and drop it in the comments.Share it with your friends along withthis episode. Subscribe to our Substacknewsletter which is coming out again Ithink the day you're listening to this.Um Ejaz is writing the the piece forthis week. It's very cool. Every Fridaywe release a newsletter updatingeverything that happened this week andwe are now doing a little more episodes.Possibly four episodes per week now. Sowe're going to keep this train going.Thank you so much for your support.Thank you so much always for sharing,for giving us five star ratings and yeahwe'll see you guys in the next episode.See you guys.