Leopold Aschenbrenner, that 24-year-oldguy who invests in AI, he's very clearlythe best AI investor in the world.[music] There is word on the street thathis notional position in this fund isnow over $20 billion. And>> [music]>> Ege, as we were looking at one of yourposts from what, a month ago, and it was13. So, the fund seems to be doublingbasically every quarter. And we havesome pretty serious and interestingupdates on what Leopold has beeninvesting [music] in. You'll note thatin the last episode, we covered hisportfolio. He was actually short acompany that a lot of people arefamiliar with, the largest one in theworld, Nvidia. And nobody could figureout why. He had over $9 billion worth ofshorts on the largest and hottest AIcompany in the world. Today, we havesome news that might actually uncoverthe reason why. It comes in the form ofa debt offering. Nvidia is actuallyraising money, which doesn't seem tomake sense on the surface. Why would acompany as big as Nvidia be raising whatjust closed as $25 billion in cash whentheir margins in particular are so, sohigh. So, on the episode today, we'regoing to talk about Leopold's portfolio,how he's doing so well, what he'slooking forward to, and what he'spositioning himself to to go next, butalso, what's going on with Nvidia?>> So, Leopold Aschenbrenner, for context,ex-OpenAI researcher, raised a fundabout 1 and 1/2 to 2 years ago. It was asmall, casual raise of $200 million, Ibelieve. And since then, since his last13F filings, the fund is worth $13.7billion.And so, everyone obviously wanted toknow what positions he was taking, whathis thesis was, what was the next majortrade. Now, it's important tounderstand, up until a month ago,Leopold was extremely bullish abouteverything AI, particularly picks andshovels. So, we're talking about theNvidias, the GPU makers, all that kindof stuff. And then, a month ago, it wasrevealedthat he wasn't especially bullish on thesemiconductor landscape. He was stillbullish on things like memory and power,those kinds of bottleneck constraints.And maybe he was bullish on neuralclouds, as well. But he wasn't bullishthe most valuable company in the worldNvidia and we have a total of $9 billionworth of puts in Nvidia, ASML, andOracle. So, these are companies that arekey to the infrastructure boom, which iswhat has been heralded as the best andmost certain trade in AI. So, peoplestarted getting concerned. They werelike, is this the AI bubble popping?Like, we don't see any signs of this.Nvidia is still selling so many GPUs.What could be the problem? Um and sincethen we've uncovereduh a few things. The major one beingthat uh Nvidia just raised $25 billionin a bond offering from externalcapital. So, what this means effectivelyis they're raising money outside oftheir balance sheet. So, this causes thequestion, which is why on earth is themost valuable company in the world thathas the most money, that's making themost money, that has the highest marginsraising $25 billion?>> In fact, they weren't only going to planto raise, they were only going to planto raise 20 billion and they actuallywound up raising 25 billion, which wasmore than three times over subscribed.And it's funny because in the lastepisode that we were talking about thisportfolio, are we in a bubble?How do we know when the top is gettingcloser to being in? We're like, don'tworry about it. All these companies arespending a tremendous amount of CapEx,but they have a huge amount of revenueto fund all of that. It's coming rightoff the balance sheet. This is the firsttime since 2021 in the case of Nvidiawhere they're actually raising moneyoutside of the balance sheet. They'renot taking their money on the balancesheet, which I believe is about $12billion they currently have. And thatleads me to a few questions. It's like,Leopold is short. Nvidia is raising somedebt when it seems like they haveinfinite cash and infinite margins.What's actually going on here? So, hesays, maybe you could help us unpackwhat this deal actually was. This is abond offering, which is not just ageneral fund raise. It's a little bitdifferent. And at the end of the daynow, Nvidia now has 25 billionadditional dollars on the balance sheetfor what I assume is a pretty low rate.>> Mhm. So, let me give you both sides ofthe story, Hagh. Um Nvidia has around$13.7 billion dollars on that cashbalance sheet. So, this is money thatthey could just spend to do whateverthey want. So, the question then is whyare they raising external capital? Well,the analogy is think of you purchasing ahouse. Typically, most people would, ifthey have the money, they would stilltake a mortgage out. Why? Because youcan, you know, use your capital forother purposes and you can just borrowmoney at a really cheap rate. Now,interest rates have been pretty uhcataclysmic for a while now, but ifyou're Nvidia, the most valuable companyin the world that has the most valuablestock in the world, the most desirablestock in the world, hey, you could raiseat pretty decent rates. And I've got thebreakdown over here for the 25 billiondollar bond offering. Um they've got uhbonds that range between two to 30years. So, it's effectively free moneythat they're raising at. The interestrates are almost nothing. It's almost asgood as government yield bond rates uhitself, which is like the best kind ofoffering that you could potentially get.Um and they were four X over subscribedfor people who wanted to help invest inthis money. So, 85 billion dollars worthof capital wanted to kind of pummel intothis 25 billion dollars, right? So,Nvidia could just have their pick uh ofthe litter. Now, if you want to look atthe reasons behind why they're doingthis, um Nvidia's stated claimofficially is this is just financialbookkeeping. We want to pay off andrefinance some debt that we have on ourbalance sheet sheet, which soundsfamiliar because Google did somethingvery similar about uh three weeks agoand then they did it earlier on thisyear in February. So, you could take thestated claim that this is financialbookkeeping, but the other side of it isdoes it seem pretty coincidental thatNvidia, Amazon, Google, and I thinkthree of the other hyperscalers have allraised external debt financing in thelast month and a half? And it's amixture of equity selling, which is whatkind of like Google's done just lastweek or three weeks ago, and it's amixture of bond raises as well. So,Leopold could be right in the sense thatthis might be marking the start of abubble popping or coming down, the houseof cards are coming down if this is thesign of a levered bet or a leveredraise. But right now, if you look at thefinancial structuring of this entirething, it doesn't entirely say that.>> That's what I'm thinking, too. Is I'mlooking at Leopold's portfolio, I'mlike, man, $9 billion is a lot of moneyto be short Nvidia. And another thingthat I found out as we were researchingis on May 18th, the board of Nvidiaactually authorized an additional $80billion in buybacks and raised theirdividend from a penny to 25 cents pershare. So, they multiplied the dividendby 25 times. They pledged $80 billion tobuy back shares from shareholders. And acompany doesn't really hand $80 billionback to shareholders and raise theirdividend 25x in the same month that itborrows out of need. So, there are thesetwo conflicting things. It's like, well,they're they're clearly not borrowingout of need because they're actuallygiving back to the shareholders. So, thethe question, why? Why are they doingthis? Well, because it's cheap money.And it seems like the way that this AIpump, this AI bubble is being funded,it's just slightly shifting to a newmodel because everyone wants to beparticipating, everyone wants to beinvolved in these capital raises. Nvidiahas recognized this. They could do soeven more cheaply by issuing their ownbonds than they can from going anywhereelse. So, they're like, hey, if we couldtake some money off the table, we'regoing to do that. And it seems likeNvidia is actually just doing just fine.Which leads us to the question of like,what is Leopold actually thinking? Howhas his mind changed over time? I mean,you looked at the Nvidia stock, ithasn't been doing great. The one youwere just showing on screen. It's notlike Nvidia's been crushing recently,but it's still like $5 billion, mostvaluable company in the world. I mean,only down 7% a month is is noteworthyconsidering everything else has beenpumping, but it's still like, I don'tknow. It it doesn't seem like it's doingthat bad.>> So, so listen, I think that Nvidia's notgoing anywhere. I think their products,their GPUs, and now the CPU line thatthey just opened up a few weeks ago isgoing to do overwhelmingly well. Thereis a surplus, an exponential surplus ofdemand for AI products, and there's onlyone main machine provider that cansupport that type of demand, and that isNvidia. So, I don't think they're goinganywhere. What I do think is the picksand shovel AI trade is extremelyovercrowded. And that's what Leopold'smost recent portfolio positioning tellsus. Like, I mean, let's let's let's takea look at this, right? So, as of theirlast 13F filing, they were prettybearish on the semiconductor landscapethrough the form of a short position orput position in Nvidia, ASML, Oracle,and a few other infrastructure scaleproviders. But at the same time, Leopoldwas very long companies in the memorysector or in the power sector or in thenear-cloud sector. Iron is one of hisbiggest positions,and that since his 13F filing is up 20%.So, like, you know, again, he's hittingsome nails on the head, but he's bearishsome layers of the semiconductor orinfrastructure stack specifically. Andthat tells me one very clear thing,which is Leopold isn't bearishAI infrastructure. I don't think he'scalling it a top on the bubble. He justthinks that the trade itself on picksand shovel is overcrowded, and thatmoney's going to rotate somewhere else.So, if the question is, where is thatmoney rotating, there's two answers. Themost obvious answer is it's going to thenext infrastructure bottleneck, whichwe've spoken about in previous episodes,is power, it's memory, it's data centernetworking, it's stuff like that. We'vespoken about this in previous episodes.And then there's this other secretinvestment that was uncovered a fewweeks ago, right?>> Yeah, this is the weird one for me. Iwas like, wait, this came out of leftfield. He He actually told me thisyesterday, and I was like, no way that'strue. There's surely no chance thatLeopold's fund, situational awareness,20% of the fund owns Anthropic equity.Yes, the AI company everyone knows andloves Anthropic, 20% of Leopold AssetManagement's fund is involved inAnthropic. How do we know this? Well,it's not totally confirmed, but the WallStreet Journal and a few otherpublications have apparently sourcesthat are very close to the matter thatconfirm this. And it seems as if this isa huge wild card that we were notanticipating in his fund. Because whenyou publish these 13F filings, the wayit works is you just publish your publicpositions. It doesn't have anything todo with the privately held equity.Anthropic turns out is a huge amount ofprivately held equity. And that's wherewe get to this $20 billion expectedvaluation of his portfolios is because Imean, 20% of the fund being inAnthropic, and he's been in it what youjust for over a year now, like heinvested early 2025. That's like beinginvested in Anthropic is like dog years.Each year is like seven. So, a year inAnthropic feels like a tremendousreturn. And that that's a hugereadjustment to his portfolio when wesee this cuz now it feels like we have amuch more clear picture.>> Yeah. So, the first time he investedeither privately or through the fund ina VC investment in Anthropic was inMarch 2025. That was when Anthropic wasworth $60 billion. Double digits. Now,Anthropic's recent valuation, they'revalued at $965 billion.That is a 15x markup. And if you do themath, as we're showing on the screentoday, his liquid portfolio, so that'sthe thing that's reported in the 13F, asof his recent 13F 13F filings was worth$13.7 billion. With the Anthropic stakethat he supposedly has as reported bythe Wall Street Journal, adds another $7billion,bringing him to a total AUM of $20billion. Now, if you're trying tounderstandhow crazy this is,Bill Ackman, one of the most famedinvestors in the entire world who's beenin this game for 30 to 40 years,his fund is worth just around $20billion Pershing Capital. Leopold hasbeen in the game for about a year and ahalf [laughter]and everyone's and this guy is 24 yearsold. He has zero and I must emphasizezero investing experience, right? Um buthe's made some of the most amazing callsever and the craziest part about all ofthis and I've said this on previousepisodes is that he gave us the entirethesis in a 65-pageuh AIS A uh about a year and a half agowhen he started his fund SituationalAwareness, called Situational Awareness,that broke down his entire trade. Heeven described how the money will rotatefrom semiconductors and infrastructurespecifically into other bottleneckconstraints and that's the trade that'splaying out today. So, it's justextremely impressive and that tells mewhere theuh the rest of the money is flowing. Ifhe's bearish Nvidia, money's going topower, memory, but also he wants toinvest in the mines themselves. Screwthe picks and shovels, invest in themines and Anthropic is his favorite bet.This seems like the trend and I thinkthis is probably a little bit ahead ofhis time again as always, but it seemslike the new trend is pivoting away fromthe bottleneck thesis. Over the lastwhat, 12 months or so, it's beeneveryone's trying to find thebottlenecks. Where are they? It's in theprecious metals. It's in the memory.It's in RAM. It's in all these thesethings that people perceive to bebottlenecks and it's true. And that runhas happened, but it seems as if thoseare getting close to more fairly priced.Everyone kind of understands thebusiness. They understand the market.They understand the revenues that areprojected forward and they kind of havea reasonable valuation. So, a lot ofthat value has been captured. The nextrotation is what we're interested in.It's where does the money flow afterthis? As you mentioned, land, power,shell, kind of the physicalinfrastructure. This seems to bedirectionally correct. When we thinkabout the companies that are mostimportant moving forward. When you thinkabout the things most critical to AI,it's the actual physical buildout. It'sit's what xAI has been doing. When youlook at XAI the company or SpaceX, Ishould say, which is now publiclytraded, where does all of the revenuecome from? It has absolutely nothing todo with rocket ships. It's the AIbuild-out. Look at the deal they signedwith Anthropic. Look at the deal theysigned with Google. Those account formore than Starlink and Starship andtheir entire satellite businesscombined. There's clearly a tremendousamount of value, a huge amount ofdemand, and then the question now shiftsto who are the people that are buildingthis? Okay, SpaceX is the obviousanswer. SpaceX, I mean, after hours lastnight traded at $230 a share. That's 3.1trillion dollars in value. And we'regoing to have an entire episode aboutSpaceX this week because, my god, what arun. They just closed the Corsairacquisition. They're now valued at 3trillion dollars. Elon made more moneyin a day than Warren Buffett did in hiswhole career. So, that is a wholeseparate thing. But, what are they bestat? They're best at that hardwareinfrastructure, at developing themachines that build the machines. Andthat is where we think, based onLeopold's direction, based on justgeneral trends, that's where the moneyheads to. So, what does that actuallylook like EJ's physically manifest? Whoare the companies involved? Who is thereat the rotation ready to just receivethis hot ball of money that's flowingaround?>> Yeah, so it's a lot of the unsexyinfrastructure companies, as youmentioned.One popular name that's been passedaround over the last month is Marvell.Marvell is the company that Jensen Huangwent on stage at Computex, which is likea major AI conference two weeks ago inTaiwan, and he said this is the nexttrillion-dollar company.Three months prior to him making thatstatement, Nvidia had made a one and ahalf billion-dollar investment inMarvell. I don't know where the linesare in terms of like insider trading ormarket manipulation at this point, butthe stock did pump 70% subsequentlyafter he made that statement. I thinkit's easy to call a top on AIinfrastructure right now.And if you think about previousfinancialcrisis like in 2008, there was a lot oflevered positions. There was a lot offinancial and market manipulation. Wedon't quite see the same here yet andI'll tell you what the distinctdifferences are. Number one, there arepeople paying for the products thatthese companies are creating. So, thereare real customers buying the products.Back in the dot-com boom, back in thefinancial crisis, you don't really havethis. Um and then the second thing iswe physically, by the laws of physics,can't lever up right now because we'reconstrained by human capital. What Imean by that is no matter how much moneyyou raise or throw at the thing, youcan't build data centers fast enough.You can't scale memory chips fastenough. You can't build the power linesand scale the energy grid and theinfrastructure fast enough. We don'thave enough men on the ground. We don'thave the capacity to do that. There arelaws, regulations, and a ton of red tapethat is currently blocking you. So, whatyou have here is an advantage, in myopinion, which is you can view where themoney is going to go, right? So, youthink that the picks and shovels tradeis overtraded or it's overcrowded, thatmoney's going to flow into power. It'sgoing to flow into data networking likeAstarra Labs. It's going to flow into abunch of these different companies. Andso, you need to start thinking, "Hmm,okay. When will these contracts start tobe materialized? When will these chipfabs end up being created? When willSpaceX's rockets start being launchedinto space releasing his AI onesatellites and harvesting the sun'senergy to train AI models? What is thattimeline?" And then my the bet I'mtaking at least is like I'm investingaccordingly based on that. Again, notinvestment advice, but I just it's how Igenerally see the money flowing becauseit's how we've seen it flow from generalAI stocks into the semiconductorinfrastructure trades, which we've seenover the last year and a half.>> And if we scroll down a little bit inthis artifact, we we see that storyplaying out in his portfolio where itshows the ownership stake that he has ona relative basis. The number onecategory, what is it? It's power. It'senergy. Second to that, it's the memory.And then it's the the clouds and the GPUminers. It's the actual physicalinfrastructure. He wants to ownCoreweave, the neo clouds. He wants toown the the miners who have switchedover to clouds. He wants to just ownthat physical infra cuz that's wherethat the true bottleneck is. And so,sure, there's smaller parts along theway, but like you mentioned, the theactual build-out, the actual hardware,the physical manufacturing of these datacenters is such a challenging thing andit's it's the biggest bottleneck. Ifanything, just to get the permits to gobuild it. Who's solving this problem?Well, SpaceX is trying to put them intoouter space. Who's solving the humanproblem? Well, Tesla's trying to buildhumanoid robots, but both of thosethings are pretty long way out. So, inthe intermediary, there's a lot ofopportunity and white space, and that'swhat he's going for. So, as we start towrap up this episode, there there's likeone last thing I think we we probablywant to mention, which is the the subtlenuances that exist in this portfoliothat I think are a little surprising andwe didn't highlight before. For anyonewho's looking to go a little bit deeper,a little more alpha, a lot of it comesin optical and like kind of lower downthe stack technology. Ejas, I knowyou've been in the weeds about this. Howdoes it work? What is his position? Whatis his thinking around I guess optics ingeneral?>> Hm. Well, if you just generally look athis portfolio positions that we'reshowing on the screen here, Coreweaveand Iron are basically some of the topneo cloud providers. So, what I mean bythat is think ofAmazon Web Services, like they createcloud services for any internet companythat wants to create a thing. That'swhat these companies do for any AIcompany. They have the GPUinfrastructure, they set it up for you,they do all the networking such that youdon't need to focus on it. You can justtrain your models, get access tocompute, and don't worry about any ofthe other kind of stuff. Coreweave andIron have been Leopold's biggestpositions since he started the fund. Or,he's had very concentrated positions,and they have provided him the biggestreturns. Now, I think it's worthpointing out that he still has thebiggest positions focused in these twocompanies. In fact, he's privatelyinvested in a company called CoreScientific, which helps unlock a lot ofCoreweave'sinfrastructureprovision. So, which means that he'seffectively taking a levered bet onCoreweave. And the fact that he stillhas major positions in these companiestells us that that trade, in hisopinion, typically isn't over yet. Andthen if you look at Core's and Light,these are all optical fiber providers.Now, if you want to understand what thatmeans at a very basic level, typicallyif you need semiconductor GPU chips tospeak to each other, requires like a lotof copper wires. And at some point, whenyou have so many of these GPUs, copperwires get overheated. There's a lot ofheat resistance. You lose a lot ofenergy. It becomes extremelyinefficient. You know what isn't asinefficient? If you start using opticalfibers. And that is kind of like thenext leap, the next iteration to builddata centers, to network and connectthese GPUs, which will allow muchquicker data transfer, that's muchcheaper, much more cost-efficient, andyou can end up making more money on theinference or the training compute thatyou provide. That's another It's veryinfrastructure-heavy is the point thatI'm making. So, he's invested in thosecompanies and invested in the at thepower level as well. And I think, youknow, it's very unsexy to say and talkabout, but that is inevitably where themoney is flowing right now, in myopinion.>> Yeah, the copper thing was interestingfor me because I learned how criticalcopper has been recently for a lot ofthe close data transfer. Copper is theonly material that anybody wants. Andthe only time you stop using copper iswhen it becomes unviable. When you haveto transfer data over too long of adistance, or like you mentioned, it getstoo hot. That's when you switch over tofiber. But the combination of these twoseems to be all that anybody wants. So,it's been interesting watching thecopper trade as well, even thoughLeopold's not really invested in it. Oh,yeah. Yeah, the copper futures pulledup. Copper, if you go to that one-yearchart, it's probably looking prettystrong.>> Yeah, yeah, it's it's like a very strongcommodity here because everyone needsit. That is the the single mostimportant critical element whentransferring high-bandwidth data over avery short distance. But fiber is thenext one. So, that's been an interestingthing to watch play out. I think thematerials play is always interesting.That is the the base of all base layersis like, what is the core material thatgoes in in order to get intelligenceout? Copper's one of them, of courselithium. There's a whole bunch of themthat you can>> we need to do we're due for thatepisode. Material episode, Josh. I Ithink we need to do this. Um>> We should go down there. Cuz you knowwhat? Leopold hasn't made his way downthere yet and maybe we could front-runhim for the next rotational thesis. Wecould go all the way down to the bottomof the stack. We could go visit thecopper mines, see how they're making allthe stuff happen. But I think that isgenerally speaking the next rotation isfrom these perceived smaller bottlenecksinto the the real hard thing, which isthe hardware and building out theselarge data centers.And whoever's capable of building outthe data centers will collect all themoney. We just saw what happened withSpaceX, how much money they were able tomake because of how in demand these datacenters are to have them online. Andanyone who's capable of spinning themup, of producing enough of producingpower GPUs. If you could create GPUswith power, you are going to make allthe money. And that's kind of whereLeopold's at. I guess in summary,we're not in a bubble. Leopold hasrotated. Should probably still copytrade. Is that right? Does that soundokay?>> Yeah. Um II'll admit when I read his 13F, I waslikeyou'll embarrass him as valuable companyin the world that has like demandprojected into 2029. Like that is theworst take ever. And now I see thisraise and I'm like, wow, if Nvidiacontinues to raise external debt, sellequity potentially in the future if thistrend continues, Leopold might be rightagain. And hishis full 40AM will eclipse the besttraders in the world the best investmentfunds in the world. Um I don't know, theguy keeps winning and it's it's veryimpressive to see.>> Yeah, so I mean here's the thing is he'snever needed to sell anything. Dude'sjust been long only his whole life. Sowe'll see how like you talked about wetalked about Bill Ackman earlier in thisepisode and dude's been around for 30years and it turns out being around for30 years is actually harder than makinglike a 30X. If you can actually sustainthis growth, if you can learn how tosell this push the sell button, learnhow to kind of hedge against risk, we'restarting to see that. I mean those $9 inshorts, he's not actually exposedwith $9 of cash in their short. That isthrough options. That is through someleverage. So, it's not a directone-to-one short. But, it's fascinatingto watch. We will see. I am going tocontinue copy trading the boy Leopoldbecause dude has just been correct. He'snot wrong. So,>> Of his entire portfolio, Josh, what isthe one stock that you'd be buying fromhim?>> Uh I like the energy stocks. I'm a bigenergy guy. I think no matter what, evenin the case that AI demand slows down,energy is still very much in high demandand the the just demands of it from thegeneral world are going up only. So,even in the absence of AI, we need moreenergy. We need more electricity. BloomEnergy, a lot of companies that arebuilding electricity throughput, I thinkare the ones that I'm most excited aboutbecause they're just they seem to be themost hedged. Just like, what is thesingular trend that is not going to stopno matter what is our demand for energy,electricity, and power. And companieslike Bloom Energy deliver on that. So,that's the companies that I'm mostexcited about being long in. When Iinvest, it's it's on a very long timeframe. I don't really like to trademuch. So, that's why and that's kind ofhow I think of things. What about you?Do you have any favorites?>> Iuh this is a cheat answer, but it'swhatever the intersection of whatJensen's investing in and whateverLeopold is investing in. So, the companythat I'm likekind of copy trading is Marvell, whichisn't something that Leopold currentlyowns, but it does sit very firmly in hisoptical fiber and power investment. But,and it's the one that Jensen put $1.5billion behind. I've just noticed thatwhatever Jensen invests in via Nvidia,whether it's Intel, Qualcomm, Weebl, orwhatever it is, has just gone up only.And so, that's currently where I'm atright now. I own some Qualcomm Weebl aswell, which both Jensen and Leopold havebeen extremely bullish on. So,>> Dude, Marvell up 270% in 6 months. Ithink this is a good pro tip. Whenpeople like Jensen, when people likeTrump, they say go buy this stock,you probably go buy it. It's paid off inpretty big ways. Like Intel is up howmany multiples from the time he boughtit? Marvell is up how many multiplesfrom Jensen? It's like these guys knowwhat they're talking about, or at leastthey have the ability to influence theoutcomes of these companies. And in thatsense, it has been a very wild ride. Ihope it continues. I hope this keepsgoing. It seems like it's probable tokeep going. I think we're all stilllong. We're all still pretty optimisticand excited, and we'll just continue toevaluate day-by-day. Coming up next is aSpaceX episode, which I think we're veryexcited about. SpaceX has been thebiggest IPO ever. They just closed theirdeal with Crossover. And there are a lotof new updates and interesting takes, Ibelieve, on how to navigate this IPO,how the unlock schedule is going towork, where all the shares are, and andhow this is going to play out over thenext 6 months. I think it's something alot of people may be interested. So,that one's coming up next. Any finalthoughts before we wrap up here onLeopold portfolio update?>> I'm curious about the skeptics that arelistening to this that think thateverything we've just said is incorrectand might potentially be wrong. Umtell us where we're wrong. Like I'mgenuinely curious. Like I I stared atthe $25 billion uh Nvidia raise newsyesterday, and I was like, I want tohate on this, butit look at it looking at it financially,this seems like a sound thing. Like whywouldn't you raise debt like risk-freemoney? Like that makes complete sense.Like borrow other people's money andspend that versus like selling your ownequity. Obviously, that makes sense.Keep more equity, earn more money in thefuture. But if there's something thatwe're missing, if there's a pattern thatyou're seeing that we aren't seeing,that we haven't spoken about, uh leaveus a comment. DM us. Do whatever you canto get in contact with us. Um and thenif you listen to this as well, and ifyou enjoyed this episode, if you're oneof the majority that enjoyed thisepisode, um please make sure yousubscribe to us. Turn on notificationsif it's on YouTube. It helps us outmassively. Uh do the same on Spotify. Dothe same on Apple Music or whereveryou're listening to us. Uh we also havea newsletter that goes out twice a week.We put out an essay. That's the firstessay of with week is coming out uhtomorrow, and then we're going to havethe five weekly highlights that wealways do at the end of the week. We aredoing anything and everything to keepyou up to date with everything that'sgoing on with AI and with that I believethe episode's over. It's done. That'sit. Well, thank you all so much forwatching and yeah, let us know. Sharewith your friends if you enjoyed thisepisode. Leave a comment and yeah, Ithink that's everything. So, thank[music] you so much for watching asalways and we will see you in the nextone. See you guys.>> [music]