Situational awareness is back in
business sources telling Bloomberg thatthe hedge fund has completed a $400
million investment to back a privatelyheld company.
It's the first sign of how Leopold andBrenner intends to pick up the pieces of
his fund after it nearly collapse, undera wave of margin calls from lenders last
week.Joining us now is Bloomberg.
Chief hedge fund correspondent NishantKumar.
Sean, excellent reporting from the team.It feels notable not only that he's
dipping back in, but he's notnecessarily doing it in public markets.
Yes.Uh, I mean, he undersold all the public
market investments and kept the privatemarket investments.
And this latest deal, it seems primarilyas a statement of confidence.
Uh, situational awareness is showinginvestors that it still has capital to
deploy and remains committed to itsprivate eye holdings.
Uh, together with, uh, about $100million invested in the same company,
uh, last month.This appears to be, uh, a sizable
commitment in a very short period oftime.
It is the first sign that the how heintends to come back to the market.
Really?Is this any kind of sign that investors
have lost some confidence in hismanagement, not just how much money they
have to invest, but the strategies?And given his age, his experience at
dealing with these kinds of things.I mean, there is, uh, you know, we have
to wait for that verdict.Uh, he was trying to raise external
capital.We don't know whether he was successful
or not.Uh, but this deal, uh, it's quite
remarkable that just within days of, uh,seeing this biggest stress test of his
very short investing career, he's outthere doing deals of this size
immediately.So he feels confident.
It seems what investors feel like willhave to wait and watch.
What about the overall hedge fundlandscape right now, Nishant?
Because there was a concern that hedgefunds beyond situational awareness did
have large, risky, leveraged,concentrated bets an eye heading into
the selloff?Definitely.
So.In July, exposed house.
Many managers were leaning into somemomentum, technology and eye trades, and
when those positions reversed, the fundswith the greatest concentration
suffered.Uh, although several remains fine if you
look at the very sector focused, techfocused, uh, hedge funds, uh, their
returns have been down in double digits.They have lost in double digits.
But if you look at the mainstream hedgefunds, so the multi strands of the world
who managed like tens of billions ofdollars between them, I mean this seemed
to be, you know fine.I mean they have lost some money.
Uh but they are okay.I mean there is some are even positive
like to them picked up situationalawareness bets and they have ended the
month in positive territory, but somehave lost up to three, 4%, uh, of their
assets.Any indication that anybody else is in
trouble the way situational awarenesswas, or that might need help.
But we obviously saw some, uh, sales inJune and July of some of these
portfolios.But anyone else out there that you're
watching?I mean, we are definitely watching a lot
of, uh, managers, a lot of managers withvery concentrated bets on this highly
leveraged, crowded eye trades.But so far the losses doesn't seem to be
existential, at least what we know.But you never know.
Like, this is probably the most crowdedtrade right now in the market.
It was suffering for a large part ofJuly, but then it bounced back so
significantly, uh, in the final two daysof the month of July.
So that helped a lot of hedge fundsrecover some of those losses.
And that's why even the losses seem tobe like ten, 15, 20% and not like 40, 50
or 60%, except for situationalawareness.
You Yushan, thank you so much again.You and the team have just been doing
such excellent reporting over the pastmonth on all these developments.
That's Bloomberg's Nishant Kumar.