# BXP 10-K 申報日 2013-02-28 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001193125-13-084781
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1037540/000119312513084781/d440480d10k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 d440480d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

 Form 10-K 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 x 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 OR 

 ¨ 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from
 to 
 
 Commission File Number: 1-13087 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Delaware 

 04-2473675 

 (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

 Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 02199-8103 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (617) 236-3300 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

 Title of each class 

 Name of exchange on which registered 

 Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 

 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes x No ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes x No ¨ 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). Yes x No ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

 Large accelerated filer x 
 Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No x 

 As of June 29, 2012, the aggregate market value of the
149,019,383 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $16,149,230,581 based upon the last reported sale price of $108.37 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on June 29, 2012. (For this computation, the Registrant
has excluded the market value of all shares of Common Stock reported as beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the Registrant; such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of
the Registrant.) 
 
 As of February 21, 2013,
there were 151,639,342 shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 Certain information contained in the Registrant’s Proxy Statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 21, 2013 is incorporated by reference in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and
14 of Part III. The Registrant intends to file such Proxy Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

 Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM NO. 

 DESCRIPTION 

 PAGE NO. 

 PART I 

 1 

 1 

 BUSINESS 

 1 

 1A. 

 RISK FACTORS 

 16 

 1B. 

 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 36 

 2. 

 PROPERTIES 

 37 

 3. 

 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 43 

 4. 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 43 

 PART II 

 44 

 5. 

 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

 44 

 6. 

 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 46 

 7. 

 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

 48 

 7A. 

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 100 

 8. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 101 

 9. 

 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

 154 

 9A. 

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 154 

 9B. 

 OTHER INFORMATION 

 154 

 PART III 

 155 

 10. 

 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 155 

 11. 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 155 

 12. 

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

 155 

 13. 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 156 

 14. 

 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 156 

 PART IV 

 157 

 15. 

 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 157 

 Table of Contents 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 

 Business 

 General 

 As used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” refer to Boston Properties, Inc., a
Delaware corporation organized in 1997, individually or together with its subsidiaries, including Boston Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, and our predecessors. We are a fully integrated, self-administered and
self-managed real estate investment trust, or “REIT,” and one of the largest owners and developers of office properties in the United States. 

 Our properties are concentrated in five markets—Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC. We conduct
substantially all of our business through our subsidiary, Boston Properties Limited Partnership. At December 31, 2012, we owned or had interests in 157 properties, totaling approximately 44.4 million net rentable square feet, including
nine properties under construction totaling approximately 2.8 million net rentable square feet. In addition, we had structured parking for approximately 46,833 vehicles containing approximately 15.9 million square feet. Our properties
consisted of: 

 • 

 149 office properties including 132 Class A office properties (including eight properties under construction) and 17 Office/Technical properties;

 • 

 one hotel; 

 • 

 four retail properties; and 

 • 

 three residential properties (one of which is under construction). 

 We own or control undeveloped land totaling approximately 509.3 acres, which could support approximately
12.5 million square feet of additional development. In addition, we have a noncontrolling interest in the Boston Properties Office Value-Added Fund, L.P., which we refer to as the “Value-Added Fund,” which is a strategic partnership
with two institutional investors through which we pursued the acquisition of assets within our existing markets that had deficiencies in property characteristics that provided an opportunity to create value through repositioning, refurbishment or
renovation. Our investments through the Value-Added Fund are not included in our portfolio information tables or any other portfolio level statistics. At December 31, 2012, the Value-Added Fund had investments in 23 buildings comprised of two
office complexes in Mountain View, California. 
 
 We
consider Class A office properties to be centrally-located buildings that are professionally managed and maintained, attract high-quality tenants and command upper-tier rental rates, and that are modern structures or have been modernized to
compete with newer buildings. We consider Office/Technical properties to be properties that support office, research and development, laboratory and other technical uses. Our definitions of Class A office and Office/Technical properties may be
different than those used by other companies. 
 
 We
are a full-service real estate company, with substantial in-house expertise and resources in acquisitions, development, financing, capital markets, construction management, property management, marketing, leasing, accounting, tax and legal services.
As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 730 employees. Our thirty-three senior officers have an average of twenty-eight years experience in the real estate industry, including an average of eighteen years of experience with us. Our
principal executive office and Boston regional office are located at The Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and our telephone number is (617) 236-3300. In addition, we have regional offices at 599
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022; 302 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540; Four Embarcadero Center, San Francisco, California 94111; and 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20037. 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 Our Web site is located at http://www.bostonproperties.com. On our Web site, you can obtain
a free copy of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. You may also obtain our reports by accessing the EDGAR database at the SEC’s
website at http://www.sec.gov, or we will furnish an electronic or paper copy of these reports free of charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, Boston Properties, Inc., The Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston,
Massachusetts 02199. The name “Boston Properties” and our logo (consisting of a stylized “b”) are registered service marks of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. 
 
 Boston Properties Limited Partnership 

 Boston Properties Limited Partnership,
or BPLP or our Operating Partnership, is a Delaware limited partnership, and the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our business and own, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of our assets. We are the sole
general partner and, as of February 21, 2013, the owner of approximately 89.0% of the economic interests in BPLP. Economic interest was calculated as the number of common partnership units of BPLP owned by the Company as a percentage of the sum
of (1) the actual aggregate number of outstanding common partnership units of BPLP, (2) the number of common partnership units issuable upon conversion of outstanding preferred partnership units of BPLP and (3) the number of common
units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding long term incentive plan units of BPLP, or LTIP Units, other than LTIP Units issued in the form of Outperformance Awards (“OPP Awards”) and 2013 Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards
(“MYLTIP Awards”), assuming all conditions have been met for the conversion of the LTIP Units. Refer to Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. An LTIP Unit is generally the economic equivalent of a share of our restricted common
stock, although LTIP Units issued in the form of OPP Awards or MYLTIP Awards are only entitled to receive one-tenth
(1/10 th ) of the regular quarterly distributions (and no
special distributions) prior to being earned. Our general and limited partnership interests in BPLP entitle us to share in cash distributions from, and in the profits and losses of, BPLP in proportion to our percentage interest and entitle us to
vote on all matters requiring a vote of the limited partners. The other limited partners of BPLP are persons who contributed their direct or indirect interests in properties to BPLP in exchange for common units or preferred units of limited
partnership interest in BPLP or recipients of LTIP Units pursuant to our Stock Option and Incentive Plan. Under the limited partnership agreement of BPLP, unitholders may present their common units of BPLP for redemption at any time (subject to
restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such right for a period of time, generally one year from issuance). Upon presentation of a unit for redemption, BPLP must redeem the unit for cash equal to the then
value of a share of our common stock. In lieu of cash redemption by BPLP, however, we may elect to acquire any common units so tendered by issuing shares of our common stock in exchange for the common units. If we so elect, our common stock will be
exchanged for common units on a one-for-one basis. This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to specified adjustments to prevent dilution. We generally expect that we will elect to issue our common stock in connection with each such presentation
for redemption rather than having BPLP pay cash. With each such exchange or redemption, our percentage ownership in BPLP will increase. In addition, whenever we issue shares of our common stock other than to acquire common units of BPLP, we must
contribute any net proceeds we receive to BPLP and BPLP must issue to us an equivalent number of common units of BPLP. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. 

 Preferred units of BPLP have the rights, preferences and
other privileges as are set forth in an amendment to the limited partnership agreement of BPLP. As of December 31, 2012 and February 21, 2013, BPLP had two series of Preferred Units outstanding (i.e., Series Two Preferred Units and Series
Four Preferred Units). The Series Two Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of $50.00 per unit (or an aggregate of approximately $49.8 million at December 31, 2012 and February 21, 2013). The Series Two Preferred Units are
convertible, at the holder’s election, into common units at a conversion price of $38.10 per common unit (equivalent to a ratio of 1.312336 common units per Series Two Preferred Unit). Distributions on the Series Two Preferred Units are payable
quarterly and, unless the greater rate described in the next sentence applies, accrue at 6.0% per annum. If 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

distributions on the number of common units of limited partnership interest, or OP Units, into which the Series Two Preferred Units are convertible are greater than distributions calculated using
the rate described in the preceding sentence for the applicable quarterly period, then the greater distributions are payable instead. The holders of Series Two Preferred Units have the right to require BPLP to redeem their units for cash at the
redemption price of $50.00 per unit on May 14, 2013 and May 12, 2014. The maximum number of units that may be required to be redeemed from all holders on each of these dates is 1,007,662, which is one-sixth of the number of Series Two
Preferred Units that were originally issued. The holders also had the right to have their Series Two Preferred Units redeemed for cash as of May 12, 2009, May 12, 2010, May 12, 2011 and May 14, 2012, although no holder exercised
such right. On May 14, 2013 and May 12, 2014, BPLP also has the right, subject to certain conditions, to redeem Series Two Preferred Units for cash or to convert into OP Units any Series Two Preferred Units that are not redeemed when they
are eligible for redemption. 
 
 The Series Four
Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of $50.00 per unit (or an aggregate of approximately $61.1 million at December 31, 2012 and February 21, 2013). The Series Four Preferred Units, which bear a preferred distribution equal
to 2.00% per annum on a liquidation preference of $50.00 per unit, are not convertible into or exchangeable for any common equity of BPLP or us. We also have the right, subject to certain conditions, to redeem Series Four Preferred Units for
cash at the redemption price of $50.00 per unit. Due to the holders’ redemption option existing outside the control of the Company, the Series Four Preferred Units are presented outside of permanent equity in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 Transactions During 2012 

 Acquisitions 

 On March 1, 2012, we acquired 453 Ravendale Drive
located in Mountain View, California for a purchase price of approximately $6.7 million in cash. 453 Ravendale Drive is an approximately 30,000 net rentable square foot Office/Technical property. 

 On March 13, 2012, we acquired 100 Federal Street in
Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate investment of approximately $615.0 million in cash. In connection with the transaction, we entered into a long-term lease with an affiliate of Bank of America for approximately 732,000 square feet. 100 Federal
Street is an approximately 1,265,000 net rentable square foot, 37-story Class A office tower located in Boston, Massachusetts. 

 On October 4, 2012, we completed the formation of a joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston,
Virginia, adjacent to our other Reston properties. Fountain Square is an office and retail complex aggregating approximately 758,000 net rentable square feet, comprised of approximately 521,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office space
and approximately 237,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. The joint venture partner contributed the property valued at approximately $385.0 million and related mortgage indebtedness totaling approximately $211.3 million for a 50% interest
in the joint venture. We contributed cash totaling approximately $87.0 million for our 50% interest, which cash was distributed to the joint venture partner. We are consolidating this joint venture. The mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate
of 5.71% per annum and matures on October 11, 2016. Pursuant to the joint venture agreement (i) we have rights to acquire the partner’s 50% interest and (ii) the partner has the right to cause us to acquire the
partner’s interest on January 4, 2016, in each case at a fixed price totaling approximately $102.0 million in cash. The fixed price option rights expire on January 31, 2016. 
 
 Dispositions 

 On May 17, 2012, we completed the sale of our Bedford Business Park properties located in Bedford, Massachusetts for approximately
$62.8 million in cash. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $62.0 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $36.9 million. Bedford Business Park is comprised of two Office/Technical buildings and one Class A office building
aggregating approximately 470,000 net rentable square feet. 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 The servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan on our Montvale Center property located in
Gaithersburg, Maryland foreclosed on the property on January 31, 2012. As a result of the foreclosure, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt during the first quarter of 2012 totaling approximately $15.8 million, net of noncontrolling
interests’ share of approximately $2.0 million. Due to a procedural error by the trustee, the foreclosure sale was subsequently dismissed by the applicable court prior to ratification. As a result, we have revised our financial statements to
properly reflect the property and related mortgage debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2012 and have reversed the gain on forgiveness of debt and recognized the operating activity from the property within our consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012. A subsequent foreclosure sale occurred on December 21, 2012 and ratification by the applicable court is pending. Once ratified, we will recognize a gain on forgiveness of debt.
These events have no impact on our cash flows. 

 Developments 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had nine projects under construction comprised of eight office properties and one residential property,
which aggregate approximately 2.8 million square feet. We estimate the total investment to complete these projects, in the aggregate, is approximately $1.8 billion of which we had already invested approximately $1.1 billion as of
December 31, 2012. The investment through December 31, 2012 and estimated total investment for our properties under construction as of December 31, 2012 are detailed below (in thousands): 

 Construction Properties 

 Estimated 
 Stabilization Date 

 Location 

 Investment 
 to Date(1) 

 Estimated 
Total 
 Investment(1) 

 Office 

 Annapolis Junction Building Six (50% ownership) 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Annapolis, MD 

 $ 

 11,167 

 $ 

 14,000 

 500 North Capitol (30% ownership) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2013 

 Washington, DC 

 30,033 

 36,540 

 Two Patriots Park (formerly12300 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Second Quarter,
2013 

 Reston, VA 

 52,558 

 64,000 

 Seventeen Cambridge Center 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Cambridge, MA 

 59,102 

 86,300 

 Cambridge Center Connector 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Cambridge, MA 

 6,892 

 24,600 

 Annapolis Junction Building Seven (50% ownership) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2014 

 Annapolis, MD 

 3,995 

 16,050 

 680 Folsom Street 

 Third Quarter, 2015 

 San Francisco,
CA 

 185,848 

 340,000 

 250 West 55 th Street 

 Fourth Quarter, 2015 

 New York, NY 

 730,812 

 1,050,000 

 Total Office Properties under Construction 

 $ 

 1,080,407 

 $ 

 1,631,490 

 Residential 

 The Avant at Reston Town Center (359 units) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2015 

 Reston, VA 

 $ 

 67,620 

 $ 

 137,250 

 Total Properties under Construction 

 $ 

 1,148,027 

 $ 

 1,768,740 

 (1) 

 Represents our share. Includes net revenue during lease up period and approximately $51.2 million of construction cost and leasing commission accruals.

 On January 3, 2012, we
commenced the redevelopment of Two Patriots Park, a Class A office project with approximately 256,000 net rentable square feet located in Reston, Virginia. We will capitalize incremental costs during the redevelopment. 

 On April 30, 2012, we completed and fully placed
in-service 510 Madison Avenue, a Class A office project with approximately 356,000 net rentable square feet located in New York City. As of December 31, 2012, the total investment was approximately $370.7 million with an estimated total
investment upon completion of approximately $375.0 million. 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 On May 4, 2012, we completed and fully placed in-service One Patriots Park, a
Class A office redevelopment project with approximately 268,000 net rentable square feet located in Reston, Virginia. As of December 31, 2012, the total investment was approximately $60.5 million with an estimated total investment upon
completion of approximately $67.0 million. 
 
 On
August 29, 2012, we acquired the development project located at 680 Folsom Street and 50 Hawthorne Street (which we refer to herein collectively as 680 Folsom Street) in San Francisco, California. When completed, the project will comprise
approximately 522,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office and retail space. The project is approximately 85% pre-leased and as a result we have accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The estimated project cost upon
completion is approximately $340 million with initial occupancy expected in the first quarter of 2014. As part of the transaction, we also acquired the corner site of 690 Folsom Street, which is an adjacent parcel with a vacant 22,000 square foot,
two-story structure that may be redeveloped in the future. The consideration paid by us to the seller consisted of approximately $62.2 million in cash and the issuance of 1,588,100 Series Four Preferred Units of limited partnership interest in our
Operating Partnership. The Series Four Preferred Units are not convertible into or exchangeable for any common equity of our Operating Partnership or us, have a per unit liquidation preference of $50.00 and are entitled to receive quarterly
distributions of $0.25 per unit (or an annual rate of 2.0%). In connection with the acquisition, we assumed a $170.0 million construction loan commitment and subsequently terminated the loan without ever drawing any amounts thereunder. 

 On December 14, 2012, we signed a
20-year lease with a law firm for approximately 246,000 net rentable square feet at 250 West 55 th Street. 250 West 55 th Street is an approximately 989,000 net rentable square foot office building under construction in midtown Manhattan. The development property is currently approximately 46% pre-leased with the remaining
available office space in the upper portion of the tower. 
 
 On December 21, 2012, we signed a 20-year lease with a law firm for approximately 376,000 net rentable square feet at 601 Massachusetts Avenue, our planned approximately 478,000 net rentable square
foot development project located in Washington, DC. Construction of the project, which is currently 100% leased and included in our in-service portfolio, is scheduled to commence in the second quarter of 2013, and building completion is expected to
occur in the fourth quarter of 2015. The development property is currently approximately 79% pre-leased. 

 Secured Debt Transactions 

 On March 12, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our Bay Colony Corporate Center property
located in Waltham, Massachusetts totaling $143.9 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.53% per annum and was scheduled to mature on June 11, 2012. There was no prepayment penalty. We recognized a gain on early
extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.9 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting. 

 On April 2, 2012, we used available cash to repay the
mortgage loan collateralized by our One Freedom Square property located in Reston, Virginia totaling $65.1 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.75% per annum and was scheduled to mature on June 30, 2012. There
was no prepayment penalty. We recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase
accounting. 
 
 On August 29, 2012, in
connection with our acquisition of the development project located at 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco, California, we assumed the construction loan commitment collateralized by the project (Refer to Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements). The assumed construction loan commitment totaling $170.0 million bore interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.70% per annum and was scheduled to 

 5 

 Table of Contents 

mature on May 30, 2015 with two, one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. In addition, we assumed an interest rate derivative which capped the one-month LIBOR index rate at
a maximum of 3.00% per annum on a notional amount up to $170.0 million and with an expiration date of May 30, 2015. On December 18, 2012, we terminated the construction loan commitment. On January 8, 2013, we terminated the
interest rate derivative. We had not drawn any amounts under the facility. 
 
 On September 4, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our Sumner Square property located in Washington, DC totaling approximately $23.2 million. The mortgage
financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.35% per annum and was scheduled to mature on September 1, 2013. We recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million, which included a prepayment penalty
totaling approximately $0.2 million associated with the early repayment. 
 
 On October 4, 2012, in connection with the formation of a consolidated joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia, the joint venture assumed the mortgage loan
collateralized by the property totaling approximately $211.3 million (Refer to Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). The assumed mortgage loan, which bears contractual interest at a fixed rate of 5.71% per annum and matures on
October 11, 2016, was recorded at its fair value of approximately $234.4 million using an effective interest rate of 2.56% per annum. We have a 50% interest in the consolidated joint venture. 

 Unsecured Senior Notes 

 On June 11, 2012, our Operating Partnership completed a
public offering of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of its 3.850% senior unsecured notes due 2023. The notes were priced at 99.779% of the principal amount to yield an effective rate (including financing fees) of 3.954% to maturity. The
notes will mature on February 1, 2023, unless earlier redeemed. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately $989.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses. 

 On August 24, 2012, our Operating Partnership used
available cash to redeem the remaining $225.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.25% senior notes due 2013. The redemption price was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $231.6 million. The
redemption price included approximately $1.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.25% of the principal amount being
redeemed. We recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $5.2 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $5.1 million. 

 Unsecured Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 On January 10, 2012, we announced that holders of the
2.875% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2037 (the “Notes”) issued by our Operating Partnership had the right to surrender their Notes for purchase by our Operating Partnership (the “Put Right”) on February 15, 2012. The
opportunity to exercise the Put Right expired on February 8, 2012. On January 10, 2012, we also announced that our Operating Partnership issued a notice of redemption to the holders of the Notes to redeem, on February 20, 2012 (the
“Redemption Date”), all of the Notes outstanding on the Redemption Date. In connection with the redemption, holders of the Notes had the right to exchange their Notes on or prior to February 16, 2012. Notes with respect to which the
Put Right was not exercised (or with respect to which the Put Right was exercised and subsequently withdrawn prior to the withdrawal deadline) and that were not surrendered for exchange on or prior to February 16, 2012, were redeemed by our
Operating Partnership on the Redemption Date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. Holders of an aggregate of $242,735,000 of the
Notes exercised the Put Right and our Operating Partnership repurchased such Notes on February 15, 2012. On February 20, 2012, our Operating Partnership redeemed the remaining $333,459,000 of outstanding Notes at a redemption price equal
to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Equity Transactions 
 
 On June 2, 2011, we established a new “at the market” (“ATM”) stock offering program
through which we may sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $600.0 million of our common stock through sales agents over a three-year period. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we issued an aggregate of 2,347,500 shares of common
stock under this ATM stock offering program for gross proceeds of approximately $249.8 million and net proceeds of approximately $247.0 million. As of December 31, 2012, approximately $305.3 million remained available for issuance under this
ATM program. 
 
 During the year ended
December 31, 2012, we acquired an aggregate of 1,110,660 common units of limited partnership interest, including 544,729 common units issued upon the conversion of LTIP units and 153,604 issued upon the conversion of Series Two preferred units,
presented by the holders for redemption, in exchange for an equal number of shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we issued 22,823 shares of common stock as a result of stock options being exercised. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

 On July 25, 2012, a joint venture in
which we have a 50% interest partially placed in-service Annapolis Junction Building Six, a Class A office property with approximately 120,000 net rentable square feet located in Annapolis, Maryland. 

 On September 27, 2012, our Value-Added Fund completed
the sale of its 300 Billerica Road property located in Chelmsford, Massachusetts for approximately $12.2 million, including the assumption by the buyer of $7.5 million of mortgage indebtedness. 300 Billerica Road is an approximately 111,000 net
rentable square foot office building. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $4.3 million, of which our share was approximately $2.8 million, after the payment of transaction costs. Our share of the net proceeds included approximately $2.4 million
resulting from the Value-Added Fund’s repayment of a loan from our Operating Partnership. The Value-Added Fund recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $1.0 million, of which our share totaled approximately $0.2 million
and is included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures in our consolidated statements of operations. 

 On October 1, 2012, a joint venture in which we have a 30% interest partially placed in-service 500 North Capitol Street, NW, a
Class A office redevelopment project with approximately 232,000 net rentable square feet located in Washington, DC. The property is currently 82% leased. 

 On October 19, 2012, we formed a joint venture with an affiliate of Hines to pursue the acquisition of land in San Francisco,
California which could support a 61-story, 1.4 million square foot office tower known as Transbay Tower. The purchase price is approximately $190.0 million, and the acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2013. We have a 50%
interest in the joint venture. We have provided a non-refundable deposit for the land purchase in the form of a letter of credit totaling $5.0 million. There can be no assurance that the acquisition of the land will be consummated on the terms
currently contemplated or at all. On February 7, 2013, the affiliate of Hines issued a notice that it has elected under the joint venture agreement to reduce its nominal ownership interest in the venture from 50% to 5%. On
February 26, 2013, we issued a notice electing to proceed with the venture on that basis. As a result, we have a 95% nominal interest in, and expect to consolidate, the joint venture. Refer to Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 
 
 On November 21, 2012, our
partner in our Annapolis Junction joint venture contributed a parcel of land and improvements and we contributed cash of approximately $5.4 million. We have a 50% interest in this joint venture. The venture has commenced construction of Annapolis
Junction Building Seven, which when completed will consist of a Class A office property with approximately 125,000 net rentable square feet located in Annapolis, Maryland. 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

 On January 25, 2012, our Compensation Committee
approved outperformance awards under our Stock Option and Incentive Plan to our officers and employees. These awards (the “2012 OPP Awards”) are part of a broad-based, long-term incentive compensation program designed to provide our
management team with the potential to earn equity awards subject to us “outperforming” and creating shareholder value in a pay-for-performance structure. Recipients of 2012 OPP Awards will share in a maximum outperformance pool of $40.0
million if the total return to shareholders, including both share appreciation and dividends, exceeds absolute and relative hurdles over a three-year measurement period from February 7, 2012 to February 6, 2015. Earned awards are subject
to two-years of time-based vesting after the performance measurement date. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 “Compensation—Stock Compensation,” the 2012 OPP
Awards have an aggregate value of approximately $7.7 million, which amount will be amortized into earnings over the five-year plan period under the graded vesting method. 

 Executive Resignation 

 On February 29, 2012, E. Mitchell Norville resigned as
our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. In connection with his resignation, Mr. Norville entered into a separation agreement with us. We recognized approximately $4.5 million of expense during the first quarter of 2012 in
connection with Mr. Norville’s resignation. 
 
 Business and Growth Strategies 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Our primary business objective is to maximize return on investment so as to provide our investors with the greatest possible total return. Our strategy to achieve this objective is: 

 • 

 to concentrate on a few carefully selected geographic markets, including Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC, and to be one
of the leading, if not the leading, owners and developers in each of those markets. We select markets and submarkets with a diverse economic base and a deep pool of prospective tenants in various industries and where tenants have demonstrated a
preference for high-quality office buildings and other facilities; 

 • 

 to emphasize markets and submarkets within those markets where the lack of available sites and the difficulty of receiving the necessary approvals for
development and the necessary financing constitute high barriers to the creation of new supply, and where skill, financial strength and diligence are required to successfully develop, finance and manage high-quality office, research and development
space, as well as selected retail and residential space; 

 • 

 to take on complex, technically challenging projects, leveraging the skills of our management team to successfully develop, acquire or reposition
properties that other organizations may not have the capacity or resources to pursue; 

 • 

 to concentrate on high-quality real estate designed to meet the demands of today’s tenants who require sophisticated telecommunications and
related infrastructure, support services and amenities, and to manage those facilities so as to become the landlord of choice for both existing and prospective clients; 

 • 

 to opportunistically acquire assets which increase our penetration in the markets in which we have chosen to concentrate, as well as potential new
markets, which exhibit an opportunity to improve or preserve returns through repositioning (through a combination of capital improvements and shift in marketing strategy), changes in management focus and re-leasing as existing leases terminate;

 • 

 to explore joint venture opportunities primarily with existing property owners located in desirable locations, who seek to benefit from the depth of
development and management expertise we are able to provide and our access to capital, and/or to explore joint venture opportunities with strategic institutional partners, leveraging our skills as owners, operators and developers of Class A
office space and mixed-use complexes; 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 • 

 to pursue on a selective basis the sale of properties, including core properties, to take advantage of our value creation and the demand for our
premier properties; 

 • 

 to seek third-party development contracts, which can be a significant source of revenue and enable us to retain and utilize our existing development
and construction management staff, especially when our internal development is less active or when new development is less-warranted due to market conditions; and 

 • 

 to enhance our capital structure through our access to a variety of sources of capital and proactively manage our debt expirations.

 Growth Strategies 

 External Growth 

 We believe that our development experience and our
organizational depth position us to continue to selectively develop a range of property types, including low-rise suburban office properties, high-rise urban developments, mixed-use developments (including residential) and research and laboratory
space, within budget and on schedule. We believe we are also well positioned to achieve external growth through acquisitions. Other factors that contribute to our competitive position include: 

 • 

 our control of sites (including sites under contract or option to acquire) in our markets that could support approximately 12.5 million additional
square feet of new office, retail, and residential development; 

 • 

 our reputation gained through 43 years of successful operations and the stability and strength of our existing portfolio of properties;

 • 

 our relationships with leading national corporations, universities and public institutions seeking new facilities and development services;

 • 

 our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions that provide capital to the real estate industry; 

 • 

 our track record and reputation for executing acquisitions efficiently provides comfort to domestic and foreign institutions, private investors and
corporations who seek to sell commercial real estate in our market areas; 

 • 

 our ability to act quickly on due diligence and financing; and 

 • 

 our relationships with institutional buyers and sellers of high-quality real estate assets. 

 Opportunities to execute our external growth strategy fall
into three categories: 

 • 

 Development in selected submarkets. We believe the additional development of well-positioned office buildings and mixed use complexes could be
justified in many of our submarkets. We believe in acquiring land after taking into consideration timing factors relating to economic cycles and in response to market conditions that allow for its development at the appropriate time. While we
purposely concentrate in markets with high barriers-to-entry, we have demonstrated throughout our 43-year history, an ability to make carefully timed land acquisitions in submarkets where we can become one of the market leaders in establishing rent
and other business terms. We believe that there are opportunities at key locations in our existing and other markets for a well-capitalized developer to acquire land with development potential. 

 In the past, we have been particularly successful at
acquiring sites or options to purchase sites that need governmental approvals for development. Because of our development expertise, knowledge of the governmental approval process and reputation for quality development with local government
regulatory bodies, we generally have been able to secure the permits necessary to allow development and to profit from the resulting increase in land value. We seek complex projects where we can add value through the efforts of our experienced and
skilled management team leading to attractive returns on investment. 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Our strong regional relationships and recognized development expertise have enabled us to
capitalize on unique build-to-suit opportunities. We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn relatively significant returns on these development opportunities through
multiple business cycles. 

 • 

 Acquisition of assets and portfolios of assets from institutions or individuals. We believe that due to our size, management strength and
reputation, we are well positioned to acquire portfolios of assets or individual properties from institutions or individuals if valuations meet our criteria. In addition, we believe that our market knowledge and our liquidity and access to capital
may provide us with a competitive advantage when pursuing acquisitions. There may be enhanced opportunities to purchase assets with near-term financing maturities or possibly provide debt on assets at enhanced yields given the limited availability
of traditional sources of debt. Opportunities to acquire properties may also come through the purchase of first mortgage or mezzanine debt. We may also acquire properties for cash, but we are also particularly well-positioned to appeal to sellers
wishing to contribute on a tax-deferred basis their ownership of property for equity in a diversified real estate operating company that offers liquidity through access to the public equity markets in addition to a quarterly distribution. Our
ability to offer common and preferred units of limited partnership in BPLP to sellers who would otherwise recognize a taxable gain upon a sale of assets or our common stock may facilitate this type of transaction on a tax-efficient basis. In
addition, we may consider mergers with and acquisitions of compatible real estate firms. 

 • 

 Acquisition of underperforming assets and portfolios of assets . We believe that because of our in-depth market knowledge and development
experience in each of our markets, our national reputation with brokers, financial institutions and others involved in the real estate market and our access to competitively-priced capital, we are well-positioned to identify and acquire existing,
underperforming properties for competitive prices and to add significant additional value to such properties through our effective marketing strategies, repositioning/redevelopment expertise and a responsive property management program. We have
developed this strategy and program for our existing portfolio, where we provide high-quality property management services using our own employees in order to encourage tenants to renew, expand and relocate in our properties. We are able to achieve
speed and transaction cost efficiency in replacing departing tenants through the use of in-house and third-party vendors’ services for marketing, including calls and presentations to prospective tenants, print advertisements, lease negotiation
and construction of tenant improvements. Our tenants benefit from cost efficiencies produced by our experienced work force, which is attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management. 

 Internal Growth 

 We believe that opportunities will exist to increase cash
flow from our existing properties because they are of high quality and in desirable locations within markets where, in general, the creation of new supply is limited by the lack of available sites and the difficulty of obtaining the necessary
approvals for development on vacant land and financing. Our strategy for maximizing the benefits from these opportunities is three-fold: (1) to provide high-quality property management services using our employees in order to encourage tenants
to renew, expand and relocate in our properties, (2) to achieve speed and transaction cost efficiency in replacing departing tenants through the use of in-house services for marketing, lease negotiation and construction of tenant improvements
and (3) to work with new or existing tenants with space expansion or contraction needs maximizing the cash flow from our assets. We expect to continue our internal growth as a result of our ability to: 

 • 

 Cultivate existing submarkets and long-term relationships with credit tenants. In choosing locations for our properties, we have paid particular
attention to transportation and commuting patterns, physical environment, adjacency to established business centers, proximity to sources of business growth and other local factors. 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 The average lease term of our in-place leases, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was
approximately 6.9 years at December 31, 2012 and we continue to cultivate long-term leasing relationships with a diverse base of high-quality, financially stable tenants. Based on leases in place at December 31, 2012, leases with respect
to approximately 4.0% of the total square feet in our portfolio (excluding 601 Massachusetts Avenue, which will be removed from service for redevelopment in 2013), including unconsolidated joint ventures, will expire in calendar year 2013.

 • 

 Directly manage properties to maximize the potential for tenant retention. We provide property management services ourselves, rather than
contracting for this service, to maintain awareness of and responsiveness to tenant needs. We and our properties also benefit from cost efficiencies produced by an experienced work force attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management and
from our continuing programs to assure that our property management personnel at all levels remain aware of their important role in tenant relations. 

 • 

 Replace tenants quickly at best available market terms and lowest possible transaction costs . We believe that we are well-positioned to attract
new tenants and achieve relatively high rental rates as a result of our well-located, well-designed and well-maintained properties, our reputation for high-quality building services and responsiveness to tenants, and our ability to offer expansion
and relocation alternatives within our submarkets. 

 • 

 Extend terms of existing leases to existing tenants prior to expiration . We have also successfully structured early tenant renewals, which have
reduced the cost associated with lease downtime while securing the tenancy of our highest quality credit-worthy tenants on a long-term basis and enhancing relationships. 

 Policies with Respect to Certain Activities 

 The discussion below sets forth certain additional
information regarding our investment, financing and other policies. These policies have been determined by our Board of Directors and, in general, may be amended or revised from time to time by our Board of Directors. 

 Investment Policies 

 Investments in Real Estate or Interests in Real Estate

 Our investment objectives are to provide
quarterly cash dividends to our securityholders and to achieve long-term capital appreciation through increases in the value of Boston Properties, Inc. We have not established a specific policy regarding the relative priority of these investment
objectives. 
 
 We expect to continue to pursue our
investment objectives primarily through the ownership of our current properties, development projects and other acquired properties. We currently intend to continue to invest primarily in developments of properties and acquisitions of existing
improved properties or properties in need of redevelopment, and acquisitions of land that we believe have development potential, primarily in our existing markets of Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC, but also potentially
in new markets. Future investment or development activities will not be limited to a specified percentage of our assets. We intend to engage in such future investment or development activities in a manner that is consistent with the maintenance of
our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In addition, we may purchase or lease income-producing commercial and other types of properties for long-term investment, expand and improve the real estate presently owned or other properties
purchased, or sell such real estate properties, in whole or in part, when circumstances warrant. We do not have a policy that restricts the amount or percentage of assets that will be invested in any specific property, however, our investments may
be restricted by our debt covenants. 
 
 We may also
continue to participate with third parties in property ownership, through joint ventures or other types of co-ownership, including third parties with expertise in mixed-use opportunities. These investments may permit us to own interests in larger
assets without unduly restricting diversification and, therefore, add flexibility in structuring our portfolio. 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 Equity investments may be subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or
such financing or indebtedness as may be incurred in connection with acquiring or refinancing these investments. Debt service on such financing or indebtedness will have a priority over any distributions with respect to our common stock. Investments
are also subject to our policy not to be treated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). 

 Investments in Real Estate Mortgages 

 While our current portfolio consists primarily of, and our business objectives emphasize, equity investments in commercial real estate, we
may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, invest in mortgages and other types of real estate interests consistent with our qualification as a REIT. Investments in real estate mortgages run the risk that one or more borrowers may default
under such mortgages and that the collateral securing such mortgages may not be sufficient to enable us to recoup our full investment. We may invest in participating, convertible or traditional mortgages if we conclude that we may benefit from the
cash flow, or any appreciation in value of the property or as an entrance to the fee ownership. 
 
 Securities of or Interests in Entities Primarily Engaged in Real Estate Activities 

 Subject to the percentage of ownership limitations and gross income and asset tests necessary for our REIT qualification, we also may
invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities. 
 
 Dispositions 

 Our decision to dispose of properties is based upon the periodic review of our portfolio and the determination by the Board of Directors
that such action would be in our best interests. Any decision to dispose of a property will be authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Some holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP, including Mortimer B. Zuckerman, could
incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our properties that differ from the tax consequences to us. Consequently, holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and
timing of any such sale. Such different tax treatment derives in most cases from the fact that we acquired these properties in exchange for partnership interests in contribution transactions structured to allow the prior owners to defer taxable
gain. Generally this deferral continues so long as we do not dispose of the properties in a taxable transaction. Unless a sale by us of these properties is structured as a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code or in
a manner that otherwise allows deferral to continue, recognition of the deferred tax gain allocable to these prior owners is generally triggered by a sale. Some of our assets are subject to tax protection agreements, which may limit our ability to
dispose of the assets or require us to pay damages to the prior owners in the event of a taxable sale. 
 
 Financing Policies 
 
 The agreement of limited partnership of BPLP and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur. We do not have a policy limiting the
amount of indebtedness that we may incur. However, our mortgages, credit facilities and unsecured debt securities contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness. We have not established any
limit on the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any single property or on our portfolio as a whole. 

 Our Board of Directors will consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding the
incurrence of indebtedness, including the purchase price of properties to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing, the entering into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and
other interest rate hedging contracts and the ability of particular properties and BPLP as a whole to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 Policies with Respect to Other Activities 

 As the sole general partner of BPLP, we have the authority
to issue additional common and preferred units of limited partnership interest of BPLP. We have in the past, and may in the future, issue common or preferred units of limited partnership interest of BPLP to persons who contribute their direct or
indirect interests in properties to us in exchange for such common or preferred units of limited partnership interest in BPLP. We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of securities of issuers other than BPLP and
we do not intend to do so. At all times, we intend to make investments in such a manner as to maintain our qualification as a REIT, unless because of circumstances or changes in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or the Treasury
Regulations), our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to qualify as a REIT. We may make loans to third parties, including, without limitation, to joint ventures in which we participate or in connection with the
disposition of a property. We intend to make investments in such a way that we will not be treated as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Our policies with respect to these and other activities may be reviewed and modified or amended from time
to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Sustainability

 As one of the largest owners and
developers of office properties in the United States, we actively work to promote our growth and operations in a sustainable and responsible manner across our five regions. We focus our sustainability initiatives on the design and construction of
our new developments, the operation of our existing buildings and our internal corporate practices. Our sustainability initiatives are centered on energy efficiency, waste reduction and water preservation, as well as making a positive impact on the
communities in which we conduct business. Through these efforts we demonstrate that operating and developing commercial real estate can be conducted with a conscious regard for the environment while mutually benefiting our tenants, investors,
employees and the communities in which we operate. We provide disclosure on our website to increase the transparency of our sustainability program, which we periodically update with current or additional information. You may access our
sustainability report on our website at http://www.bostonproperties.com under the heading “Sustainability.” 

 Competition 

 We compete in the leasing of office, retail and residential space with a considerable number of other real estate companies, some of which
may have greater marketing and financial resources than are available to us. In addition, our hotel property competes for guests with other hotels, some of which may have greater marketing and financial resources than are available to us and to the
manager of our one hotel, Marriott International, Inc. 
 
 Principal factors of competition in our primary business of owning, acquiring and developing office properties are the quality of properties, leasing terms (including rent and other charges and allowances
for tenant improvements), attractiveness and convenience of location, the quality and breadth of tenant services provided, and reputation as an owner and operator of quality office properties in the relevant market. Additionally, our ability to
compete depends upon, among other factors, trends of the national and local economies, investment alternatives, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective tenants, availability and cost of capital, construction and
renovation costs, taxes, utilities, governmental regulations, legislation and population trends. 
 
 In addition, although not part of our core strategy, we are currently developing one residential property and operate two residential properties and may in the future decide to acquire or develop
additional residential properties. As an owner and operator of apartments, we will also face competition for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose
rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because we have limited experience with
residential properties, we expect to retain third parties to manage our residential properties. 

 13 

 Table of Contents 

 Our Hotel Property 
 
 We operate our hotel property through a taxable REIT subsidiary. The taxable REIT subsidiary, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of BPLP, is the lessee pursuant to a lease for the hotel property. As lessor, BPLP is entitled to a percentage of gross receipts from the hotel property. The hotel lease allows all the economic benefits of ownership to flow to us.
Marriott International, Inc. continues to manage the hotel property under the Marriott name and under terms of the existing management agreements. Marriott has been engaged under a separate long-term incentive management agreement to operate and
manage the hotel on behalf of the taxable REIT subsidiary. In connection with these arrangements, Marriott has agreed to operate and maintain our hotel in accordance with its system-wide standard for comparable hotels and to provide the hotel with
the benefits of its central reservation system and other chain-wide programs and services. Under a management agreement for the hotel, Marriott acts as the taxable REIT subsidiary’s agent to supervise, direct and control the management and
operation of the hotel and receives as compensation base management fees that are calculated as a percentage of the hotel’s gross revenues, and supplemental incentive fees if the hotel exceeds negotiated profitability breakpoints. In addition,
the taxable REIT subsidiary compensates Marriott, on the basis of a formula applied to the hotel’s gross revenues, for certain system-wide services provided by Marriott, including central reservations, marketing and training. During 2012, 2011
and 2010, Marriott received an aggregate of approximately $2.0 million, $2.5 million and $2.2 million, respectively, from our taxable REIT subsidiary. 

 Seasonality 

 Our hotel property traditionally has experienced significant seasonality in its operating income, with the percentage of net operating
income by quarter over the year ended December 31, 2012 shown below. 

 First Quarter 

 Second Quarter 

 Third Quarter 

 Fourth Quarter 

 7% 

 35% 

 25% 

 33% 

 Corporate Governance

 Boston Properties is currently governed by a
ten member Board of Directors. The current members of our Board of Directors are Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Zoë Baird Budinger, Carol B. Einiger, Dr. Jacob A. Frenkel, Joel I. Klein, Douglas T. Linde, Matthew J. Lustig, Alan J.
Patricof, Martin Turchin and David A. Twardock. 

 At the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Charter”) that provides for the annual election of directors. As a result, all directors now stand for election for one-year terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders. 

 On September 11, 2012, Lawrence S. Bacow resigned as our
Director to devote more time to his other interests. Mr. Bacow has confirmed to our Board of Directors that his resignation was not due to a disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

 On January 24, 2013, Joel I. Klein was appointed as a
director to serve until the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors also appointed Mr. Klein to its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

 14 

 Table of Contents 

 Our Board of Directors has Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committees. The membership of each of these committees is described below. 

 Name of Director 

 Audit 

 Compensation 

 Nominating 
 and 
 Corporate 
 Governance 

 Zoë Baird Budinger 

 X* 

 Carol B. Einiger 

 X 

 Dr. Jacob A. Frenkel 

 X 

 Joel I. Klein 

 X 

 Alan J. Patricof 

 X* 

 X 

 David A. Twardock 

 X 

 X* 

 X 

 X=Committee
member, *=Chair 

 • 

 Our Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. The Audit Committee
is comprised of three (3) independent directors. The Compensation Committee is comprised of two (2) independent directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four (4) independent directors. A copy of
each of these charters is available on our website at http://www.bostonproperties.com under the heading “Corporate Governance” and subheading “Committees and Charters.” 

 • 

 Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.bostonproperties.com
under the heading “Corporate Governance” and subheading “Governance Guidelines.” 

 • 

 Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which governs business decisions made and actions taken by our directors,
officers and employees. A copy of this code is available on our website at http://www.bostonproperties.com under the heading “Corporate Governance” and subheading “Code of Conduct and Ethics.” We intend to disclose on this
website any amendment to, or waiver of, any provisions of this Code applicable to our directors and executive officers that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange.

 • 

 Our Board of Directors has established an ethics reporting system that employees may use to anonymously report possible violations of the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, including concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, by telephone or over the internet. 

 New U.S. Income Tax Legislation 

 Pursuant to recently enacted legislation, as of
January 1, 2013, (1) the maximum tax rate on “qualified dividend income” for individuals is 20%, (2) the maximum tax rate on long-term capital gain for individuals is 20%, (3) the highest marginal individual income tax
rate is 39.6%, and (4) the backup withholding rate remains at 28%. Such legislation also temporarily (through 2013) reduces to five years the ten-year recognition period applicable to gain recognized on the disposition of an asset acquired from
a C corporation in a carryover basis transaction, as well as makes permanent certain federal income tax provisions that were scheduled to expire on December 31, 2012. 

 In addition, the effective date for U.S. withholding taxes
that may apply, in certain circumstances, under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, on the gross proceeds from the sale of our stock or notes or the Operating Partnership’s notes has been extended from payments after December 31, 2014
to payments after December 31, 2016. 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors. 

 Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. We refer to the shares of our common stock and the units
of limited partnership interest in BPLP together as our “securities,” and the investors who own shares or units, or both, as our “securityholders.” This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the
explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 48. 
 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry. 

 Our economic performance and the value of our real estate
assets, and consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to
pay distributions to our securityholders will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income generated by our properties: 

 • 

 downturns in the national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in unemployment); 

 • 

 competition from other office, hotel, commercial and residential buildings; 

 • 

 local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for office, hotel, commercial or residential space;

 • 

 changes in interest rates and availability of financing; 

 • 

 vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; 

 • 

 changes in space utilization by our tenants due to technology, economic conditions and business culture; 

 • 

 increased operating costs, including insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes and heightened security costs;

 • 

 civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters, or terrorist acts or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses;

 • 

 significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs which are
generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a property; 

 • 

 declines in the financial condition of our tenants and our ability to collect rents from our tenants; and 

 • 

 decreases in the underlying value of our real estate. 

 We are dependent upon the economic climates of our markets—Boston,
New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC. 
 
 Substantially all of our revenue is derived from properties located in five markets: Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC. A downturn in the economies of these markets, or the
impact that a downturn in the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in reduced demand for office space. Because our portfolio consists primarily of office buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate
portfolio), a decrease in demand for office space in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, there are submarkets within our markets that are dependent upon a limited number of industries. For example, in our Washington,
DC market we focus on leasing office properties to governmental agencies and contractors, as well as legal firms. A reduction in spending by the federal government, either resulting from sequestration or the annual budgetary process, could result in
reduced demand for office space and adversely effect our results of operations, In addition, in our New York market we have historically leased properties to financial, legal and other professional firms. A significant downturn in one or more of
these sectors could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 In addition, a significant economic downturn over a period of time could result in an event
or change in circumstances that results in an impairment in the value of our properties or our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset (1) is not recoverable over
its expected holding period and (2) exceeds its fair value. There can be no assurance that we will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets or investments. Any future impairment could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 
 
 Our investment in property development may be more costly than anticipated. 

 We intend to continue to develop and substantially renovate office and residential properties. Our current and future development and
construction activities may be exposed to the following risks: 

 • 

 we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties because we cannot obtain financing on favorable terms or at all;

 • 

 we may incur construction costs for a development project that exceed our original estimates due to increases in interest rates and increased
materials, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make completion of the project less profitable because market rents may not increase sufficiently to compensate for the increase in construction costs; 

 • 

 we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, and other governmental permits and
authorizations, which could result in increased costs and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project; 

 • 

 we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore them and as a result we may lose deposits or fail to recover expenses already
incurred; 

 • 

 we may expend funds on and devote management’s time to projects which we do not complete; 

 • 

 we may be unable to complete construction and/or leasing of a property on schedule; and 

 • 

 we may suspend development projects after construction has begun due to changes in economic conditions or other factors, and this may result in the
write-off of costs, payment of additional costs or increases in overall costs when the development project is restarted. 

 Investment returns from our developed properties may be less than anticipated. 
 
 Our developed properties may be exposed to the following risks: 

 • 

 we may lease developed properties at rental rates that are less than the rates projected at the time we decide to undertake the development;

 • 

 operating expenses may be greater than projected at the time of development, resulting in our investment being less profitable than we expected; and

 • 

 occupancy rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and
may result in our investments being less profitable than we expected or not profitable at all. 

 We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties. 

 We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other persons
that are known as “mixed-use” developments. This means that in addition to the development of office space, the project may also include space for residential, retail, hotel or other commercial purposes. We have limited experience in
developing and managing non-office and non-retail real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-office or non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party
developer with experience in that use or we may seek 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

to partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those
risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-office and non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to
develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the
other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves (including providing any necessary financing). In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition for prospective residents
from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against
condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because we have limited experience with residential properties, we expect to retain third parties to manage our residential properties. If we decide to not sell or participate in a
joint venture and instead hire a third party manager, we would be dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or
otherwise become unavailable to us. 
 
 We face risks
associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing risk. 

 We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet
required payments of principal and interest. We anticipate that only a small portion of the principal of our debt will be repaid prior to maturity. Therefore, we are likely to need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it
matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or
repaid with proceeds from other sources, such as new equity capital, our cash flow may not be sufficient to repay all maturing debt in years when significant “balloon” payments come due. In addition, we may rely on debt to fund a portion
of our new investments such as our acquisition and development activity. There is a risk that we may be unable to finance these activities on favorable terms or at all. This risk is currently heightened because of tightened underwriting
standards and increased credit risk premiums. These conditions, which increase the cost and reduce the availability of debt, may continue or worsen in the future. 

 We have agreements with a number of limited partners of BPLP
who contributed properties in exchange for partnership interests that require BPLP to maintain for specified periods of time secured debt on certain of our assets and/or allocate partnership debt to such limited partners to enable them to continue
to defer recognition of their taxable gain with respect to the contributed property. These tax protection and debt allocation agreements may restrict our ability to repay or refinance debt. 
 
 Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions and dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to you. 
 
 Our business may be affected by market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, by the local economic conditions in the markets in which our properties
are located, including the continuing impact of high unemployment, and by international economic conditions. These current conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition
and ability to pay distributions as a result of the following, among other potential consequences: 

 • 

 the financial condition of our tenants, many of which are financial, legal and other professional firms, may be adversely affected, which may result in
tenant defaults under leases due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failures or for other reasons; 

 • 

 significant job losses in the financial and professional services industries may occur, which may decrease demand for our office space, causing market
rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 

 18 

 Table of Contents 

 • 

 our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition
and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; 

 • 

 reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties
and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; 

 • 

 the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of
the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other
factors; 

 • 

 one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could fail and we may not be able to replace the
financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all; and 

 • 

 one or more counterparties to our derivative financial instruments could default on their obligations to us, including the capped call transactions we
entered into in connection with our offering of our 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014 and any interest hedging contracts we may enter into from time to time, or could fail, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these
instruments. 

 An increase in interest
rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 As of February 21, 2013, we had no indebtedness, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, that bears
interest at variable rates, but we may incur such indebtedness in the future. If interest rates increase, then so would the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay
principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense.
From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements and other interest rate hedging contracts, including swaps, caps and floors. While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they also
expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements will not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be unenforceable and the underlying
transactions will fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow hedges under guidance included in ASC 815 “Derivatives and Hedging” (formerly known as SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities, as amended”). In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amounts third-parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or
other conditions. 
 
 Covenants in our debt agreements could
adversely affect our financial condition. 

 The mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender,
to further mortgage the applicable property or to discontinue insurance coverage. Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured debt securities and certain secured loans contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to
incur indebtedness, including total debt to asset ratios, secured debt to total asset ratios, debt service coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt, which we must maintain. Our continued ability to borrow under our
credit facilities is subject to compliance with our financial and other covenants. In addition, our failure to comply with such covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt agreement, and we may then be required to repay such debt with
capital from other sources. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. Additionally, in the future our ability to satisfy current or prospective lenders’ insurance
requirements may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage against acts of terrorism or losses resulting from earthquakes than is available to us in the marketplace or on commercially reasonable terms.

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 We rely on debt financing, including borrowings under our unsecured credit facility,
issuances of unsecured debt securities and debt secured by individual properties, to finance our existing portfolio, our acquisition and development activities and for working capital. If we are unable to obtain debt financing from these or other
sources, or to refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected. If we breach covenants in our debt agreements, the lenders can declare a default and, if the debt is
secured, can take possession of the property securing the defaulted loan. In addition, our unsecured debt agreements contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the unsecured lenders the right to
declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. Defaults under our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional
financing or affect the market price of our common stock or debt securities. 
 
 On February 21, 2013, our total consolidated debt was approximately $8.9 billion (i.e., excluding unconsolidated joint venture debt). Consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization
ratio, defined as total consolidated debt as a percentage of the market value of our outstanding equity securities plus our total consolidated debt, is a measure of leverage commonly used by analysts in the REIT sector. Our total consolidated market
capitalization was approximately $26.9 billion at February 21, 2013. Total consolidated market capitalization was calculated using the closing stock price of $105.46 per common share and the following: (1) 151,639,342 shares of our common
stock, (2) 16,050,062 outstanding common units of limited partnership interest in Boston Properties Limited Partnership (excluding common units held by us), (3) an aggregate of 1,307,083 common units issuable upon conversion of all
outstanding Series Two Preferred Units of partnership interest in Boston Properties Limited Partnership, (4) an aggregate of 1,451,534 common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding LTIP Units, assuming all conditions have been met
for the conversion of the LTIP Units, (5) 1,221,527 Series Four Preferred Units of partnership interest multiplied by the fixed liquidation preference of $50 per unit and (6) our consolidated debt totaling approximately $8.9 billion. The
calculation of total consolidated market capitalization does not include 400,000 2011 OPP Units, 400,000 2012 OPP Units and 280,000 MYLTIP Units because, unlike other LTIP Units, they are not earned until certain return thresholds are achieved. Our
total consolidated debt, which excludes debt collateralized by our unconsolidated joint ventures, at February 21, 2013 represented approximately 33.03% of our total consolidated market capitalization. This percentage will fluctuate with changes
in the market price of our common stock and does not necessarily reflect our capacity to incur additional debt to finance our activities or our ability to manage our existing debt obligations. However, for a company like ours, whose assets are
primarily income-producing real estate, the consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio may provide investors with an alternate indication of leverage, so long as it is evaluated along with other financial ratios and the
various components of our outstanding indebtedness. 

 Our degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
development or other general corporate purposes. Our senior unsecured debt is currently rated investment grade by the three major rating agencies. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this rating, and in the event our
senior debt is downgraded from its current rating, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and/or difficulty in obtaining additional financing. Our degree of leverage could also make us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy
generally. There is a risk that changes in our debt to market capitalization ratio, which is in part a function of our stock price, or our ratio of indebtedness to other measures of asset value used by financial analysts may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our equity or debt securities. 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 We face risks associated with property acquisitions. 

 We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to
pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following
risks: 

 • 

 even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, we may be unable to complete that acquisition after making a non-refundable deposit and
incurring certain other acquisition-related costs; 

 • 

 we may be unable to obtain or assume financing for acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; 

 • 

 acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; 

 • 

 the actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be greater than our estimates; 

 • 

 the acquisition agreement will likely contain conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction or other
conditions that are not within our control, which may not be satisfied; 

 • 

 acquired properties may be located in new markets, either within or outside the United States, where we may face risks associated with a lack of market
knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; 

 • 

 we may acquire real estate through the acquisition of the ownership entity subjecting us to the risks of that entity; and 

 • 

 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing
operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire properties through the acquisition of first mortgage or mezzanine
debt. Investments in these loans must be carefully structured to ensure that we satisfy the various asset and income requirements applicable to REITs. If we fail to structure any such acquisition properly, we could fail to qualify as a
REIT. In addition, acquisitions of first mortgage or mezzanine loans subject us to the risks associated with the borrower’s default, including potential bankruptcy, and there may be significant delays and costs associated with the process
of foreclosure on collateral securing or supporting these investments. There can be no assurance that we would recover any or all of our investment in the event of such a default or bankruptcy. 

 We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire
properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP. This acquisition structure has the effect, among others, of reducing the amount of tax depreciation we can deduct
over the tax life of the acquired properties, and typically requires that we agree to protect the contributors’ ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the
allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 

 Any future international activities will be subject to special risks
and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. 
 
 We have underwritten, and in the future may acquire, properties, portfolios of properties or interests in real-estate related entities on a strategic or selective basis in international markets that are
new to us. If we acquire properties or platforms located in these markets, we will face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge and understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with
local laws and government and permitting procedures. In addition, our international operations will be subject to the usual risks of doing business abroad such as possible revisions in tax treaties or other laws and regulations,

 21 

 Table of Contents 

including those governing the taxation of our international income, restrictions on the transfer of funds and uncertainty over terrorist activities. We cannot predict the likelihood that any of
these developments may occur. Further, we may in the future enter into agreements with non-U.S. entities that are governed by the laws of, and are subject to dispute resolution in the courts of, another country or region. We cannot accurately
predict whether such a forum would provide us with an effective and efficient means of resolving disputes that may arise. 

 Investments in international markets may also subject us to risks associated with funding increasing headcount, integrating new offices,
and establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations of new offices and to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign laws and regulations. 

 We may be subject to risks from potential fluctuations in exchange
rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of the other countries in which we invest. 

 If we invest in countries where the U.S. dollar is not the national currency, we will be subject to international currency risks from
the potential fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of those other countries. A significant depreciation in the value of the currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may
materially affect our results of operations. We may attempt to mitigate any such effects by borrowing in the currency of the country in which we are investing and, under certain circumstances, by hedging exchange rate fluctuations; however, access
to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all, in certain locations. For leases denominated in international currencies, we may use derivative financial instruments to manage the international currency exchange risk.
We cannot assure you, however, that our efforts will successfully neutralize all international currency risks. 
 
 Acquired properties may expose us to unknown liability. 

 We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or
other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our
results of operations and cash flow. Unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: 

 • 

 liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination; 

 • 

 claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties; 

 • 

 liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and 

 • 

 claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties.

 Competition for acquisitions may result
in increased prices for properties. 
 
 We
plan to continue to acquire properties as we are presented with attractive opportunities. We may face competition for acquisition opportunities with other investors, and this competition may adversely affect us by subjecting us to the following
risks: 

 • 

 we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate investors, including publicly traded and
private REITs, institutional investment funds and other real estate investors; and 

 • 

 even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price.

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments.

 In appropriate circumstances, we intend
to develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of these structures. We currently have thirteen joint ventures that are not consolidated with our financial statements. Our share
of the aggregate revenue of these joint ventures represented approximately 14.3% of our total revenue (the sum of our total consolidated revenue and our share of such joint venture revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our
participation in joint ventures is subject to the risks that: 

 • 

 we could become engaged in a dispute with any of our joint venture partners that might affect our ability to develop or operate a property;

 • 

 our joint ventures are subject to debt and in the current credit markets the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls;

 • 

 our joint venture partners may default on their obligations necessitating that we fulfill their obligation ourselves; 

 • 

 our joint venture partners may have different objectives than we have regarding the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of
properties; 

 • 

 our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest;

 • 

 our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest; and 

 • 

 our joint ventures may be unable to repay any amounts that we may loan to it. 

 Our properties face significant competition. 

 We face significant competition from developers, owners and
operators of office and residential properties and other commercial real estate, including sublease space available from our tenants. Substantially all of our properties face competition from similar properties in the same market. This competition
may affect our ability to attract and retain tenants and may reduce the rents we are able to charge. These competing properties may have vacancy rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing to lease available
space at lower rates than the space in our properties. 
 
 We
face potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space. 
 
 We derive most of our income from rent received from our tenants. If a tenant experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments.
Also, when our tenants decide not to renew their leases or terminate early, we may not be able to re-let the space. Even if tenants decide to renew or lease new space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations
or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. As a result, our cash flow could decrease and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders could be adversely affected. 

 We face potential adverse effects from major tenants’ bankruptcies
or insolvencies. 
 
 The bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major tenant may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. Our tenants could file for bankruptcy protection or become insolvent in the future. We cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. On the other
hand, a bankrupt tenant may reject and terminate its lease with us. In such case, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid and future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually
owed under the lease, and, even so, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 We may have difficulty selling our properties, which may limit our flexibility. 

 Properties like the ones that we own could be difficult to
sell. This may limit our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, federal tax laws limit our ability to sell properties and this may affect our ability to sell properties without
adversely affecting returns to our securityholders. These restrictions reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our ability to dispose of some of our properties is
constrained by their tax attributes. Properties which we developed and have owned for a significant period of time or which we acquired through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP often have low tax
bases. Furthermore, as a REIT, we may be subject to a 100% “prohibited transactions” tax on the gain from dispositions of property if we are deemed to hold the property primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business,
unless the disposition qualifies under a safe harbor exception for properties that have been held for at least two years and with respect to which certain other requirements are met. The potential application of the prohibited
transactions tax could cause us to forego potential dispositions of property or other opportunities that might otherwise be attractive to us, or to undertake such dispositions or other opportunities through a taxable REIT subsidiary, which would
generally result in income taxes being incurred. If we dispose of these properties outright in taxable transactions, we may be required to distribute a significant amount of the taxable gain to our securityholders under the requirements of the
Internal Revenue Code for REITs, which in turn would impact our cash flow and increase our leverage. In some cases, without incurring additional costs we may be restricted from disposing of properties contributed in exchange for our partnership
interests under tax protection agreements with contributors. To dispose of low basis or tax-protected properties efficiently we from time to time use like-kind exchanges, which qualify for non-recognition of taxable gain, but can be difficult to
consummate and result in the property for which the disposed assets are exchanged inheriting their low tax bases and other tax attributes (including tax protection covenants). 

 Because we own a hotel property, we face the risks associated with the
hospitality industry. 
 
 The following
factors, among others, are common to the hotel industry, and may reduce the receipts generated by our hotel property: 

 • 

 our hotel property competes for guests with other hotels, a number of which have greater marketing and financial resources than our hotel-operating
business partners; 

 • 

 if there is an increase in operating costs resulting from inflation and other factors, our hotel-operating business partners may not be able to offset
such increase by increasing room rates; 

 • 

 our hotel property is subject to the fluctuating and seasonal demands of business travelers and tourism; and 

 • 

 our hotel property is subject to general and local economic and social conditions that may affect demand for travel in general, including war and
terrorism. 

 In addition, because
our hotel property is located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it is subject to the Cambridge market’s fluctuations in demand, increases in operating costs and increased competition from additions in supply. 

 We face risks associated with short-term liquid investments.

 We continue to have significant cash
balances that we invest in a variety of short-term investments that are intended to preserve principal value and maintain a high degree of liquidity while providing current income. From time to time, these investments may include (either directly or
indirectly): 

 • 

 direct obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury; 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 • 

 obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies; 

 • 

 taxable municipal securities; 

 • 

 obligations (including certificates of deposit) of banks and thrifts; 

 • 

 commercial paper and other instruments consisting of short-term U.S. dollar denominated obligations issued by corporations and banks;

 • 

 repurchase agreements collateralized by corporate and asset-backed obligations; 

 • 

 both registered and unregistered money market funds; and 

 • 

 other highly rated short-term securities. 

 Investments in these securities and funds are not insured against loss of principal. Under certain circumstances we may be required to
redeem all or part of our investment, and our right to redeem some or all of our investment may be delayed or suspended. In addition, there is no guarantee that our investments in these securities or funds will be redeemable at par value. A decline
in the value of our investment or a delay or suspension of our right to redeem may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

 Failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust would cause us to
be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of dividends. 

 If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be taxed as a corporation unless certain relief provisions apply.
We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT and intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as such, or that we will remain qualified as such in
the future. This is because qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code as to which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the
determination of facts and circumstances not entirely within our control. Future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to
qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 

 In addition, we currently hold certain of our properties through subsidiaries that have elected to be taxed as REITs and we may in the
future determine that it is in our best interests to hold one or more of our other properties through one or more subsidiaries that elect to be taxed as REITs. If any of these subsidiaries fails to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes,
then we may also fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT then, unless certain relief provisions apply, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for payment of dividends for each of
the years involved because: 

 • 

 we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at
regular corporate rates; 

 • 

 we also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and 

 • 

 unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the
year during which we were disqualified. 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT and the relief provisions do not apply, we will
no longer be required to pay dividends. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it would adversely affect the value of our common stock. If we fail to
qualify as a REIT but are eligible for certain relief provisions, then we may retain our status as a REIT but may be required to pay a penalty tax, which could be substantial. 

 In order to maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds
during unfavorable market conditions. 
 
 In
order to maintain our REIT status, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the REIT distribution requirements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. To qualify as REIT, we generally
must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid by us in any calendar year
are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. We may need short-term debt or long-term debt or proceeds from asset sales, creation of joint ventures or
sales of common stock to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the
creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. The inability of our cash flows to cover our distribution requirements could have an adverse impact on our ability to raise short - and long-term debt or sell equity securities in order
to fund distributions required to maintain our REIT status. 

 Limits on changes in control may discourage takeover attempts beneficial to stockholders. 

 Provisions in our Charter and bylaws, our shareholder rights
agreement and the limited partnership agreement of BPLP, as well as provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and Delaware corporate law, may: 

 • 

 delay or prevent a change of control over us or a tender offer, even if such action might be beneficial to our stockholders; and

 • 

 limit our stockholders’ opportunity to receive a potential premium for their shares of common stock over then-prevailing market prices.

 Stock Ownership Limit

 To facilitate maintenance of our
qualification as a REIT and to otherwise address concerns relating to concentration of capital stock ownership, our Charter generally prohibits ownership, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by any single stockholder of more than 6.6% of the
number of outstanding shares of any class or series of our common stock. We refer to this limitation as the “ownership limit.” Our Board of Directors may waive, in its sole discretion, or modify the ownership limit with respect to one or
more persons if it is satisfied that ownership in excess of this limit will not jeopardize our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In addition, under our Charter each of Mortimer B. Zuckerman and the respective families and affiliates
of Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde, as well as, in general, pension plans and mutual funds, may actually and beneficially own up to 15% of the number of outstanding shares of any class or series of our equity common stock. Shares owned in
violation of the ownership limit will be subject to the loss of rights to distributions and voting and other penalties. The ownership limit may have the effect of inhibiting or impeding a change in control. 

 BPLP’s Partnership Agreement 

 We have agreed in the limited partnership agreement of BPLP
not to engage in specified extraordinary transactions, including, among others, business combinations, unless limited partners of BPLP other than us receive, or have the opportunity to receive, either (1) the same consideration for their
partnership interests as 

 26 

 Table of Contents 

holders of our common stock in the transaction or (2) limited partnership units that, among other things, would entitle the holders, upon redemption of these units, to receive shares of
common equity of a publicly traded company or the same consideration as holders of our common stock received in the transaction. If these limited partners would not receive such consideration, we cannot engage in the transaction unless limited
partners holding at least 75% of the common units of limited partnership interest, other than those held by Boston Properties, Inc. or its affiliates, consent to the transaction. In addition, we have agreed in the limited partnership agreement of
BPLP that we will not complete specified extraordinary transactions, including among others, business combinations, in which we receive the approval of our common stockholders unless (1) limited partners holding at least 75% of the common units
of limited partnership interest, other than those held by Boston Properties, Inc. or its affiliates, consent to the transaction or (2) the limited partners of BPLP are also allowed to vote and the transaction would have been approved had these
limited partners been able to vote as common stockholders on the transaction. Therefore, if our common stockholders approve a specified extraordinary transaction, the partnership agreement requires the following before we can complete the
transaction: 

 • 

 holders of partnership interests in BPLP, including Boston Properties, Inc., must vote on the matter; 

 • 

 Boston Properties, Inc. must vote its partnership interests in the same proportion as our stockholders voted on the transaction; and

 • 

 the result of the vote of holders of partnership interests in BPLP must be such that had such vote been a vote of stockholders, the business
combination would have been approved. 

 As a result of these provisions, a potential acquirer may be deterred from making an acquisition proposal, and we may be prohibited by contract from engaging in a proposed extraordinary transaction,
including a proposed business combination, even though our stockholders approve of the transaction. 
 
 Shareholder Rights Plan 
 
 We have a shareholder rights plan. Under the terms of this plan, we can in effect prevent a person or group from acquiring more than 15% of the outstanding shares of our common stock because, unless we
approve of the acquisition, after the person acquires more than 15% of our outstanding common stock, all other stockholders will have the right to purchase securities from us at a price that is less than their then fair market value. This would
substantially reduce the value and influence of the stock owned by the acquiring person. Our Board of Directors can prevent the plan from operating by approving the transaction in advance, which gives us significant power to approve or disapprove of
the efforts of a person or group to acquire a large interest in our company. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

 As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of our common stock depends on various market conditions that may change from
time to time. Among the market conditions that may affect the value of our common stock are the following: 

 • 

 the extent of investor interest in our securities; 

 • 

 the general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued
by other real estate-based companies; 

 • 

 our underlying asset value; 

 • 

 investor confidence in the stock and bond markets, generally; 

 • 

 national economic conditions; 

 • 

 changes in tax laws; 

 • 

 our financial performance; 

 • 

 changes in our credit ratings; and 

 • 

 general stock and bond market conditions. 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 The market value of our common stock is based primarily upon the market’s perception of
our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash dividends. Consequently, our common stock may trade at prices that are greater or less than our net asset value per share of common stock. If our future earnings or cash
dividends are less than expected, it is likely that the market price of our common stock will diminish. 
 
 Further issuances of equity securities may be dilutive to current securityholders. 

 The interests of our existing securityholders could be diluted if additional equity securities are issued to finance future developments,
acquisitions, or repay indebtedness. Our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt financing, including unsecured lines of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured debt, and equity
financing, including common and preferred equity. 
 
 The
number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect the market price of our stock. 

 In connection with and subsequent to our initial public offering, we have completed many private placement transactions in which shares of
capital stock of Boston Properties, Inc. or partnership interests in BPLP were issued to owners of properties we acquired or to institutional investors. This common stock, or common stock issuable in exchange for such partnership interests in BPLP,
may be sold in the public securities markets over time under registration rights we granted to these investors. Additional common stock issuable under our employee benefit and other incentive plans, including as a result of the grant of stock
options and restricted equity securities, may also be sold in the market at some time in the future. Future sales of our common stock in the market could adversely affect the price of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect the perception in
the market that such sales may occur will have on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We may change our policies without obtaining the approval of our stockholders. 

 Our operating and financial policies, including our policies with respect to acquisitions of real estate, growth, operations,
indebtedness, capitalization and dividends, are exclusively determined by our Board of Directors. Accordingly, our securityholders do not control these policies. 

 Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not
guaranteed. 
 
 We depend on the efforts of
key personnel, particularly Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer, Douglas T. Linde, our President, and Raymond A. Ritchey, Executive Vice President, National Director of Acquisition and Development. Among the
reasons that Messrs. Zuckerman, D. Linde and Ritchey are important to our success is that each has a national reputation, which attracts business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, joint venture partners and
other investors. If we lost their services, our relationships with lenders, potential tenants and industry personnel could diminish. Mr. Zuckerman has substantial outside business interests that could interfere with his ability to devote his
full time to our business and affairs. 
 
 Our Chief
Financial Officer and five Regional Managers also have strong reputations. Their reputations aid us in identifying opportunities, having opportunities brought to us, and negotiating with tenants and build-to-suit prospects. While we believe that we
could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and adversely affect our operations because of diminished relationships with lenders, prospective tenants and industry personnel. 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Conflicts of interest exist with holders of interests in BPLP. 

 Sales of properties and repayment of related indebtedness
will have different effects on holders of interests in BPLP than on our stockholders. 
 
 Some holders of interests in BPLP, including Mr. Zuckerman, could incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our properties and on the repayment of related debt which differ from the
tax consequences to us and our stockholders. Consequently, these holders of partnership interests in BPLP may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale or repayment of debt. While we have exclusive
authority under the limited partnership agreement of BPLP to determine when to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, subject, in the case of certain properties, to the contractual commitments described
below, any such decision would require the approval of our Board of Directors. While the Board of Directors has a policy with respect to these matters, as directors and executive officers, Messrs. Zuckerman and D. Linde could exercise their
influence in a manner inconsistent with the interests of some, or a majority, of our stockholders, including in a manner which could prevent completion of a sale of a property or the repayment of indebtedness. 

 Agreement not to sell some properties. 

 We have entered into agreements with respect to some
properties that we have acquired in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP. Pursuant to those agreements, we have agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer some of our properties, prior to specified dates, in any transaction that would trigger
taxable income and we are responsible for the reimbursement of certain tax-related costs to the prior owners if the subject properties are sold in a taxable sale. In general, our obligations to the prior owners are limited in time and only apply to
actual damages suffered. As of December 31, 2012 there were a total of seven properties subject to these restrictions. In the aggregate, all properties subject to the restrictions accounted for approximately 17% of our total revenue (the sum of
our total consolidated revenue and our share of joint venture revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 BPLP has also entered into agreements providing prior owners of properties with the right to guarantee specific amounts of indebtedness
and, in the event that the specific indebtedness they guarantee is repaid or reduced, additional and/or substitute indebtedness. These agreements may hinder actions that we may otherwise desire to take to repay or refinance guaranteed indebtedness
because we would be required to make payments to the beneficiaries of such agreements if we violate these agreements. 

 Mr. Zuckerman will continue to engage in other activities. 
 
 Mr. Zuckerman has a broad and varied range of investment interests. He could acquire an interest in a
company which is not currently involved in real estate investment activities but which may acquire real property in the future. However, pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Zuckerman will not, in general, have management control over such
companies and, therefore, he may not be able to prevent one or more of such companies from engaging in activities that are in competition with our activities. 

 Compliance or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other safety regulations and requirements could result in substantial
costs. 
 
 The Americans with Disabilities
Act generally requires that public buildings, including office buildings and hotels, be made accessible to disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private
litigants. If, under the Americans with Disabilities Act, we are required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or more of our properties, including the removal of access barriers, it could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations, as well as the amount of cash available for distribution to our securityholders. 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such
as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future
requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow and results of operations. 

 Failure to comply with Federal government contractor requirements could result in substantial costs and loss of substantial revenue.

 We are subject to compliance with a wide
variety of complex legal requirements because we are a Federal government contractor. These laws regulate how we conduct business, require us to administer various compliance programs and require us to impose compliance responsibilities on some
of our contractors. Our failure to comply with these laws could subject us to fines and penalties, cause us to be in default of our leases and other contracts with the Federal government and bar us from entering into future leases and other
contracts with the Federal government. There can be no assurance that these costs and loss of revenue will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations or business. 
 
 Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. 
 
 We carry insurance coverage on our properties of types and in amounts and with deductibles that we believe are
in line with coverage customarily obtained by owners of similar properties. In response to the uncertainty in the insurance market following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the Federal Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (as amended,
“TRIA”) was enacted in November 2002 to require regulated insurers to make available coverage for “certified” acts of terrorism (as defined by the statute). The expiration date of TRIA was extended to December 31, 2014 by
the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (“TRIPRA”) and we can provide no assurance that it will be extended further. Currently, the per occurrence limits of our portfolio property insurance program are $1.0
billion, including coverage for acts of terrorism certified under TRIA other than nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism (“Terrorism Coverage”). We also carry $250 million of Terrorism Coverage for 601 Lexington Avenue,
New York, New York (“601 Lexington Avenue”) in excess of the $1.0 billion of Terrorism Coverage in our property insurance program which is provided by IXP, LLC (“IXP”) as a direct insurer. Certain properties, including the
General Motors Building located at 767 Fifth Avenue in New York, New York (“767 Fifth Avenue”), are currently insured in separate insurance programs. The property insurance program per occurrence limits for 767 Fifth Avenue are $1.625
billion, including Terrorism Coverage, with $1.375 billion of Terrorism Coverage in excess of $250 million being provided by NYXP, LLC, (“NYXP”) as a direct insurer. We also currently carry nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological
terrorism insurance coverage for acts of terrorism certified under TRIA (“NBCR Coverage”), which is provided by IXP, as a direct insurer, for the properties in our portfolio, including 767 Fifth Avenue, but excluding the properties owned
by our Value-Added Fund and certain other properties owned in joint ventures with third parties or which we manage. The per occurrence limit for NBCR Coverage is $1 billion. Under TRIA, after the payment of the required deductible and coinsurance,
the additional Terrorism Coverage provided by IXP for 601 Lexington Avenue, the NBCR Coverage provided by IXP and the Terrorism Coverage provided by NYXP are backstopped by the Federal Government if the aggregate industry insured losses resulting
from a certified act of terrorism exceed a “program trigger.” The program trigger is $100 million and the coinsurance is 15%. Under TRIPRA, if the Federal Government pays out for a loss under TRIA, it is mandatory that the Federal
Government recoup the full amount of the loss from insurers offering TRIA coverage after the payment of the loss pursuant to a formula in TRIPRA. We may elect to terminate the NBCR Coverage if the Federal Government seeks recoupment for losses paid
under TRIA, if there is a change in our portfolio or for any other reason. In the event TRIPRA is not extended beyond December 31, 2014, (i) we may pursue alternative approaches to secure coverage for acts of terrorism thereby potentially
increasing our overall cost of insurance, (ii) if such insurance is not available at commercially reasonable rates with limits equal to our current coverage or at all, we may not continue to have full occurrence limit coverage for acts of
terrorism, (iii) we may not satisfy the insurance requirements under existing or future debt financings secured by individual properties and (iv) we 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

may not be able to obtain future debt financings secured by individual properties. We intend to continue to monitor the scope, nature and cost of available terrorism insurance and maintain
terrorism insurance in amounts and on terms that are commercially reasonable. 
 
 We also currently carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas known to be subject to earthquakes in an amount and subject to self-insurance that we believe are commercially reasonable.
In addition, this insurance is subject to a deductible in the amount of 5% of the value of the affected property. Specifically, we currently carry earthquake insurance which covers our San Francisco region (excluding 680 Folsom Street) with a $120
million per occurrence limit and a $120 million annual aggregate limit, $20 million of which is provided by IXP, as a direct insurer. In addition, the builders risk policy maintained for the development of 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco includes
a $20 million per occurrence and annual aggregate limit of earthquake coverage. The amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes. In addition, the amount of earthquake coverage could impact our
ability to finance properties subject to earthquake risk. We may discontinue earthquake insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the premiums exceed our estimation of the value of the coverage. 

 IXP, a captive insurance company which is a wholly-owned
subsidiary, acts as a direct insurer with respect to a portion of our earthquake insurance coverage for our Greater San Francisco properties, the additional Terrorism Coverage for 601 Lexington Avenue and our NBCR Coverage. The additional Terrorism
Coverage provided by IXP for 601 Lexington Avenue only applies to losses which exceed the program trigger under TRIA. NYXP, a captive insurance company which is a wholly-owned subsidiary, acts as a direct insurer with respect to a portion of our
Terrorism Coverage for 767 Fifth Avenue. Currently, NYXP only insures losses which exceed the program trigger under TRIA and NYXP reinsures with a third-party insurance company any coinsurance payable under TRIA. Insofar as we own IXP and NYXP, we
are responsible for their liquidity and capital resources, and the accounts of IXP and NYXP are part of our consolidated financial statements. In particular, if a loss occurs which is covered by our NBCR Coverage but is less than the applicable
program trigger under TRIA, IXP would be responsible for the full amount of the loss without any backstop by the Federal Government. IXP and NYXP would also be responsible for any recoupment charges by the Federal Government in the event losses are
paid out and their insurance policies are maintained after the payout by the Federal Government. If we experience a loss and IXP or NYXP are required to pay under their insurance policies, we would ultimately record the loss to the extent of the
required payment. Therefore, insurance coverage provided by IXP and NYXP should not be considered as the equivalent of third-party insurance, but rather as a modified form of self-insurance. In addition, our Operating Partnership has issued a
guarantee to cover liabilities of IXP in the amount of $20.0 million. 
 
 The mortgages on our properties typically contain requirements concerning the financial ratings of the insurers who provide policies covering the property. We provide the lenders on a regular basis with
the identity of the insurance companies in our insurance programs. The ratings of some of our insurers are below the rating requirements in some of our loan agreements and the lenders for these loans could attempt to claim an event of default has
occurred under the loan. We believe we could obtain insurance with insurers which satisfy the rating requirements. Additionally, in the future our ability to obtain debt financing secured by individual properties, or the terms of such financing, may
be adversely affected if lenders generally insist on ratings for insurers or amounts of insurance which are difficult to obtain or which result in a commercially unreasonable premium. There can be no assurance that a deficiency in the financial
ratings of one or more of our insurers will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We continue to monitor the state of the insurance market in general, and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism and California earthquake risk in particular, but we cannot anticipate what
coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in future policy years. There are other types of losses, such as from wars, for which we cannot obtain insurance at all or at a reasonable cost. With respect to such losses and losses from
acts of terrorism, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, if we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated

 31 

 Table of Contents 

future revenues from those properties. Depending on the specific circumstances of each affected property, it is possible that we could be liable for mortgage indebtedness or other obligations
related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition and results of operations. 

 Actual or threatened terrorist attacks may adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and the value of our properties. 

 We have significant investments in large metropolitan
markets that have been or may be in the future the targets of actual or threatened terrorism attacks, including Boston, New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. As a result, some tenants in these markets may choose to relocate their businesses to
other markets or to lower-profile office buildings within these markets that may be perceived to be less likely targets of future terrorist activity. This could result in an overall decrease in the demand for office space in these markets generally
or in our properties in particular, which could increase vacancies in our properties or necessitate that we lease our properties on less favorable terms or both. In addition, future terrorist attacks in these markets could directly or indirectly
damage our properties, both physically and financially, or cause losses that materially exceed our insurance coverage. As a result of the foregoing, our ability to generate revenues and the value of our properties could decline materially. See also
“ —Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. ” 
 
 We face risks associated with our tenants being designated “Prohibited Persons” by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 
 Pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and other laws, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States
Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”) maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned (“Prohibited Persons”). OFAC regulations and other laws prohibit conducting business or engaging in
transactions with Prohibited Persons (the “OFAC Requirements”). Certain of our loan and other agreements require us to comply with OFAC Requirements. We have established a compliance program whereby tenants and others with whom we conduct
business are checked against the OFAC list of Prohibited Persons prior to entering into any agreement and on a periodic basis thereafter. Our leases and other agreements, in general, require the other party to comply with OFAC Requirements. If a
tenant or other party with whom we contract is placed on the OFAC list we may be required by the OFAC Requirements to terminate the lease or other agreement. Any such termination could result in a loss of revenue or a damage claim by the other party
that the termination was wrongful. 
 
 We face possible risks
associated with the physical effects of climate change. 
 
 We cannot assert with certainty whether climate change is occurring and, if so, at what rate. However, the physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our properties,
operations and business. For example, many of our properties are located along the East and West coasts, particularly those in the Central Business Districts of Boston, New York, and San Francisco. To the extent climate change causes changes in
weather patterns, our markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels. Over time, these conditions could result in declining demand for office space in our buildings or our inability to operate the buildings at all.
Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable, increasing the cost of energy and increasing the cost of snow removal at our properties.
There can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations or business. 

 Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. 

 Under federal, state and local environmental laws,
ordinances and regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of releases of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our properties simply because of our current or past ownership or operation of the real
estate. If unidentified environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments, which could adversely affect our cash 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

flow and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders, because: as owner or operator we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in
connection with the contamination; the law typically imposes clean-up responsibility and liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination; even if more than one person may be responsible for the
contamination, each person who shares legal liability under the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs; and governmental entities and third parties may sue the owner or operator of a contaminated site for damages
and costs. 
 
 These costs could be substantial and
in extreme cases could exceed the amount of our insurance or the value of the contaminated property. We currently carry environmental insurance in an amount and subject to deductibles that we believe are commercially reasonable. Specifically, we
carry a pollution legal liability policy with a $10 million limit per incident and a policy aggregate limit of $30 million. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products or the failure to properly remediate contamination may
materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or rent an affected property. In addition, applicable environmental laws create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection
with contamination. Changes in laws, regulations and practices and their implementation increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing at our properties, or increasing the restrictions on the handling, storage or discharge
of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products or other actions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures. 

 Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos and other building materials. For example, laws require
that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos: 

 • 

 properly manage and maintain the asbestos; 

 • 

 notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos; and 

 • 

 undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building.

 Such laws may impose fines and
penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. 

 Some of our properties are located in urban and previously
developed areas where fill or current or historic industrial uses of the areas have caused site contamination. It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental site assessments and asbestos
surveys with respect to our acquisition of properties. These assessments generally include a visual inspection of the properties and the surrounding areas, an examination of current and historical uses of the properties and the surrounding areas and
a review of relevant state, federal and historical documents, but do not involve invasive techniques such as soil and ground water sampling. Where appropriate, on a property-by-property basis, our practice is to have these consultants conduct
additional testing, including sampling for asbestos, for lead in drinking water and, for soil and/or groundwater contamination where underground storage tanks are or were located or where other past site usage creates a potential environmental
problem. Even though these environmental assessments are conducted, there is still the risk that: 

 • 

 the environmental assessments and updates did not identify all potential environmental liabilities; 

 • 

 a prior owner created a material environmental condition that is not known to us or the independent consultants preparing the assessments;

 • 

 new environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were conducted; and 

 • 

 future uses or conditions such as changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in environmental liability for us.

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 Inquiries about indoor air quality may necessitate special investigation and, depending on
the results, remediation beyond our regular indoor air quality testing and maintenance programs. Indoor air quality issues can stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contaminants from indoor or outdoor sources, and biological contaminants such
as molds, pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to chemical or biological contaminants above certain levels can be alleged to be connected to allergic reactions or other health effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. If these
conditions were to occur at one of our properties, we may be subject to third-party claims for personal injury, or may need to undertake a targeted remediation program, including without limitation, steps to increase indoor ventilation rates and
eliminate sources of contaminants. Such remediation programs could be costly, necessitate the temporary relocation of some or all of the property’s tenants or require rehabilitation of the affected property. 

 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber attacks,
cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. 

 We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer
viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption,
particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the
world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing our building systems) and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations
of certain of our tenants. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can
be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain
potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected.
Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 

 A security breach or other significant disruption involving
our IT networks and related systems could: 

 • 

 disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our tenants;

 • 

 result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants, missed reporting deadlines and/or missed permitting deadlines;

 • 

 result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT;

 • 

 result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise
valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

 • 

 result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space;

 • 

 require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 

 • 

 subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or

 • 

 damage our reputation among our tenants and investors generally. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

 Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We did not
obtain new owner’s title insurance policies in connection with properties acquired during our initial public offering. 

 We acquired many of our properties from our predecessors at the completion of our initial public offering in June 1997. Before we acquired
these properties, each of them was insured by a title insurance policy. We did not obtain new owner’s title insurance policies in connection with the acquisition of these properties. To the extent we have financed properties after acquiring
them in connection with the initial public offering, we have obtained new title insurance policies, however, the amount of these policies may be less than the current or future value of the applicable properties. Nevertheless, because in many
instances we acquired these properties indirectly by acquiring ownership of the entity that owned the property and those owners remain in existence as our subsidiaries, some of these title insurance policies may continue to benefit us. Many of these
title insurance policies may be for amounts less than the current or future values of the applicable properties. If there was a title defect related to any of these properties, or to any of the properties acquired at the time of our initial public
offering, that is no longer covered by a title insurance policy, we could lose both our capital invested in and our anticipated profits from such property. We have obtained title insurance policies for all properties that we have acquired after our
initial public offering, however, these policies may be for amounts less than the current or future values of the applicable properties. 

 Because of the ownership structure of our hotel property, we face potential adverse effects from changes to the applicable tax laws.

 We own one hotel property. However,
under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs like us are not allowed to operate hotels directly or indirectly. Accordingly, we lease our hotel property to one of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. As lessor, we are entitled to a percentage of the gross
receipts from the operation of the hotel property. Marriott International, Inc. manages the hotel under the Marriott name pursuant to a management contract with the taxable REIT subsidiary as lessee. While the taxable REIT subsidiary structure
allows the economic benefits of ownership to flow to us, the taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to tax on its income from the operations of the hotel at the federal and state level. In addition, the taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to detailed tax
regulations that affect how it may be capitalized and operated. If the tax laws applicable to taxable REIT subsidiaries are modified, we may be forced to modify the structure for owning our hotel property, and such changes may adversely affect the
cash flows from our hotel. In addition, the Internal Revenue Service, the United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, and we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal tax laws,
regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any of such actions may prospectively or retroactively modify the tax treatment of the taxable REIT subsidiary and, therefore, may adversely affect our after-tax returns from our hotel
property. 
 
 We face possible adverse changes in tax laws.

 From time to time changes in state and
local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an increase in our tax liability. A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we operate may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of such changes. If such
changes occur, we may be required to pay additional taxes on our assets or income. These increased tax costs could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends.

 We face possible state and local tax audits.

 Because we are organized and qualify as
a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income taxes, but is subject to certain state and local taxes. In the normal course of business, certain entities through which we own real estate either have undergone, or are currently undergoing,
tax audits. Although we believe that we have 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

substantial arguments in favor of our positions in the ongoing audits, in some instances there is no controlling precedent or interpretive guidance on the specific point at issue. Collectively,
tax deficiency notices received to date from the jurisdictions conducting the ongoing audits have not been material. However, there can be no assurance that future audits will not occur with increased frequency or that the ultimate result of such
audits will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our operating results, in addition to the reported financial performance of our tenants. 

 Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we
record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainties posed by various initiatives of accounting standard-setting by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission, which create and
interpret applicable accounting standards for U.S. companies, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Proposed
changes include, but are not limited to, changes in lease accounting and the adoption of accounting standards likely to require the increased use of “fair-value” measures. 
 
 These changes could have a material impact on our reported financial condition and results of operations. In
some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in potentially material restatements of prior period financial statements. Similarly, these changes could have a material impact on our tenants’
reported financial condition or results of operations or could affect our tenants’ preferences regarding leasing real estate. 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 36 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 2. 

 Properties. 

 At December 31, 2012, we owned or had interests in 157 properties, totaling approximately 44.4 million net rentable square feet,
including nine properties under construction totaling approximately 2.8 million net rentable square feet. In addition, we had structured parking for approximately 46,833 vehicles containing approximately 15.9 million square feet. Our
properties consisted of (1) 149 office properties, including 132 Class A office buildings, including eight properties under construction, and 17 properties that support both office and technical uses, (2) four retail properties,
(3) one hotel and (4) three residential properties (one of which is under construction). In addition, we own or control 509.3 acres of land for future development. The table set forth below shows information relating to the properties we
owned, or in which we had an ownership interest, at December 31, 2012. Information relating to properties owned by the Value-Added Fund is not included in our portfolio information tables or any other portfolio level statistics because the
Value-Added Fund invests in assets within our existing markets that had deficiencies in property characteristics which provided an opportunity to create value through repositioning, refurbishment or renovation. We therefore believe including such
information in our portfolio tables and statistics would render the portfolio information less useful to investors. Information relating to the Value-Added Fund is set forth separately below. 

 Properties 

 Location 

 % 
 Leased as of 
 December 31, 2012 

 Number 
 of 
 Buildings 

 Net 
 Rentable 
 Square 
 Feet 

 Class A Office 

 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building) (60% ownership) 

 New York, NY 

 95.1 

 % 

 1 

 1,817,438 

 John Hancock Tower 

 Boston, MA 

 97.4 

 % 

 1 

 1,721,633 

 399 Park Avenue 

 New York, NY 

 94.0 

 % 

 1 

 1,708,250 

 601 Lexington Avenue 

 New York, NY 

 98.4 

 % 

 1 

 1,629,868 

 100 Federal Street 

 Boston, MA 

 95.6 

 % 

 1 

 1,265,399 

 Times Square Tower 

 New York, NY 

 99.1 

 % 

 1 

 1,245,817 

 800 Boylston Street—The Prudential Center 

 Boston, MA 

 97.8 

 % 

 1 

 1,228,651 

 599 Lexington Avenue 

 New York, NY 

 98.3 

 % 

 1 

 1,045,128 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 Waltham, MA 

 60.5 

 % 

 4 

 985,334 

 Embarcadero Center Four 

 San Francisco, CA 

 90.0 

 % 

 1 

 936,850 

 111 Huntington Avenue—The Prudential Center 

 Boston, MA 

 97.2 

 % 

 1 

 857,975 

 Embarcadero Center One 

 San Francisco, CA 

 96.8 

 % 

 1 

 833,594 

 Atlantic Wharf Office 

 Boston, MA 

 93.1 

 % 

 1 

 797,877 

 Embarcadero Center Two 

 San Francisco, CA 

 98.0 

 % 

 1 

 779,768 

 Embarcadero Center Three 

 San Francisco, CA 

 98.5 

 % 

 1 

 775,086 

 Capital Gallery 

 Washington, DC 

 90.6 

 % 

 1 

 631,033 

 South of Market 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 3 

 623,665 

 Metropolitan Square (51% ownership) 

 Washington, DC 

 97.8 

 % 

 1 

 588,917 

 125 West 55th Street (60% ownership) 

 New York, NY 

 93.4 

 % 

 1 

 585,316 

 3200 Zanker Road 

 San Jose, CA 

 49.9 

 % 

 4 

 543,900 

 901 New York Avenue (25% ownership) 

 Washington, DC 

 99.8 

 % 

 1 

 539,229 

 Reservoir Place 

 Waltham, MA 

 80.3 

 % 

 1 

 527,980 

 Fountain Square (50% ownership) 

 Reston, VA 

 93.3 

 % 

 2 

 521,536 

 601 and 651 Gateway 

 South San Francisco, CA 

 98.8 

 % 

 2 

 506,271 

 101 Huntington Avenue—The Prudential Center 

 Boston, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 505,389 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 Washington, DC 

 95.0 

 % 

 1 

 458,761 

 One Freedom Square 

 Reston, VA 

 87.4 

 % 

 1 

 436,083 

 Two Freedom Square 

 Reston, VA 

 92.3 

 % 

 1 

 421,142 

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties 

 Location 

 % 
 Leased as of 
 December 31, 2012 

 Number 
 of 
 Buildings 

 Net 
 Rentable 
 Square 
 Feet 

 One Tower Center 

 East Brunswick, NJ 

 47.2 

 % 

 1 

 414,648 

 Market Square North (50% ownership) 

 Washington, DC 

 83.7 

 % 

 1 

 409,890 

 140 Kendrick Street 

 Needham, MA 

 84.2 

 % 

 3 

 380,987 

 One and Two Discovery Square 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 2 

 366,990 

 Weston Corporate Center 

 Weston, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 356,995 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 New York, NY 

 54.6 

 % 

 1 

 355,598 

 505 9th Street, N.W. (50% ownership) 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 321,943 

 One Reston Overlook 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 319,519 

 1333 New Hampshire Avenue 

 Washington, DC 

 99.5 

 % 

 1 

 315,371 

 Waltham Weston Corporate Center 

 Waltham, MA 

 93.2 

 % 

 1 

 306,687 

 230 CityPoint 

 Waltham, MA 

 68.9 

 % 

 1 

 300,993 

 Wisconsin Place Office 

 Chevy Chase, MD 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 299,186 

 540 Madison Avenue (60% ownership) 

 New York, NY 

 66.0 

 % 

 1 

 293,628 

 One Patriots Park (formerly 12310 Sunrise Valley) 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 267,531 

 Quorum Office Park 

 Chelmsford, MA 

 82.5 

 % 

 2 

 267,527 

 Reston Corporate Center 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 2 

 261,046 

 Democracy Tower 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 259,441 

 611 Gateway 

 South San Francisco, CA 

 81.0 

 % 

 1 

 257,664 

 New Dominion Technology Park—Building Two 

 Herndon, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 257,400 

 200 West Street 

 Waltham, MA 

 80.5 

 % 

 1 

 256,245 

 1330 Connecticut Avenue 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 252,136 

 500 E Street, S. W. 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 248,336 

 Five Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 240,480 

 New Dominion Technology Park—Building One 

 Herndon, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 235,201 

 510 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 234,160 

 One Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 95.8 

 % 

 1 

 215,629 

 601 Massachusetts Avenue (1) 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 211,000 

 77 CityPoint 

 Waltham, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 209,707 

 Sumner Square 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 208,892 

 1301 New York Avenue 

 Washington, DC 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 201,281 

 Four Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 200,567 

 University Place 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 195,282 

 North First Business Park (1) 

 San Jose, CA 

 87.2 

 % 

 5 

 190,636 

 One Preserve Parkway 

 Rockville, MD 

 92.7 

 % 

 1 

 183,612 

 Three Patriots Park (formerly 12290 Sunrise Valley) 

 Reston, VA 

 0.0 

 % 

 1 

 182,424 

 2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard 

 Rockville, MD 

 67.9 

 % 

 1 

 178,906 

 Eight Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 177,226 

 Lexington Office Park 

 Lexington, MA 

 82.7 

 % 

 2 

 166,759 

 210 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 94.4 

 % 

 1 

 162,372 

 206 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 161,763 

 191 Spring Street 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 158,900 

 303 Almaden 

 San Jose, CA 

 91.5 

 % 

 1 

 158,499 

 Kingstowne Two 

 Alexandria, VA 

 96.9 

 % 

 1 

 156,251 

 Ten Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 152,664 

 10 & 20 Burlington Mall Road 

 Burlington, MA 

 75.9 

 % 

 2 

 152,229 

 Kingstowne One 

 Alexandria, VA 

 83.5 

 % 

 1 

 151,195 

 214 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 65.1 

 % 

 1 

 150,774 

 212 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 57.8 

 % 

 1 

 150,395 

 506 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 74.8 

 % 

 1 

 145,213 

 38 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties 

 Location 

 % 
 Leased as of 
 December 31, 2012 

 Number 
 of 
 Buildings 

 Net 
 Rentable 
 Square 
 Feet 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 Mountain View, CA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 140,042 

 Two Reston Overlook 

 Reston, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 134,615 

 202 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 130,582 

 508 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 24.4 

 % 

 1 

 128,684 

 101 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 87.7 

 % 

 1 

 123,659 

 Montvale Center (2) 

 Gaithersburg, MD 

 74.0 

 % 

 1 

 123,630 

 502 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 83.3 

 % 

 1 

 122,460 

 504 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 121,990 

 40 Shattuck Road 

 Andover, MA 

 87.7 

 % 

 1 

 121,216 

 91 Hartwell Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 60.9 

 % 

 1 

 120,458 

 701 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 120,000 

 Annapolis Junction (50% ownership) 

 Annapolis, MD 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 117,599 

 Three Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 109,358 

 201 Spring Street 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 106,300 

 104 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 87.9 

 % 

 1 

 102,886 

 33 Hayden Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 0.0 

 % 

 1 

 80,128 

 Eleven Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 79,616 

 Reservoir Place North 

 Waltham, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 73,258 

 105 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 69,955 

 32 Hartwell Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 69,154 

 302 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 85.4 

 % 

 1 

 64,926 

 195 West Street 

 Waltham, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 63,500 

 100 Hayden Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 55,924 

 181 Spring Street 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 55,792 

 211 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 47,025 

 92 Hayden Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 31,100 

 201 Carnegie Center 

 Princeton, NJ 

 100.0 

 % 

 — 

 6,500 

 Subtotal for Class A Office Properties 

 91.3 

 % 

 124 

 38,740,025 

 Retail 

 Shops at The Prudential Center 

 Boston, MA 

 99.4 

 % 

 1 

 501,246 

 Fountain Square Retail (50% ownership) 

 Reston, VA 

 98.9 

 % 

 1 

 236,676 

 Kingstowne Retail 

 Alexandria, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 88,288 

 Shaws Supermarket at The Prudential Center 

 Boston, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 57,235 

 Subtotal for Retail Properties 

 99.4 

 % 

 4 

 883,445 

 Office/Technical Properties 

 Seven Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 231,028 

 7601 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 103,750 

 7435 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 103,557 

 8000 Grainger Court 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 88,775 

 7500 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 79,971 

 7501 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 75,756 

 Fourteen Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 67,362 

 164 Lexington Road 

 Billerica, MA 

 0.0 

 % 

 1 

 64,140 

 7450 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 62,402 

 7374 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 57,321 

 8000 Corporate Court 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 52,539 

 7451 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 47,001 

 7300 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 32,000 

 39 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties 

 Location 

 % 
 Leased as of 
 December 31, 2012 

 Number 
 of 
 Buildings 

 Net 
 Rentable 
 Square 
 Feet 

 17 Hartwell Avenue 

 Lexington, MA 

 0.0 

 % 

 1 

 30,000 

 453 Ravendale Avenue 

 Mountain View, CA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 29,620 

 7375 Boston Boulevard 

 Springfield, VA 

 100.0 

 % 

 1 

 26,865 

 6601 Springfield Center Drive (1) 

 Springfield, VA 

 37.2 

 % 

 1 

 26,388 

 Subtotal for Office/Technical Properties 

 90.6 

 % 

 17 

 1,178,475 

 Residential Properties 

 Residences on The Avenue (335 units) 

 Washington, DC 

 93.9 

 %(3) 

 1 

 323,050 

 (4) 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf (86 units) 

 Boston, MA 

 97.7 

 %(3) 

 1 

 87,097 

 (5) 

 Subtotal for Residential Properties 

 94.5 

 % 

 2 

 410,147 

 Hotel Property 

 Cambridge Center Marriott (433 rooms) 

 Cambridge, MA 

 78.8 

 %(6) 

 1 

 334,260 

 Subtotal for Hotel Property 

 78.8 

 % 

 1 

 334,260 

 Subtotal for In-Service Properties 

 91.4 

 % 

 148 

 41,546,352 

 Structured Parking (46,833 spaces) 

 15,891,074 

 Properties Under Construction (7) 

 Office: 

 Annapolis Junction Building Six (50% ownership) 

 Annapolis, MD 

 49 

 % 

 1 

 120,000 

 500 North Capitol (30% ownership) 

 Washington, DC 

 82 

 % 

 1 

 232,000 

 Two Patriots Park (formerly12300 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Reston, VA 

 100 

 % 

 1 

 255,951 

 Seventeen Cambridge Center 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100 

 % 

 1 

 195,191 

 Cambridge Center Connector 

 Cambridge, MA 

 100 

 % 

 — 

 42,500 

 Annapolis Junction Building Seven (50% ownership) 

 Annapolis, MD 

 0 

 % 

 1 

 125,000 

 680 Folsom Street 

 San Francisco, CA 

 85 

 % 

 2 

 522,000 

 250 West 55th Street 

 New York, NY 

 46 

 % 

 1 

 989,000 

 Residential: 

 The Avant at Reston Town Center (359 units) 

 Reston, VA 

 N/A 

 1 

 355,668 

 Subtotal for Properties Under Construction 

 66 

 % 

 9 

 2,837,310 

 Total Portfolio 

 157 

 60,274,736 

 (1) 

 Property held for redevelopment as of December 31, 2012. 

 (2) 

 See Note 3, 6 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (3) 

 Represents the Physical Occupancy as of December 31, 2012. Physical Occupancy is defined as the number of occupied units divided by the total number of units,
expressed as a percentage. Note that these amounts are not included in the calculation of the Total Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2012. 

 (4) 

 Includes 49,528 square feet of retail space which is 100% leased as of December 31, 2012. Note that this amount is not included in the calculation of the Total
Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2012. 

 (5) 

 Includes 9,617 square feet of retail space which is 57% leased as of December 31, 2012. Note that this amount is not included in the calculation of the Total
Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2012. 

 (6) 

 Represents the weighted-average room occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2012. Note that this amount is not included in the calculation of the Total
Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2012. 

 (7) 

 Represents percentage leased as of February 21, 2013 and excludes residential space. 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table shows information relating to properties owned through the Value-Added
Fund at December 31, 2012: 

 Property 

 Location 

 % Leased 
 as of 
 December 
 31, 2012 

 Number 
 of 
 Buildings 

 Net 
 Rentable 
 Square 
 Feet 

 Mountain View Research Park 

 Mountain View, CA 

 87.5 

 % 

 16 

 602,199 

 Mountain View Technology Park 

 Mountain View, CA 

 100.0 

 % 

 7 

 135,279 

 Total Value-Added Fund 

 89.8 

 % 

 23 

 737,478 

 Percentage Leased and Average Annualized
Revenue per Square Foot for In-Service Properties 
 
 The following table sets forth our percentage leased and average annualized revenue per square foot on a historical basis for our In-Service Properties. 

 December 31, 
 2008 

 December 31, 
 2009 

 December 31, 
 2010 

 December 31, 
 2011 

 December 31, 
 2012 

 Percentage leased 

 94.5 

 % 

 92.4 

 % 

 93.2 

 % 

 91.3 

 % 

 91.4 

 % 

 Average annualized revenue per square foot(1) 

 $ 

 51.50 

 $ 

 52.84 

 $ 

 53.21 

 $ 

 53.58 

 $ 

 55.43 

 (1) 

 Represents the monthly contractual base rents and recoveries from tenants under existing leases as of December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 multiplied by
twelve. These annualized amounts are before rent abatements and include expense reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date. The aggregate amount of rent abatements per square foot under existing leases as of December 31, 2008, 2009,
2010, 2011 and 2012 for the succeeding twelve month period is $0.52, $0.96, $1.11, $1.10 and $1.17, respectively. 

 Top 20 Tenants by Square Feet 

 Our 20 largest tenants by square feet as of December 31, 2012 were as follows: 

 Tenant 

 Square 
 Feet 

 % of 
 In-Service 
 Portfolio 

 1 

 U.S. Government 

 2,194,298 

 (1) 

 5.38 

 % 

 2 

 Citibank 

 1,018,432 

 (2) 

 2.50 

 % 

 3 

 Bank of America 

 875,718 

 (3) 

 2.15 

 % 

 4 

 Wellington Management 

 707,568 

 1.73 

 % 

 5 

 Kirkland & Ellis 

 639,683 

 (4) 

 1.57 

 % 

 6 

 Biogen 

 577,021 

 1.41 

 % 

 7 

 Genentech 

 568,097 

 1.39 

 % 

 8 

 Ropes & Gray 

 528,931 

 1.30 

 % 

 9 

 O’Melveny & Myers 

 504,902 

 1.24 

 % 

 10 

 Weil Gotshal Manges 

 490,065 

 (5) 

 1.20 

 % 

 11 

 Shearman & Sterling 

 472,808 

 1.16 

 % 

 12 

 Manufacturers Investment (ManuLife) 

 440,974 

 1.08 

 % 

 13 

 State Street Bank and Trust 

 408,552 

 1.00 

 % 

 14 

 Microsoft 

 387,753 

 0.95 

 % 

 15 

 Finnegan Henderson Farabow 

 362,405 

 (6) 

 0.89 

 % 

 16 

 Ann Inc. (fka Ann Taylor Corp.) 

 351,026 

 0.86 

 % 

 17 

 Parametric Technology 

 320,655 

 0.79 

 % 

 18 

 Lockheed Martin 

 316,918 

 0.78 

 % 

 19 

 Mass Financial Services 

 301,668 

 0.74 

 % 

 20 

 Bingham McCutchen 

 301,385 

 0.74 

 % 

 (1) 

 Includes 92,620 and 104,874 square feet of space in properties in which we have a 51% and 50% interest, respectively. 

 41 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 

 Includes 10,080 and 2,761 square feet of space in properties in which we have a 60% and 51% interest, respectively. 

 (3) 

 Includes 50,887 square feet of space in a property in which we have a 60% interest. 

 (4) 

 Includes 248,021 square feet of space in a property in we have a 51% interest. 

 (5) 

 Includes 449,871 square feet of space in a property in we have a 60% interest. 

 (6) 

 Includes 292,548 square feet of space in a property in we have a 25% interest. 

 Tenant Diversification (Gross Rent)* 

 Our tenant diversification as of December 31, 2012 was
as follows: 

 Sector 

 Percentage 
 of Gross 
 Rent 

 Legal Services 

 25% 

 Financial Services—all other 

 15% 

 Financial Services—commercial and investment banking 

 13% 

 Technical and Scientific Services 

 11% 

 Other Professional Services 

 8% 

 Retail 

 7% 

 Government / Public Administration 

 5% 

 Manufacturing / Consumer Products 

 5% 

 Other 

 4% 

 Real Estate and Insurance 

 4% 

 Media / Telecommunications 

 3% 

 * 

 The classification of our tenants is based on the U.S. Government’s North American Industry Classification System (NAICS), which has replaced the Standard
Industrial Classification (SIC) system. 

 Lease Expirations (1)(2) 

 Year of Lease 

 Expiration 

 Rentable 
 Square Feet 
 Subject to 
 Expiring 
 Leases 

 Current 
 Annualized 
 Contractual 
 Rent Under 
 Expiring Leases 
 Without Future 
 Step-Ups(3) 

 Current 
 Annualized 
 Contractual 
 Rent Under 
 Expiring Leases 
 Without Future 
 Step-Ups p.s.f.(3) 

 Current 
 Annualized 
 Contractual 
 Rent Under 
 Expiring Leases 
 With Future 
 Step-Ups(4) 

 Current 
 Annualized 
 Contractual Rent
Under Expiring
Leases With
Future 
 Step-Ups p.s.f.(4) 

 Percentage of 
 Total Square 
 Feet 

 2013 

 1,857,129 

 $ 

 75,577,333 

 $ 

 40.70 

 $ 

 75,930,363 

 $ 

 40.89 

 4.6%(5) 

 2014 

 3,235,225 

 144,772,253 

 44.75 

 147,222,014 

 45.51 

 7.9% 

 2015 

 3,064,207 

 152,890,700 

 49.90 

 157,416,998 

 51.37 

 7.5% 

 2016 

 3,444,083 

 170,843,738 

 49.61 

 176,877,558 

 51.36 

 8.4% 

 2017 

 4,037,373 

 267,922,500 

 66.36 

 277,171,518 

 68.65 

 9.9% 

 2018 

 1,338,577 

 81,907,519 

 61.19 

 87,827,388 

 65.61 

 3.3% 

 2019 

 3,325,267 

 188,940,517 

 56.82 

 202,934,145 

 61.03 

 8.2% 

 2020 

 3,395,989 

 201,203,231 

 59.25 

 219,443,405 

 64.62 

 8.3% 

 2021 

 2,579,190 

 142,877,775 

 55.40 

 169,715,802 

 65.80 

 6.3% 

 Thereafter 

 10,932,359 

 624,482,061 

 57.12 

 729,463,590 

 66.73 

 26.8% 

 (1) 

 Includes 100% of unconsolidated joint venture properties other than properties owned by the Value-Added Fund. Does not include residential units and the hotel. In
addition, 231,792 square feet of leased premises in properties under development is included. 

 42 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 

 Does not include data for leases expiring in a particular year when leases for the same space have already been signed with replacement tenants with future commencement
dates. In those cases, the data is included in the year in which the future lease expires. 

 (3) 

 Represents the monthly contractual base rent and recoveries from tenants under existing leases as of December 31, 2012 multiplied by twelve. This amount reflects
total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date. 

 (4) 

 Represents the monthly contractual base rent under expiring leases with future contractual increases upon expiration and recoveries from tenants under existing leases
as of December 31, 2012 multiplied by twelve. This amount reflects total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date. 

 (5) 

 Includes 211,000 square feet from 601 Massachusetts Avenue, which will be removed from service for redevelopment in 2013. Excluding 601 Massachusetts Avenue, the
percentage of total square feet expiring in 2013 is 4.0%. 

 Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered
by insurance. Management believes that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

 Item 4. 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not Applicable. 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 (a) Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol “BXP.” The high and low sales prices and dividends for the periods indicated in the table below were: 

 Quarter Ended 

 High 

 Low 

 Dividends 
 per common 
 share 

 December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 111.56 

 $ 

 99.23 

 $ 

 0.65 

 September 30, 2012 

 117.00 

 107.52 

 0.55 

 June 30, 2012 

 110.17 

 98.92 

 0.55 

 March 31, 2012 

 107.87 

 96.73 

 0.55 

 December 31, 2011 

 102.32 

 81.52 

 0.55 

 September 30, 2011 

 112.84 

 89.02 

 0.50 

 June 30, 2011 

 108.35 

 93.29 

 0.50 

 March 31, 2011 

 96.59 

 83.90 

 0.50 

 At February 21, 2013, we
had approximately 1,469 stockholders of record. 

 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our taxable
income (not including net capital gains). We have adopted a policy of paying regular quarterly distributions on our common stock, and we have adopted a policy of paying regular quarterly distributions on the common units of BPLP. Cash distributions
have been paid on our common stock and BPLP’s common units since our initial public offering. Distributions are declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and depend on actual and anticipated cash from operations, our financial
condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and other factors the Board of Directors may consider relevant. 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2012, we issued an aggregate of 744,972 shares of common stock
in connection with the redemption of 744,972 common units of limited partnership held by certain limited partners of BPLP. Of these shares, 93,242 were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(2). We relied on the
exception under Section 4(2) based upon factual representations received from the limited partners who received the shares of common stock. 

 Stock Performance Graph 

 The following graph provides a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return for the period from December 31, 2007 through
December 31, 2012, among Boston Properties, the Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. (“NAREIT”) Equity REIT Total Return Index (the
“Equity REIT Index”) and the NAREIT Office REIT Index (the “Office REIT Index”). The Equity REIT Index includes all tax-qualified equity REITs listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ
Stock Market. Equity REITs are defined as those with 75% or more of their gross invested book value of assets invested directly or indirectly in the equity ownership of real estate. The Office REIT Index includes all office REITs included in the
Equity REIT Index. Data for Boston Properties, the S&P 500 Index, the Equity REIT Index and the Office REIT Index was provided to us by NAREIT. Upon written request, Boston Properties will provide any stockholder with a list of the REITs
included in the Equity REIT Index and the Office REIT Index. The stock performance graph assumes an investment of $100 in each of Boston Properties and the three indices, and the reinvestment of any dividends. The historical information set forth
below is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The data shown is based on the share prices or index values, as applicable, at the end of each month shown. 

 44 

 Table of Contents 

 As of the year ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Boston Properties 

 $ 

 100.00 

 $ 

 62.06 

 $ 

 79.14 

 $ 

 104.15 

 $ 

 123.05 

 $ 

 133.58 

 S&P 500 

 $ 

 100.00 

 $ 

 63.00 

 $ 

 79.68 

 $ 

 91.68 

 $ 

 93.61 

 $ 

 108.59 

 Equity REIT Index 

 $ 

 100.00 

 $ 

 62.27 

 $ 

 79.70 

 $ 

 101.98 

 $ 

 110.42 

 $ 

 132.18 

 Office REIT Index 

 $ 

 100.00 

 $ 

 58.93 

 $ 

 79.88 

 $ 

 94.59 

 $ 

 93.87 

 $ 

 107.15 

 (b) None. 

 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. No repurchases
during the fourth quarter. 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 The following table sets forth our selected financial and operating data on a historical basis. Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. In addition, certain prior year amounts have been revised as a result of the adoption on January 1, 2009 of (1) ASC 470-20 “Debt with Conversion and Other Options”
(“ASC 470-20”) (formerly known as FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) No. APB 14-1 “Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement)” (“FSP No. APB
14-1”)) (See Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements), (2) the guidance included in ASC 810 “Consolidation” (“ASC 810”) (formerly known as SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated
Financial Statements—an amendment of ARB No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”)) and ASC 480-10-S99 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity” (“ASC 480-10-S99”) (formerly known as EITF Topic No. D-98
“Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities” (Amended)), (3) the guidance included in ASC 260-10 “Earnings Per Share” (“ASC 260-10”) (formerly known as FSP EITF 03-06-1, “Determining Whether
Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions are Participating Securities” (“FSP EITF 03-06-1”)) (See Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial Statements), and which has been revised for the reclassifications related to the
disposition of qualifying properties during 2012 which have been reclassified as discontinued operations, for the periods presented, in accordance with the guidance in ASC 360 “Property, Plant and Equipment” (“ASC 360”) (formerly
known as SFAS No. 144 “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets” (“SFAS No. 144”)). The following data should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto and
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

 Our historical operating results may not be comparable to our future operating results. 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Statement of Operations Information: 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 1,876,267 

 $ 

 1,751,320 

 $ 

 1,543,310 

 $ 

 1,510,637 

 $ 

 1,462,852 

 Expenses: 

 Rental operating 

 657,363 

 590,224 

 498,154 

 498,061 

 484,488 

 Hotel operating 

 28,120 

 26,128 

 25,153 

 23,966 

 27,510 

 General and administrative 

 82,382 

 79,610 

 79,396 

 75,447 

 72,365 

 Transaction costs 

 3,653 

 1,987 

 2,876 

 — 

 — 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 27,766 

 — 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 453,068 

 436,612 

 335,859 

 319,171 

 301,812 

 Total expenses 

 1,224,586 

 1,134,561 

 934,238 

 944,411 

 886,175 

 Operating income 

 651,681 

 616,759 

 609,072 

 566,226 

 576,677 

 Other income (expense): 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 49,078 

 85,896 

 36,774 

 12,058 

 (182,018 

 ) 

 Interest and other income 

 10,091 

 5,358 

 7,332 

 4,059 

 18,958 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 1,389 

 (443 

 ) 

 935 

 2,434 

 (4,604 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (413,564 

 ) 

 (394,131 

 ) 

 (378,079 

 ) 

 (322,833 

 ) 

 (294,126 

 ) 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 (4,453 

 ) 

 (1,494 

 ) 

 (89,883 

 ) 

 (510 

 ) 

 — 

 Net derivative losses 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (17,021 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 294,222 

 311,945 

 186,151 

 261,434 

 97,866 

 Discontinued operations 

 37,917 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 1,305 

 (483 

 ) 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 2,734 

 11,760 

 33,340 

 Net income 

 332,139 

 313,826 

 190,327 

 274,499 

 130,723 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (42,489 

 ) 

 (41,147 

 ) 

 (31,255 

 ) 

 (43,485 

 ) 

 (25,453 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 $ 

 231,014 

 $ 

 105,270 

 Basic earnings per common share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.71 

 $ 

 1.86 

 $ 

 1.13 

 $ 

 1.75 

 $ 

 0.88 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.22 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 — 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1.93 

 $ 

 1.87 

 $ 

 1.14 

 $ 

 1.76 

 $ 

 0.88 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

 150,120 

 145,693 

 139,440 

 131,050 

 119,980 

 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.70 

 $ 

 1.85 

 $ 

 1.13 

 $ 

 1.75 

 $ 

 0.87 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.22 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 — 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1.92 

 $ 

 1.86 

 $ 

 1.14 

 $ 

 1.76 

 $ 

 0.87 

 Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding 

 150,711 

 146,218 

 140,057 

 131,512 

 121,299 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (in thousands) 

 Balance Sheet information: 

 Real estate, gross 

 $ 

 14,893,328 

 $ 

 13,389,472 

 $ 

 12,764,935 

 $ 

 11,099,558 

 $ 

 10,625,207 

 Real estate, net 

 11,959,168 

 10,746,486 

 10,441,117 

 9,065,881 

 8,856,422 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 1,041,978 

 1,823,208 

 478,948 

 1,448,933 

 241,510 

 Total assets 

 15,462,321 

 14,782,966 

 13,348,263 

 12,348,703 

 10,917,476 

 Total indebtedness 

 8,912,369 

 8,704,138 

 7,786,001 

 6,719,771 

 6,092,884 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 208,434 

 55,652 

 55,652 

 55,652 

 55,652 

 Stockholders’ equity attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 5,097,065 

 4,865,998 

 4,372,643 

 4,446,002 

 3,688,993 

 Equity noncontrolling interests 

 537,789 

 547,518 

 591,550 

 623,057 

 570,112 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (in thousands, except per share and percentage data) 

 Other Information: 

 Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (1) 

 $ 

 741,419 

 $ 

 710,991 

 $ 

 547,356 

 $ 

 618,006 

 $ 

 544,989 

 Dividends declared per share 

 2.30 

 2.05 

 2.00 

 2.18 

 2.72 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities 

 642,949 

 606,328 

 375,893 

 617,376 

 565,311 

 Cash flows used in investing activities 

 (1,278,032 

 ) 

 (90,096 

 ) 

 (1,161,274 

 ) 

 (446,601 

 ) 

 (1,320,079 

 ) 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (146,147 

 ) 

 828,028 

 (184,604 

 ) 

 1,036,648 

 (510,643 

 ) 

 Total square feet at end of year (including development projects and parking) 

 60,275 

 57,259 

 53,557 

 50,468 

 49,761 

 In-service percentage leased at end of year 

 91.4 

 % 

 91.3 

 % 

 93.2 

 % 

 92.4 

 % 

 94.5 

 % 

 (1) 

 Pursuant to the revised definition of Funds from Operations adopted by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, we calculate Funds from Operations, or FFO, by adjusting net
income (loss) attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (computed in accordance with GAAP, including non-recurring items) for gains (or losses) from sales of properties, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate,
impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures, real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after
adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and preferred distributions. FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure. The use of FFO, combined with the required primary GAAP presentations, has been fundamentally beneficial in improving the
understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and making comparisons of REIT operating results more meaningful. Management generally considers FFO to be a useful measure for reviewing our comparative operating and financial
performance because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated
joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures and excluding real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can vary among owners of identical assets in
similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO can help one compare the operating performance of a company’s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. Our computation of FFO may
not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. Amount represents our share, which
was 89.48%, 88.57%, 87.25%, 86.57% and 85.49% for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, after allocation to the noncontrolling interests. 

 FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income
attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of our performance. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and is not a measure of liquidity or
an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO should be compared with our reported net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. and considered in addition to cash flows in
accordance with GAAP, as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 A reconciliation of FFO to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. computed in accordance with GAAP is provided under the heading of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Funds from Operations.” 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7— Management’s 

 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, principally, but not only, under the captions “Business — Business and Growth Strategies,” “Risk Factors” and “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We caution investors that any forward-looking statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, are based on
management’s beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
“may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “result” “should,” “will,” and similar expressions which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected by the forward-looking statements. We caution you that, while
forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to
update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time
they are made, to anticipate future results or trends. 
 
 Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others,
the following: 

 • 

 the continuing impacts of high unemployment and other macroeconomic trends, which are having and may continue to have a negative effect on the
following, among other things: 

 • 

 the fundamentals of our business, including overall market occupancy, tenant space utilization, and rental rates; 

 • 

 the financial condition of our tenants, many of which are financial, legal and other professional firms, our lenders, counterparties to our derivative
financial instruments and institutions that hold our cash balances and short-term investments, which may expose us to increased risks of default by these parties; and 

 • 

 the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured
by our properties or on an unsecured basis; 

 • 

 general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or renew leases, tenant space utilization,
dependence on tenants’ financial condition, and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate); 

 • 

 failure to manage effectively our growth and expansion into new markets and sub-markets or to integrate acquisitions and developments successfully;

 • 

 the ability of our joint venture partners to satisfy their obligations; 

 • 

 risks and uncertainties affecting property development and construction (including, without limitation, construction delays, cost overruns, inability
to obtain necessary permits and public opposition to such activities); 

 • 

 risks associated with the availability and terms of financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including the impact of higher
interest rates on the cost and/or availability of financing; 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 • 

 risks associated with forward interest rate contracts and the effectiveness of such arrangements; 

 • 

 risks associated with downturns in the national and local economies, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets;

 • 

 risks associated with actual or threatened terrorist attacks; 

 • 

 costs of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other similar laws; 

 • 

 potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination; 

 • 

 risks associated with our potential failure to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 

 • 

 possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws; 

 • 

 the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on our accounting policies and on period-to-period comparisons of financial results;

 • 

 risks associated with possible state and local tax audits; and 

 • 

 risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 

 The risks set forth above are not exhaustive. Other sections
of this report, including “Part I, Item 1A—Risk Factors,” include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment.
New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.
Investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and current reports on Form 8-K as we file them with the SEC, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through current reports on Form
8-K or otherwise, for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to
update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events, or otherwise, and you should not rely upon these forward-looking statements after the date of this report. 

 Overview 
 
 We are a fully integrated self-administered and self-managed REIT and one of the largest owners and developers
of Class A office properties in the United States. Our properties are concentrated in five markets — Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC. We generate revenue and cash primarily by leasing our Class A
office space to our tenants. Factors we consider when we lease space include the creditworthiness of the tenant, the length of the lease, the rental rate to be paid, the costs of tenant improvements and other landlord concessions, current and
anticipated operating costs and real estate taxes, our current and anticipated vacancy, current and anticipated future demand for office space and general economic factors. From time to time, we also generate cash through the sale of assets.

 Our core strategy has always been to own, operate
and develop properties in supply-constrained markets with high barriers to entry and to focus on executing long-term leases with financially strong tenants. Historically, this combination has tended to reduce our exposure in down cycles and enhance
revenues as market conditions improve. To be successful in the current leasing environment, we believe all aspects of the tenant-landlord relationship must be considered. In this regard, we believe that our understanding of tenants’ short-
and long-term space utilization and amenity needs in the local markets in which we operate, our relationships with local brokers, our reputation as a premier owner and operator of Class A office properties, our financial strength

 49 

 Table of Contents 

and our ability to maintain high building standards provide us with a competitive advantage. We expect tenants in our markets to continue to take advantage of the ability to upgrade to
high-quality space like ours, particularly those who value our operational expertise and financial stability when making their leasing decisions. 

 Leasing activity in our portfolio during 2012 was strong with approximately 5.6 million square feet of leases signed covering vacant
space, extensions and expansions and pre-leasing for our development projects. With leases covering just 4.0% (excluding 601 Massachusetts Avenue, which will be removed from service for redevelopment) of the space in our portfolio expiring in 2013,
we are well positioned to cover our maturing leases and improve our occupancy. Each of the markets in which we operate has varying degrees of opportunities and challenges as described below: 

 • 

 In the midtown Manhattan market, leasing activity is steady with 12% availability and no visible signs of increasing demand by office space users,
resulting in a competitive leasing environment. Activity in our portfolio is stable with occupancy of 93.7% and little near-term lease expirations. During 2012, we made leasing progress at our 1.0 million square foot development project at 250
West 55 th Street with the signing of a 246,000 square foot
lease, bringing the project to approximately 46% pre-leased with virtually all of the lower floors of the tower leased. We expect the building to open in late 2013. 

 • 

 In our Washington, DC region, the overall leasing activity continues to be slow and public sector and defense contractor demand has been adversely
impacted by continued federal budgetary uncertainty, potential sequestration and the reductions in discretionary spending programs. Our portfolio, however, continues to have stable occupancy at 94.3% with modest rollover /exposure through 2013 of
approximately 4.3% (excluding 601 Massachusetts Avenue, which will be removed from service for redevelopment). In addition, we recently signed a lease for the remaining 182,000 square feet at Three Patriots Park in Reston, Virginia and a 376,000
square foot lease with the anchor tenant for the aforementioned 601 Massachusetts Avenue redevelopment project. 

 • 

 In the Boston region, the expansion of the life sciences and technology industry is positively impacting each of the submarkets in which we operate.
Our assets in the Boston Central Business District (“CBD”) continue to experience demand with tenants committing to space two to three years in advance of their rental needs, while the overall CBD market has a vacancy percentage rate in
the mid-teens, most of which is in low-rise space. The East Cambridge submarket remains healthy with vacancy rates below 10% and rising rental rents. Our Cambridge portfolio is 99% leased with no material expirations until 2014. The suburbs of
Boston along Route 128, where the majority of our suburban assets are located remain stable. Many mid-size and larger users are contemplating leasing more space to handle their organic growth, however, the decision-making process is prolonged and
corporate consolidations have had a dampening effect on the market. Our suburban portfolio is 78% leased with approximately 1.1 million square feet of availability providing an opportunity for us as these users conclude their decision-making
processes. 

 • 

 The San Francisco CBD and Silicon Valley submarkets continue to benefit from business expansion and job growth, particularly in the technology sector,
and are among the strongest in our portfolio. This is evidenced by positive absorption, lower vacancy and increasing rental rents. In mid—October, we formed a joint venture to pursue the acquisition of land in San Francisco, California that can
support the development of Transbay Tower, a 61-story, 1.4 million square foot office tower. In addition, during the first quarter of 2013 we acquired and commenced the development of 535 Mission Street, an approximately 307,000 square foot
first class office building in San Francisco, California, estimated to be completed in 2014. 

 During 2012, leases for approximately 4.0 million square feet of space commenced revenue recognition, including leases for
approximately 3.6 million square feet of second generation space and leases for approximately 433,000 square feet of first generation space, stemming mostly from completion of development projects. Of the approximately 3.6 million
square feet, leases for approximately 648,000 square feet were signed during 2012 and leases for the remainder of this space were signed in prior periods. The second generation leases 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

that commenced revenue recognition during 2012 had an average lease term of approximately 96 months and included an average of approximately 115 days of free rent and total transaction
costs, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions, of approximately $45 per square foot. The starting gross rents for the approximately 3.0 million square feet of second generation leases that had been occupied within the prior
12 months increased on average by approximately 6.95% compared to the ending gross rents from the previous leases for this space. Lease terms are highly dependent on location (i.e., whether the property is in a CBD or suburban location), whether the
lease is a new or renewal lease, and the length of the lease term. Of the approximately 3.6 million square feet of second generation space, approximately 58% of the leases that commenced during 2012 were with new tenants, which tend to
have greater lease transaction costs. 
 
 From
January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013, leases representing approximately 4.0% of the space at our properties expire (excluding 601 Massachusetts Avenue, which will be removed from service for redevelopment). As these leases expire, assuming
no further change in current market rental rates, we expect that the rental rates we are likely to achieve on new leases will generally be approximately equal to the rates currently being paid. 

 We believe the successful lease-up and completion of our
development pipeline will enhance our long-term return on equity and earnings growth as these developments are placed in-service through 2015. In 2013, we expect to fully place in-service Two Patriots Park in Reston, Virginia, 500 North Capitol
Street in Washington, DC, Annapolis Junction Building Six in Annapolis, Maryland, and Seventeen Cambridge Center and the Cambridge Center Connector in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with an aggregate estimated investment of approximately $225 million,
which represents our share. In aggregate, these assets are currently 88% leased. 
 
 During 2012, we were active and completed four acquisitions with a total anticipated investment of $1.4 billion. In addition, we formed a joint venture to pursue the acquisition of land in San Francisco,
California to build the approximately 1.4 million square foot Transbay Tower. We also continue to actively explore acquisition opportunities in each of our markets and in February 2013 acquired 535 Mission Street in San Francisco, California,
an office development project with a total anticipated investment of approximately $215 million. Also in February 2013, we entered into an agreement to purchase the last remaining parcel of land in the urban core of Reston Town Center in Reston,
Virginia for approximately $27 million. The closing is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2013 and is subject to customary closing conditions. The land parcel is commercially zoned for 250,000 square feet of office space. 

 We believe the development of well-positioned office
buildings is justified in many of our submarkets where tenants have shown demand for high-quality construction, modern design, efficient floor plates and sustainable features. Each of our development projects underway is pre-certified USGB LEED
Silver or higher. Our current development pipeline, including 535 Mission Street and 601 Massachusetts Avenue, totals approximately 3.6 million square feet with a total projected investment of approximately $2.3 billion. 

 We maintain substantial liquidity with approximately $800
million in cash balances and approximately $735 million available under our Operating Partnership’s $750 million unsecured line of credit. However, given the funding requirements of our current development pipeline, including 535 Mission Street
and 601 Massachusetts Avenue, with $1.0 billion remaining to be funded through 2015, combined with our share of remaining 2013 expiring debt of approximately $575 million (including the $450 million of 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036, which
are redeemable in May 2013 and excluding the $25.0 million mortgage loan collateralized by Montvale Center, see Note 6), we anticipate accessing the capital markets during 2013 to at a minimum refinance our expiring debt. We are also reviewing our
portfolio and currently expect to raise a significant amount of capital through the sale of select core and non-core assets. The actual amount of capital that we may raise through asset sales will be dependent on market conditions and a variety of
other factors. 
 
 For descriptions of significant
transactions that we completed during 2012, see “ Item 1. Business—Transactions During 2012 .” 

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting
policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time to time, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results,
adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters
that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Real Estate

 Upon acquisitions of real estate, we
assess the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases,
other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities, and allocates the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. We assess and considers fair value based on estimated cash flow
projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that it deems appropriate, as well as available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and
anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. 
 
 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. We also considers an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles,
including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenant’s credit quality and expectations of lease
renewals. Based on its acquisitions to date, our allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has been immaterial. 

 We record acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which reflects the
risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place
lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below—market leases. Other intangible assets acquired include
amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease. Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering
current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods,
depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. 

 Management reviews its long-lived assets for impairment following the end of each quarter and when there is an event or change in
circumstances that indicates an impairment in value. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. If such criteria are present, an impairment loss is recognized based on the
excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ
materially from actual results in future periods. Since cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be held and used” are considered on an 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment
loss. If our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. If we determine that impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to
their fair value. 
 
 Guidance in Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 360 “Property Plant and Equipment” (“ASC 360”) requires that qualifying assets and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as “held for
sale,” be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property operations are expected to be eliminated and we will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale. The components of the property’s
net income that is reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or loss) upon the disposition of the property held for sale, operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured loan). We
generally consider assets to be “held for sale” when the transaction has been approved by our Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the sale, such that a sale of the
property within one year is considered probable. Following the classification of a property as “held for sale,” no further depreciation is recorded on the assets, and the asset is written down to the lower of carrying value or fair market
value. 
 
 Real estate is stated at depreciated cost.
A variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of properties. The cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. We expense costs that we incur to
effect a business combination such as legal, due diligence and other closing related costs. Costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized. Capitalized development costs include interest, internal wages, property taxes,
insurance, and other project costs incurred during the period of development. After the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project that is benefited. Determination of when a development project
commences and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available for occupancy and capitalization must cease, involves a degree of judgment. Our capitalization policy on development properties is
guided by guidance in ASC 835-20 “Capitalization of Interest” and ASC 970 “Real Estate—General.” The costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs. 

 The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs
necessary to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. We begin the capitalization of costs during
the pre-construction period which we define as activities that are necessary to the development of the property. We consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant
improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. We cease capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed, (2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and we capitalize only those costs
associated with the portion under construction or (3) if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 We consolidate variable interest entities (VIE) in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary. VIEs are entities in which the
equity investors do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their endeavors without additional financial support or that the holders of the equity investment at risk do not have a controlling financial interest. The primary beneficiary is
defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest entity’s performance, and (2) the obligation to
absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the variable interest entity that would be significant to the variable interest entity. For ventures that are not VIEs we consolidate entities for which we have significant decision making control
over the ventures’ operations. Our judgment with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity involves the consideration of various factors including the form of our ownership interest, our representation in the entity’s
governance, the size of our investment (including loans), estimates of future cash flows, our ability to participate in policy making decisions and the 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace the us as manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. Our assessment of our influence or
control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in our consolidated financial statements. In addition to evaluating control rights, we consolidate entities in which the outside partner has no substantive kick-out rights to
remove the us as the managing member. 
 
 Accounts of
the consolidated entity are included in the our accounts and the non-controlling interest is reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of equity or in temporary equity between liabilities and equity. Investments in Unconsolidated
Joint Ventures are recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on the balance sheet and the underlying equity
in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over the life of the related asset. Under the equity method of accounting, our net equity investment is reflected within the Consolidated Balance
Sheets, and our share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The joint venture agreements may designate different percentage allocations among investors for profits and losses;
however, our recognition of joint venture income or loss generally follows the joint venture’s distribution priorities, which may change upon the achievement of certain investment return thresholds. We may account for cash distributions in
excess of its investment in an unconsolidated joint venture as income when we are not the general partner in a limited partnership and when we have neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture. Our
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for impairment periodically and we record impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair values below the carrying values has occurred and such
decline is other-than-temporary. The ultimate realization of the investment in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of each investment and market conditions. We will record an impairment charge
if it determines that a decline in the value below the carrying value of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other than temporary. 

 To the extent that we contribute assets to a joint venture, our investment in the joint venture is recorded at our cost basis in the
assets that were contributed to the joint venture. To the extent that our cost basis is different than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in our share of
equity in net income of the joint venture. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 970-323 “Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures” (“ASC 970-323”) (formerly Statement of Position 78-9 “Accounting for Investments in
Real Estate Ventures” (“SOP 78-9”)), we will recognize gains on the contribution of real estate to joint ventures, relating solely to the outside partner’s interest, to the extent the economic substance of the transaction is a
sale. 
 
 The combined summarized financial
information of the unconsolidated joint ventures is disclosed in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Contractual rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of our respective leases. We recognize rental revenue of acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market”
leases at their fair values over the terms of the respective leases. Accrued rental income as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets represents rental income recognized in excess of rent payments actually received pursuant to the terms of the
individual lease agreements. 
 
 For the year ended
December 31, 2012, the impact of the net adjustments of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases increased rental revenue by approximately $14.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of the
straight-line rent adjustment increased rental revenue by approximately $77.6 million. Those amounts exclude the adjustment of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases and straight-line income from unconsolidated joint
ventures, which are disclosed in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 Our leasing strategy is generally to secure creditworthy tenants that meet our underwriting
guidelines. Furthermore, following the initiation of a lease, we continue to actively monitor the tenant’s creditworthiness to ensure that all tenant related assets are recorded at their realizable value. When assessing tenant credit quality,
we: 

 • 

 review relevant financial information, including: 

 • 

 financial ratios; 

 • 

 net worth; 

 • 

 revenue; 

 • 

 cash flows; 

 • 

 leverage; and 

 • 

 liquidity; 

 • 

 evaluate the depth and experience of the tenant’s management team; and 

 • 

 assess the strength/growth of the tenant’s industry. 

 As a result of the underwriting process, tenants are then
categorized into one of three categories: 

 (1) 

 low risk tenants; 

 (2) 

 the tenant’s credit is such that we require collateral, in which case we: 

 • 

 require a security deposit; and/or 

 • 

 reduce upfront tenant improvement investments; or 

 (3) 

 the tenant’s credit is below our acceptable parameters. 

 We consistently monitor the credit quality of our tenant base. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts arising from estimated losses
that could result from the tenant’s inability to make required current rent payments and an allowance against accrued rental income for future potential losses that we deem to be unrecoverable over the term of the lease. 

 Tenant receivables are assigned a credit rating of 1 through
4. A rating of 1 represents the highest possible rating and no allowance is recorded. A rating of 4 represents the lowest credit rating, in which case we record a full reserve against the receivable balance. Among the factors considered in
determining the credit rating include: 

 • 

 payment history; 

 • 

 credit status and change in status (credit ratings for public companies are used as a primary metric); 

 • 

 change in tenant space needs (i.e., expansion/downsize); 

 • 

 tenant financial performance; 

 • 

 economic conditions in a specific geographic region; and 

 • 

 industry specific credit considerations. 

 If our estimates of collectability differ from the cash received, the timing and amount of our reported revenue could be impacted. The
average remaining term of our in-place tenant leases, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 6.9 years as of December 31, 2012. The credit risk is mitigated by the high quality of our existing tenant base, reviews of
prospective tenants’ risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent monitoring of our portfolio to identify potential problem tenants. 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 Recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance,
real estate taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred. Tenant reimbursements are recognized and presented in accordance with guidance in ASC 605-45 “Principal Agent
Considerations” (“ASC 605-45”). ASC 605-45 requires that these reimbursements be recorded on a gross basis, as we are generally the primary obligor with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, have
discretion in selecting the supplier and have credit risk. We also receive reimbursement of payroll and payroll related costs from third parties which we reflect on a net basis. 

 Our parking revenues are derived from leases, monthly parking
and transient parking. We recognize parking revenue as earned. 
 
 Our hotel revenues are derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for telephone service, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and laundry services.
Hotel revenues are recognized as earned. 
 
 We
receive management and development fees from third parties. Management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of collected rents at the properties under management, and not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon
the collection of rents. We review each development agreement and record development fees as earned depending on the risk associated with each project. Profit on development fees earned from joint venture projects is recognized as revenue to the
extent of the third-party partners’ ownership interest. 
 
 Gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in ASC 360-20 “Real Estate Sales” (“ASC 360-20”). The specific timing of the sale is measured against
various criteria in ASC 360-20 related to the terms of the transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with the properties. If the criteria for the full accrual method are not met, we defer
some or all of the gain recognition and account for the continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, profit sharing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods, as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met.

 Depreciation and Amortization 

 We compute depreciation and amortization on our properties
using the straight-line method based on estimated useful asset lives. We allocate the acquisition cost of real estate to its components and depreciate or amortize these assets over their useful lives. The amortization of acquired “above-”
and “below-market” leases and acquired in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation and amortization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 For purposes of disclosure, we calculate the fair value of
our mortgage notes payable and unsecured senior notes. We determine the fair value of our unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable senior notes using market prices. We determine the fair value of our mortgage notes payable using discounted
cash flow analyses by discounting the spread between the future contractual interest payments and hypothetical future interest payments on mortgage debt based on current market rates for similar securities. In determining the current market rates,
we add our estimates of market spreads to the quoted yields on federal government treasury securities with similar maturity dates to its debt. Because our valuations of our financial instruments are based on these types of estimates, the actual fair
value of our financial instruments may differ materially if our estimates do not prove to be accurate. 

 56 

 Table of Contents 

 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

 Derivative instruments and hedging activities require
management to make judgments on the nature of its derivatives and their effectiveness as hedges. These judgments determine if the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a
component of net income or as a component of comprehensive income and as a component of equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. While management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative’s effectiveness as a hedge could
materially affect expenses, net income and equity. 
 
 Results of
Operations 
 
 The following discussion is based
on our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 At December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, we owned or had interests in a portfolio of 157, 153 and 146 properties, respectively (in each
case, the “Total Property Portfolio”). As a result of changes within our Total Property Portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant changes in revenue and expenses from period-to-period. Accordingly, we do not believe
that our period-to-period financial data with respect to the Total Property Portfolio are necessarily meaningful. Therefore, the comparison of operating results for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 show separately the changes
attributable to the properties that were owned by us and in service throughout each period compared (the “Same Property Portfolio”) and the changes attributable to the properties included in the Placed In-Service, Acquired or Development
or Redevelopment Portfolios. 
 
 In our analysis of
operating results, particularly to make comparisons of net operating income between periods meaningful, it is important to provide information for properties that were in-service and owned by us throughout each period presented. We refer to
properties acquired or placed in-service prior to the beginning of the earliest period presented and owned by us and in service through the end of the latest period presented as our Same Property Portfolio. The Same Property Portfolio therefore
excludes properties placed in-service, acquired, repositioned or in development or redevelopment after the beginning of the earliest period presented or disposed of prior to the end of the latest period presented. 

 Net operating income, or NOI, is a non-GAAP financial measure
equal to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, plus income attributable to noncontrolling interests, discontinued operations, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, losses
from early extinguishments of debt, transaction costs, general and administrative expense, less gains on sales of real estate, gains (losses) from investments in securities, income from unconsolidated joint ventures, interest and other income and
development and management services revenue. We use NOI internally as a performance measure and believe NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income
and expense items that are incurred at the property level. Therefore, we believe NOI is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets. 

 Our management also uses NOI to evaluate regional property
level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. Further, we believe NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates,
rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspectives not immediately apparent from net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. NOI excludes certain components from net income
attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. in order to provide results that are more closely related to a property’s results of operations. For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset
and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. In addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. NOI
presented by us may not be comparable to NOI 

 57 

 Table of Contents 

reported by other REITs that define NOI differently. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income
attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. NOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as an indication of our performance or to cash flows
as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. For a reconciliation of NOI to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc., see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2012 to the year ended
December 31, 2011 
 
 The table below
shows selected operating information for the Same Property Portfolio and the Total Property Portfolio. The Same Property Portfolio consists of 125 properties totaling approximately 31.7 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding
unconsolidated joint ventures. The Same Property Portfolio includes properties acquired or placed in-service on or prior to January 1, 2011 and owned and in service through December 31, 2012. The Total Property Portfolio includes the
effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment after January 1, 2011 or disposed of on or prior to December 31, 2012. This table includes a reconciliation from the Same Property
Portfolio to the Total Property Portfolio by also providing information for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment. 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 Same Property Portfolio 

 Properties 
 Acquired 
 Portfolio 

 Properties 
 Placed 
 In-Service 
 Portfolio 

 Properties 
 in 
Development 
 or 
 Redevelopment 
 Portfolio 

 Total Property Portfolio 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2012 

 2011 

 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

 % 
 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

 % 
 Change 

 Rental Revenue: 

 Rental Revenue 

 $ 

 1,577,821 

 $ 

 1,562,599 

 $ 

 15,222 

 0.97 

 % 

 $ 

 90,015 

 $ 

 19,883 

 $ 

 126,031 

 $ 

 73,792 

 $ 

 (34 

 ) 

 $ 

 10,228 

 $ 

 1,793,833 

 $ 

 1,666,502 

 $ 

 127,331 

 7.64 

 % 

 Termination Income 

 7,294 

 3,758 

 3,536 

 94.09 

 % 

 577 

 (20 

 ) 

 — 

 2,591 

 2,571 

 10,535 

 10,442 

 16,864 

 (6,422 

 ) 

 (38.08 

 )% 

 Total Rental Revenue 

 1,585,115 

 1,566,357 

 18,758 

 1.20 

 % 

 90,592 

 19,863 

 126,031 

 76,383 

 2,537 

 20,763 

 1,804,275 

 1,683,366 

 120,909 

 7.18 

 % 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 

 565,211 

 543,639 

 21,572 

 3.97 

 % 

 40,241 

 12,313 

 51,891 

 31,561 

 20 

 2,711 

 657,363 

 590,224 

 67,139 

 11.38 

 % 

 Net Operating Income, excluding hotel 

 1,019,904 

 1,022,718 

 (2,814 

 ) 

 (0.28 

 )% 

 50,351 

 7,550 

 74,140 

 44,822 

 2,517 

 18,052 

 1,146,912 

 1,093,142 

 53,770 

 4.92 

 % 

 Hotel Net Operating Income(1) 

 9,795 

 8,401 

 1,394 

 16.59 

 % 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 9,795 

 8,401 

 1,394 

 16.59 

 % 

 Consolidated Net Operating Income(1) 

 1,029,699 

 1,031,119 

 (1,420 

 ) 

 (0.14 

 )% 

 50,351 

 7,550 

 74,140 

 44,822 

 2,517 

 18,052 

 1,156,707 

 1,101,543 

 55,164 

 5.01 

 % 

 Other Revenue: 

 Development and management services 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 34,077 

 33,425 

 652 

 1.95 

 % 

 Other Expenses: 

 General and administrative expense 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 82,382 

 79,610 

 2,772 

 3.48 

 % 

 Transaction costs 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 3,653 

 1,987 

 1,666 

 83.84 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 370,430 

 365,827 

 4,603 

 1.26 

 % 

 43,729 

 13,516 

 36,973 

 38,592 

 1,936 

 18,677 

 453,068 

 436,612 

 16,456 

 3.77 

 % 

 Total Other Expenses 

 370,430 

 365,827 

 4,603 

 1.26 

 % 

 43,729 

 13,516 

 36,973 

 38,592 

 1,936 

 18,677 

 539,103 

 518,209 

 20,894 

 4.03 

 % 

 Operating Income 

 659,269 

 665,292 

 (6,023 

 ) 

 (0.91 

 )% 

 6,622 

 (5,966 

 ) 

 37,167 

 6,230 

 581 

 (625 

 ) 

 651,681 

 616,759 

 34,922 

 5.66 

 % 

 Other Income: 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 49,078 

 85,896 

 (36,818 

 ) 

 (42.86 

 )% 

 Interest and other income 

 10,091 

 5,358 

 4,733 

 88.34 

 % 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 1,389 

 (443 

 ) 

 1,832 

 413.54 

 % 

 Other Expenses: 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 4,453 

 1,494 

 2,959 

 198.06 

 % 

 Interest expense 

 413,564 

 394,131 

 19,433 

 4.93 

 % 

 Income from continuing operations 

 294,222 

 311,945 

 (17,723 

 ) 

 (5.68 

 )% 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 (841 

 ) 

 (44.71 

 )% 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

 36,877 

 — 

 36,877 

 100.00 

 % 

 Net income 

 332,139 

 313,826 

 18,313 

 5.84 

 % 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 (3,792 

 ) 

 (1,558 

 ) 

 (2,234 

 ) 

 (143.39 

 )% 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 (3,497 

 ) 

 (3,339 

 ) 

 (158 

 ) 

 (4.73 

 )% 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (31,046 

 ) 

 (36,035 

 ) 

 4,989 

 13.84 

 % 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (4,154 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (3,939 

 ) 

 1,832.09 

 % 

 Net Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 16,971 

 6.22 

 % 

 (1) 

 For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see page 57. Hotel Net Operating Income for the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011 are comprised of Hotel Revenue of $37,915 and $34,529 less Hotel Expenses of $28,120 and $26,128, respectively, per the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 Same Property Portfolio 
 
 Rental Revenue 

 Rental revenue from the Same Property Portfolio increased approximately $15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared
to 2011. The increase was primarily the result of an increase of approximately $10.0 million in rental revenue from our leases, increases in parking and other income of approximately $3.3 million and $2.1 million, respectively, partially offset by a
decrease in other recoveries of approximately $0.2 million. The increase in rental revenue from our leases of approximately $10.0 million was the result of our average revenue increasing by approximately $0.42 per square foot, contributing
approximately $12.0 million, offset by an approximately $2.0 million decrease due to a decline in average occupancy from 92.4% to 92.1%. 

 During 2013, we expect recent leasing gains primarily in Cambridge Center, Embarcadero Center and 399 Park Avenue to result in an increase
of Same Property Portfolio net operating income of approximately 1.5% to 2.5% compared to 2012 and we are projecting a modest improvement in our occupancy averaging between 92% and 93%. 
 
 Termination Income 

 Termination income increased by approximately $3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. 

 Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2012
related to twenty-four tenants across the Same Property Portfolio and totaled approximately $7.3 million of which approximately $3.6 million was from the settlement of a bankruptcy claim against a former tenant that rejected our lease in 2009 and
approximately $0.9 million was a negotiated termination from one of our Reston, Virginia properties in order to accommodate growth of an existing tenant. 

 Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2011 related to fifteen tenants across the Same Property Portfolio and totaled
approximately $3.8 million, which included approximately $1.8 million of termination income related to a default by a 30,000 square foot law firm tenant in one of our New York City properties. 
 
 Real Estate Operating Expenses 

 Operating expenses from the Same Property Portfolio
increased approximately $21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. This increase was primarily due to (1) an increase of approximately $13.8 million, or 5.8% in real estate taxes, which was primarily in our
Boston, New York and Washington, DC regions, (2) an approximately $3.2 million cumulative non-cash straight-line adjustment for ground rent expense (refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and (3) an approximately $4.6
million, or 1.5%, increase in other property operating expenses. 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

 Depreciation and amortization expense for the Same Property Portfolio increased approximately $4.6 million, or 1.3%, for the year ended
December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. 
 
 Properties Acquired Portfolio 
 
 On February 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Bay Colony Corporate Center in Waltham, Massachusetts for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $185.0 million. Bay Colony Corporate Center
is an approximately 985,000 net rentable square foot, four-building Class A office park situated on a 58-acre site in Waltham, Massachusetts. 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 On November 22, 2011, we acquired 2440 West El Camino Real located in Mountain View,
California for a net purchase price of approximately $71.1 million. 2440 West El Camino Real is an approximately 140,000 net rentable square foot Class A office property. 

 On March 1, 2012, we acquired 453 Ravendale Drive
located in Mountain View, California for a purchase price of approximately $6.7 million in cash. 453 Ravendale Drive is an approximately 30,000 net rentable square foot Office/Technical property. 

 On March 13, 2012, we acquired 100 Federal Street in
Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate investment of approximately $615.0 million in cash. In connection with the transaction, we entered into a long-term lease with an affiliate of Bank of America for approximately 732,000 square feet. 100 Federal
Street is an approximately 1,265,000 net rentable square foot, 37-story Class A office tower. 
 
 On October 4, 2012, we completed the formation of a joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia, adjacent to our other Reston properties. Fountain Square is an
office and retail complex aggregating approximately 758,000 net rentable square feet, comprised of approximately 521,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office space and approximately 237,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. We own
50% of, and are consolidating, the joint venture. See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Rental Revenue 
 
 Rental revenue from our Properties Acquired Portfolio increased approximately $70.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Date Acquired 

 Rental Revenue for the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 February 1, 2011 

 $ 

 20,778 

 $ 

 19,047 

 $ 

 1,731 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 November 22, 2011 

 8,122 

 816 

 7,306 

 453 Ravendale Drive 

 March 1, 2012 

 494 

 — 

 494 

 100 Federal Street 

 March 13, 2012 

 52,529 

 — 

 52,529 

 Fountain Square 

 October 4, 2012 

 8,669 

 — 

 8,669 

 Total 

 $ 

 90,592 

 $ 

 19,863 

 $ 

 70,729 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses

 Real estate operating expenses from our
Properties Acquired Portfolio increased approximately $27.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Date Acquired 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses for the year ended
December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 February 1, 2011 

 $ 

 12,410 

 $ 

 12,008 

 $ 

 402 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 November 22, 2011 

 2,453 

 305 

 2,148 

 453 Ravendale Drive 

 March 1, 2012 

 149 

 — 

 149 

 100 Federal Street 

 March 13, 2012 

 22,141 

 — 

 22,141 

 Fountain Square 

 October 4, 2012 

 3,088 

 — 

 3,088 

 Total 

 $ 

 40,241 

 $ 

 12,313 

 $ 

 27,928 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

 Depreciation and amortization expense for our Properties
Acquired Portfolio increased by approximately $30.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011 as a result of the acquisition of properties after December 31, 2011, as well as the additional depreciation expense incurred
for the year ended December 31, 2012 associated with Bay Colony Corporate Center and 2440 West El Camino Real, which were acquired on February 1, 2011 and November 22, 2011, respectively, and, as a result, were not recognizing
depreciation expense for the full year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio 

 At December 31, 2012, we had six properties totaling approximately 2.3 million square feet that were placed in-service or
partially placed in-service between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2012. 
 
 Rental Revenue 
 
 Rental revenue from our Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio increased approximately $49.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Quarter Initially
Placed In-Service 

 Quarter Fully
Placed In-Service 

 Rental Revenue for the year ended
December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 $ 

 31,052 

 $ 

 17,656 

 $ 

 13,396 

 Residences on The Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 16,632 

 5,632 

 11,000 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 3,936 

 985 

 2,951 

 Atlantic Wharf—Office 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Fourth Quarter, 2011 

 49,235 

 36,775 

 12,460 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 19,577 

 7,270 

 12,307 

 One Patriots Park (formerly known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 5,599 

 8,065 

 (2,466 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 126,031 

 $ 

 76,383 

 $ 

 49,648 

 Termination Income 

 Included in rental revenue above is approximately $2.6
million of termination income for the year ended December 31, 2011 related to lease amendments we signed on July 1, 2011 with the existing tenant at our three-building complex on Sunrise Valley Drive in Reston, Virginia. Under the
agreements, the existing tenant terminated early its leases for approximately 523,000 square feet at the complex and was responsible for certain payments to us aggregating approximately $15.7 million. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we
recognized approximately $13.1 million of termination income related to these agreements, of which approximately $10.5 million is included within the Development or Redevelopment Portfolio. One of the three buildings, One Patriots Park (formerly
known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) has been redeveloped and placed back in-service and is now occupied by a new tenant. 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 

 Real estate operating expenses from our Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio increased approximately $20.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012 compared to 2011, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Quarter Initially
Placed In-Service 

 Quarter Fully
Placed In-Service 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses for the year
ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 $ 

 18,307 

 $ 

 11,326 

 $ 

 6,981 

 Residences on The Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 9,317 

 4,958 

 4,359 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 1,675 

 521 

 1,154 

 Atlantic Wharf—Office 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Fourth Quarter, 2011 

 15,005 

 10,804 

 4,201 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 6,223 

 2,995 

 3,228 

 One Patriots Park (formerly known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 Second Quarter, 2012 

 1,364 

 957 

 407 

 Total 

 $ 

 51,891 

 $ 

 31,561 

 $ 

 20,330 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 Real estate operating expenses for 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue and the Residences on The Avenue
include ground rent expense, which includes the non-cash straight-lining of the ground rent expense of approximately $11.1 million and $5.1 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2012 and $6.7 million and $2.8 million,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

 Depreciation and amortization expense for our Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio decreased by approximately $1.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. Approximately $17.6 million of the decrease in depreciation expense for One Patriots Park was the result of the acceleration of depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2011 in
conjunction with the building being taken out of service for redevelopment. This decrease was partially offset by an increase of approximately $16.0 million in depreciation expense at the other buildings that were placed in-service. 

 Properties in Development or Redevelopment Portfolio

 At December 31, 2012 and 2011,
the Properties in Development or Redevelopment Portfolio consisted primarily of our 250 West 55th Street development project located in New York City and our Two Patriots Park (formerly known as 12300 Sunrise Valley Drive) property located in
Reston, Virginia. 
 
 On
February 6, 2009, we announced that we were suspending construction on our 989,000 square foot office project at 250 West 55th Street in New York City. During December 2009, we completed the construction of foundations and steel/deck to grade
to facilitate a restart of construction in the future and as a result ceased interest capitalization on the project. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recognized approximately $0.8 million of additional costs associated with the
suspension and ongoing maintenance of the development project. On May 24, 2011, we signed a lease with the law firm of Morrison & Foerster LLP for approximately 184,000 square feet at 250 West 55 th Street and resumed construction of the project. As a result of our
decision to resume development, in May 2011 we began interest capitalization and are no longer expensing costs associated with this project. 

 On July 1, 2011, we entered into lease amendments with the existing tenant at our three-building complex on Sunrise Valley Drive in
Reston, Virginia, which will be redeveloped as the headquarters for the Defense Intelligence Agency. Under the agreements, the existing tenant terminated early its leases for approximately 523,000 square feet at the complex and was responsible
for certain payments to us aggregating approximately $15.7 million. We recognized approximately $13.1 million of such termination income during 2011 of which approximately $2.6 million is included within the Placed In-Service Portfolio. We
recognized the remaining approximately $2.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2012. On January 3, 2012, we commenced the redevelopment of our Two Patriots Park property at the complex, which is expected to be completed during the
second quarter of 2013. During the year ended December 31, 2011, this building had revenue, excluding the $10.5 million of termination income, of approximately $10.2 million and operating expenses of approximately $1.7 million. During the year
ended December 31, 2012, excluding termination income, this building had de minimis revenue and operating expenses. In addition, the decrease in depreciation of approximately $16.7 million is the result of the acceleration of depreciation
expense during the year ended December 31, 2011 in conjunction with the redevelopment of this building. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expense Items 
 
 Hotel Net Operating Income 
 
 Net operating income for the Cambridge Center Marriott hotel property increased by approximately $1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011 due primarily to improvements in
revenue per available room (“REVPAR”) and occupancy. We expect our hotel net operating income for fiscal 2013 to be between $10 million and $11 million. 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 The following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the Cambridge Center Marriott
hotel for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 2012 

 2011 

 Percentage 
 Change 

 Occupancy 

 78.8 

 % 

 78.2 

 % 

 0.8 

 % 

 Average daily rate 

 $ 

 226.58 

 $ 

 210.45 

 7.7 

 % 

 REVPAR 

 $ 

 178.66 

 $ 

 164.15 

 8.8 

 % 

 Development and Management Services

 Development and management services
income increased approximately $0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. The increase was primarily due to an increase in development fee income of approximately $2.5 million partially offset by a decrease in
management fee income of approximately $1.8 million. The increase in development fees is primarily due to an increase in fees associated with tenant improvement project management. The decrease in management fees is due to a decrease in leasing fees
and management fees earned from our joint venture and third-party managed properties, as a result of decreases in leasing activity and third-party properties that we managed. We expect fee income for fiscal 2013 to be between $26 million and $30
million. 
 
 General and Administrative 

 General and administrative expenses increased approximately
$2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. We recognized approximately $4.5 million of expense during the first quarter of 2012 in connection with the resignation or E. Mitchell Norville, our Chief Operating Officer, on
February 29, 2012. This increase was partially offset by the acceleration of the remaining unrecognized compensation expense totaling approximately $4.3 million associated with the termination of the 2008 OPP Awards during the first quarter of
2011, which did not recur in 2012. The remaining increase was primarily due to (1) an approximately $3.0 million increase related to the issuance of the 2012 OPP Awards and non-qualified stock options and (2) an approximately $1.5 million
increase in the value of our deferred compensation plan, partially offset by an approximately $1.9 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses, which includes a decrease in compensation expense. Refer to Note 17 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding Mr. Norville’s resignation and the issuance of the 2012 OPP Awards and non-qualified stock options. 

 Wages directly related to the development of rental
properties are not included in our operating results. These costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. Capitalized wages for the year ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011 were approximately $12.7 million and $11.0 million, respectively. These costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed above. 
 
 Transaction Costs 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012 we incurred approximately $3.7 million of transaction costs of which approximately $0.6
million related to the acquisition of 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco, California, approximately $0.5 million related to the acquisition of Fountain Square in Reston, Virginia, approximately $0.3 million related to the forming of a joint venture
to pursue the acquisition of land in San Francisco, California to construct the Transbay Tower, approximately $0.6 million related to the acquisition of 100 Federal Street in Boston, Massachusetts and approximately $1.7 million related to the
pursuit of other transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we incurred approximately $2.0 million of transaction pursuit costs. 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 Other Income and Expense Items 

 Income from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011,
income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by approximately $36.8 million. This decrease was primarily due to the sale of Two Grand Central Tower during the year ended December 31, 2011, in which we recognized a gain of approximately
$46.2 million, partially offset by an increase of approximately $2.0 million in our share of the net income from 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building) and an increase of approximately $7.4 million in our share of net income from our other
unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase at 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building) was primarily due to a lease termination agreement with an existing tenant and lower amortization expense of approximately $6.7 million due to expiring
leases. Under that agreement, the tenant terminated early its lease for approximately 36,000 square feet at the building and is responsible for certain payments aggregating approximately $28.4 million through May 1, 2014 (of which our
share is approximately $17.0 million). As a result of the termination, we recognized termination income totaling approximately $11.8 million (which is net of the write-off of the accrued straight-line rent balance) during the year ended
December 31, 2012. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in “above-” and “below-market” lease income of approximately $13.8 million and accrued straight—line rent of approximately $2.7 million at 767 Fifth
Avenue (The GM Building). Refer to Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the operating results of our unconsolidated joint ventures. 

 On October 25, 2011, an unconsolidated joint venture in
which we have a 60% interest completed the sale of Two Grand Central Tower located in New York City for approximately $401.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of approximately $176.6 million of mortgage indebtedness. Net cash proceeds
totaled approximately $210.0 million, of which our share was approximately $126.0 million, after the payment of transaction costs of approximately $14.4 million. Two Grand Central Tower is an approximately 650,000 net rentable square foot
Class A office tower. The unconsolidated joint venture’s carrying value of the net assets of the property aggregated approximately $427.1 million. As a result, pursuant to the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) 360 “Property, Plant and Equipment” (“ASC 360”) (formerly known as SFAS No. 144 “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets”), the unconsolidated joint venture recognized a
non-cash impairment loss and loss on sale of real estate aggregating approximately $40.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2011, which is equal to the difference between (1) the sale price less cost to sell and (2) the
carrying value of the net assets of the property. Separately, in 2008 we had recognized an impairment loss on our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture totaling approximately $74.3 million under the provisions of ASC 323
“Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures” (“ASC 323”) (formerly known as Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 18 “The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock” (“APB
No. 18”)). As a result, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $46.2 million, which is included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 For fiscal 2013 we expect a decrease in income from
unconsolidated joint ventures of $18 million to $23 million (our share) compared to fiscal 2012 due to $15 million to $17 million of termination income and rental income from a retail tenant at 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building) in New York City
where we project no income during 2013 and a $5 million to $7 million (our share) decline in revenues from 540 Madison Avenue due to lease expirations. These decreases will be partially offset by the completion of 500 North Capitol Street in
Washington, DC, which should contribute approximately $2 million (our share). 
 
 Interest and Other Income 
 
 Interest and other income increased approximately $4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011
increased approximately $1.3 million due primarily to the approximately $0.9 million of interest income that we recognized related to the loans that we made to our Value-Added Fund and an increase in the average cash

 65 

 Table of Contents 

balance that was partially offset by overall lower interest rates. The loans to the Value-Added Fund have been reflected in Related Party Note Receivable on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
The average daily cash balances for the year ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 were approximately $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. 

 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2012
compared to 2011 increased by approximately $3.4 million of which (1) approximately $2.9 million related to the sale of historic tax credits at our Lofts at Atlantic Wharf, (2) approximately $1.1 million was related to an insurance claim
that we received during 2012 and (3) approximately $0.2 million related to a sales deposit we retained due to a prospective buyer of 164 Lexington Road canceling the contract, partially offset by the approximately $0.8 million recognized during
2011 related to 280 Park Avenue (as detailed below). On October 20, 2010, we closed a transaction with a financial institution (the “HTC Investor”) related to the historic rehabilitation of the residential component of our Atlantic
Wharf development in Boston, Massachusetts (the “residential project”). The HTC Investor has contributed an aggregate of approximately $15 million to the project. As part of its contribution, the HTC Investor will receive substantially all
of the benefits derived from the tax credits. Beginning in July 2012 to July 2016, we recognized and will recognize the cash received as revenue over the five-year tax credit recapture period as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. During the year
ended December 31, 2012, we recognized approximately $2.9 million of the $15 million that the HTC Investor had contributed to us. 

 On June 6, 2006, we sold 280 Park Avenue in New York City. In connection with the sale, in lieu of a closing adjustment in favor
of the buyer for certain unfunded tenant improvements, we retained the obligation to pay for the improvements, subject to the tenant initiating the request for reimbursement. The total amount of unfunded tenant improvements at closing was
approximately $1.0 million and has yet to be requested by the tenants. During the year ended December 31, 2011, a tenant’s lease expired for which we had unfunded tenant improvement liabilities of approximately $0.8 million, resulting
in the recognition of other income in that amount. 
 
 Gains
(Losses) from Investments in Securities 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 related to investments that we have made
to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we maintain for our officers. Under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer’s current
income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. In order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate
account that is not restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. This enables us to generally match our liabilities to our officers under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and
thereby limit our market risk. The performance of these investments is recorded as gains (losses) from investments in securities. During the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recognized gains (losses) of approximately $1.4 million and
$(0.4) million, respectively, on these investments. By comparison, our general and administrative expense increased (decreased) by approximately $1.3 million and $(0.3) million during the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, as
a result of increases (decreases) in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by our officers participating in the plan. 

 Losses from Early Extinguishments of Debt 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt increased by
approximately $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. This increase is related to the following transactions that occurred during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 On September 4, 2012, we used available cash to repay
the mortgage loan collateralized by our Sumner Square property located in Washington, DC totaling approximately $23.2 million. The mortgage financing bore 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

interest at a fixed rate of 7.35% per annum and was scheduled to mature on September 1, 2013. We recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million,
which included a prepayment penalty totaling approximately $0.2 million associated with the early repayment. 

 On August 24, 2012, our Operating Partnership used available cash to redeem the remaining $225.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of its 6.25% senior notes due 2013. The redemption price was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $231.6 million. The redemption price included approximately $1.5 million of accrued and unpaid
interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.25% of the principal amount being redeemed. We recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling
approximately $5.2 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $5.1 million. 

 On April 2, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our One Freedom Square property located in
Reston, Virginia totaling $65.1 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.75% per annum and was scheduled to mature on June 30, 2012. There was no prepayment penalty. We recognized a gain on early extinguishment of
debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting. 
 
 On March 12, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our Bay Colony
Corporate Center property located in Waltham, Massachusetts totaling $143.9 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.53% per annum and was scheduled to mature on June 11, 2012. There was no prepayment penalty. We
recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.9 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting. 

 In connection with the repurchase and redemption in February
2012 of our Operating Partnership’s 2.875% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2037, we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $0.1 million related to the expensing of transaction related costs. 

 On November 9, 2011, our Operating Partnership
repurchased $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 for approximately $50.2 million. The repurchased notes had an aggregate carrying value of approximately $49.6 million at the time of
repurchase resulting in the recognition of a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $0.6 million. 

 On November 9, 2011, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our Reservoir Place property located in
Waltham, Massachusetts totaling $50.0 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a variable rate equal to Eurodollar plus 2.20% per annum and was scheduled to mature on July 30, 2014. There was no prepayment penalty. We recognized a
loss from early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.5 million consisting of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 

 On November 16, 2011, we terminated the construction loan facility collateralized by our Atlantic Wharf property, located in Boston,
Massachusetts, totaling $192.5 million. The construction loan facility bore interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.00% per annum and was scheduled to mature on April 21, 2012 with two, one-year extension options, subject to
certain conditions. We did not draw any amounts under the facility. We recognized a loss from early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.4 million consisting of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense for the Total Property Portfolio increased
approximately $19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011 as detailed below: 

 Component 

 Change in 
interest 
 expense for the year
ended
December 31, 2012 
 compared
to
December 31, 2011 

 (in thousands) 

 Increases to interest expense due to: 

 Issuance by our Operating Partnership of $850 million in aggregate principal of 3.700% senior notes due 2018 on November 10,
2011 

 $ 

 27,213 

 New mortgages/properties placed in-service/acquisition financings 

 23,490 

 Issuance by our Operating Partnership of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal of 3.850% senior notes due 2023 on June 11,
2012 

 21,501 

 Decrease in capitalized interest due to properties being placed in-service 

 3,890 

 Other interest expense (excluding senior notes) partially offset by principal amortization of continuing debt 

 849 

 Total increases to interest expense 

 $ 

 76,943 

 Decreases to interest expense due to: 

 Repayment of mortgage financings 

 $ 

 (22,468 

 ) 

 Repurchases/redemption of $576.2 million in aggregate principal of 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 

 (17,912 

 ) 

 Interest expense associated with the adjustment for the equity component allocation of our unsecured exchangeable
debt 

 (9,734 

 ) 

 Redemption of $225.0 million in aggregate principal of 6.25% unsecured senior notes due 2013 

 (6,136 

 ) 

 Interest on our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit 

 (1,260 

 ) 

 Total decreases to interest expense 

 $ 

 (57,510 

 ) 

 Total change in interest expense 

 $ 

 19,433 

 The following properties are
included in the new mortgages/properties placed in-service/acquisition financings line item: 601 Lexington Avenue and Fountain Square. The following properties are included in the repayment of mortgage financings line item: 601 Lexington Avenue,
Reservoir Place, Atlantic Wharf, 510 Madison Avenue, Bay Colony Corporate Center, One Freedom Square and Sumner Square. Included within the interest on our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit line item is the interest expense
associated with our borrowing that had been secured by 601 Lexington Avenue. As properties are placed in-service, we cease capitalizing interest and interest is then expensed. 

 Interest expense directly related to the development of
rental properties is not included in our operating results. These costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. Interest capitalized for the year
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 was approximately $44.3 million and $48.2 million, respectively. These costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above. 

 We anticipate net interest expense for 2013 will be $385
million to $392 million. This estimate assumes $58 million to $65 million of capitalized interest. We project that debts maturing in 2013 will be refinanced for their maturing principal amount at current long-term interest rates. This estimate
assumes that we will not incur any additional indebtedness, make additional prepayments or repurchase of existing indebtedness, and that there will not be any fluctuations in interest rates or any changes in our development activity. 

 68 

 Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2012, our variable rate debt consisted of our Operating
Partnership’s $750.0 million Unsecured Line of Credit, of which no amount was outstanding at December 31, 2012. For a summary of our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 refer to the heading
“ Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capitalization—Debt Financing” within “ Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” 

 Discontinued Operations 

 On May 17, 2012, we completed the sale of our Bedford
Business Park properties located in Bedford, Massachusetts for approximately $62.8 million in cash. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $62.0 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $36.9 million. Bedford Business Park is comprised
of two Office/Technical buildings and one Class A office building aggregating approximately 470,000 net rentable square feet. The operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a
historical basis for all periods presented. Refer to Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the sale and operating results. 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 Noncontrolling interests in property
partnerships increased by approximately $2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011. Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships consisted of the outside owner’s equity interest in the income from our 505
9 th Street and Fountain Square properties as of
December 31, 2012 and only 505 9 th Street as of
December 31, 2011. 
 
 On October 4, 2012,
we completed the formation of a joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia, adjacent to our other Reston properties. Fountain Square is an office and retail complex aggregating approximately 758,000 net
rentable square feet, comprised of approximately 521,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office space and approximately 237,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. The joint venture partner contributed the property valued at
approximately $385.0 million and related mortgage indebtedness totaling approximately $211.3 million for a 50% interest in the joint venture. We contributed cash totaling approximately $87.0 million for our 50% interest, which cash was distributed
to the joint venture partner. We are consolidating this joint venture. The mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.71% per annum and matures on October 11, 2016. Pursuant to the joint venture agreement (i) we have rights to
acquire the partner’s 50% interest and (ii) the partner has the right to cause us to acquire the partner’s interest on January 4, 2016, in each case at a fixed price totaling approximately $102.0 million in cash. The fixed price
option rights expire on January 31, 2016. 

 Noncontrolling Interest—Common Units of the Operating Partnership 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating
Partnership decreased by approximately $5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 2011 due to a decrease in allocable income and a decrease in the noncontrolling interest’s ownership percentage. 

 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2011 to the year ended
December 31, 2010 
 
 The table below
shows selected operating information for the Same Property Portfolio and the Total Property Portfolio. The Same Property Portfolio consists of 125 properties totaling approximately 30.0 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding
unconsolidated joint ventures. The Same Property Portfolio includes properties acquired or placed in-service on or prior to January 1, 2010 and owned and in service through December 31, 2011. The Total Property Portfolio includes the
effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment after January 1, 2010 or disposed of on or prior to December 31, 2011. This table includes a reconciliation from the Same Property
Portfolio to the Total Property Portfolio by also providing information for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment. 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 Same Property Portfolio 

 Properties 
 Acquired 
 Portfolio 

 Properties 
 Placed 
 In-Service 
 Portfolio 

 Properties 
 in 
Development 
 or 
 Redevelopment 
 Portfolio 

 Total Property Portfolio 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

 % 
 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

 % 
 Change 

 Rental Revenue: 

 Rental Revenue 

 $ 

 1,446,184 

 $ 

 1,438,198 

 $ 

 7,986 

 0.56 

 % 

 $ 

 128,885 

 $ 

 857 

 $ 

 85,893 

 $ 

 10,046 

 $ 

 5,540 

 $ 

 11,029 

 $ 

 1,666,502 

 $ 

 1,460,130 

 $ 

 206,372 

 14.13 

 % 

 Termination Income 

 14,293 

 9,165 

 5,128 

 55.95 

 % 

 (20 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2,591 

 — 

 16,864 

 9,165 

 7,699 

 84.00 

 % 

 Total Rental Revenue 

 1,460,477 

 1,447,363 

 13,114 

 0.91 

 % 

 128,865 

 857 

 85,893 

 10,046 

 8,131 

 11,029 

 1,683,366 

 1,469,295 

 214,071 

 14.57 

 % 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 

 497,060 

 492,288 

 4,772 

 0.97 

 % 

 57,857 

 358 

 33,358 

 1,145 

 1,949 

 4,363 

 590,224 

 498,154 

 92,070 

 18.48 

 % 

 Net Operating Income, excluding hotel 

 963,417 

 955,075 

 8,342 

 0.87 

 % 

 71,008 

 499 

 52,535 

 8,901 

 6,182 

 6,666 

 1,093,142 

 971,141 

 122,001 

 12.56 

 % 

 Hotel Net Operating Income (1) 

 8,401 

 7,647 

 754 

 9.86 

 % 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 8,401 

 7,647 

 754 

 9.86 

 % 

 Consolidated Net Operating Income(1) 

 971,818 

 962,722 

 9,096 

 0.94 

 % 

 71,008 

 499 

 52,535 

 8,901 

 6,182 

 6,666 

 1,101,543 

 978,788 

 122,755 

 12.54 

 % 

 Other Revenue: 

 Development and management services 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 33,425 

 41,215 

 (7,790 

 ) 

 (18.90 

 )% 

 Other Expenses: 

 General and administrative expense 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 79,610 

 79,396 

 214 

 0.27 

 % 

 Transaction costs 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,987 

 2,876 

 (889 

 ) 

 (30.91 

 )% 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 7,200 

 100.00 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 332,371 

 323,684 

 8,687 

 2.68 

 % 

 62,182 

 394 

 22,900 

 2,038 

 19,159 

 9,743 

 436,612 

 335,859 

 100,753 

 30.00 

 % 

 Total Other Expenses 

 332,371 

 323,684 

 8,687 

 2.68 

 % 

 62,182 

 394 

 22,900 

 2,038 

 19,159 

 9,743 

 518,209 

 410,931 

 107,278 

 26.11 

 % 

 Operating Income 

 639,447 

 639,038 

 409 

 0.06 

 % 

 8,826 

 105 

 29,635 

 6,863 

 (12,977 

 ) 

 (3,077 

 ) 

 616,759 

 609,072 

 7,687 

 1.26 

 % 

 Other Income: 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 85,896 

 36,774 

 49,122 

 133.58 

 % 

 Interest and other income 

 5,358 

 7,332 

 (1,974 

 ) 

 (26.92 

 )% 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 (443 

 ) 

 935 

 (1,378 

 ) 

 (147.38 

 )% 

 Other Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 394,131 

 378,079 

 16,052 

 4.25 

 % 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 1,494 

 89,883 

 (88,389 

 ) 

 (98.34 

 )% 

 Income from continuing operations 

 311,945 

 186,151 

 125,794 

 67.58 

 % 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 2,734 

 (2,734 

 ) 

 (100.00 

 )% 

 Income before discontinued operations 

 311,945 

 188,885 

 123,060 

 65.15 

 % 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 439 

 30.44 

 % 

 Net income 

 313,826 

 190,327 

 123,499 

 64.89 

 % 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 (1,558 

 ) 

 (3,464 

 ) 

 1,906 

 55.02 

 % 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 (3,339 

 ) 

 (3,343 

 ) 

 4 

 0.12 

 % 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (36,035 

 ) 

 (23,915 

 ) 

 (12,120 

 ) 

 (50.68 

 )% 

 Noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 — 

 (349 

 ) 

 349 

 (100.00 

 )% 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (215 

 ) 

 (184 

 ) 

 (31 

 ) 

 (16.85 

 )% 

 Net Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 $ 

 113,607 

 71.42 

 % 

 (1) 

 For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see page 57. Hotel Net Operating Income for the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010 are comprised of Hotel Revenue of $34,529 and $32,800 less Hotel Expenses of $26,128 and $25,153, respectively, per the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 Same Property Portfolio 
 
 Rental Revenue 

 Rental revenue from the Same Property Portfolio increased approximately $8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to
2010. The increase was primarily the result of an increase of approximately $0.7 million in rental revenue from our leases, coupled with increases in parking and other revenue and other recoveries of approximately $3.6 million and $3.7 million,
respectively. The increase in rental revenue from our leases of approximately $0.7 million is the result of our average revenue increasing by approximately $0.43 per square foot, contributing approximately $11.7 million, offset by an approximately
$11.0 million decrease due to a decline in occupancy from 92.7% to 91.8%. 
 
 Termination Income 
 
 Termination income increased by approximately $5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010. 

 Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2011
related to sixteen tenants across the Same Property Portfolio and totaled approximately $14.3 million, which included approximately $1.8 million of termination income related to a default by a 30,000 square foot law firm tenant in one of our New
York City properties and approximately $10.5 million related to us entering into lease amendments we signed on July 1, 2011 with the existing tenant at our three-building complex in Reston, Virginia, which will be redeveloped as the
headquarters for the Defense Intelligence Agency. Under the agreements, the existing tenant will terminate early its leases for approximately 523,000 square feet at the complex and be responsible for certain payments to us aggregating
approximately $15.7 million. One of the buildings had already been taken out of service and therefore the operating results of that property, including any termination income received, is shown under the Properties in Development or Redevelopment
Portfolio. We recognized the remaining approximately $2.6 million in the first quarter of 2012. Once Two Patriots Park (formerly known as 12300 Sunrise Valley Drive) is placed in redevelopment, it will no longer be considered part of the Same
Property Portfolio and any operating results will be shown under the Properties in Development or Redevelopment Portfolio. 

 Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2010 related to twenty-three tenants across the Same Property Portfolio and
totaled approximately $9.2 million, which included (1) approximately $1.6 million from a small retail tenant in New York City, (2) approximately $4.1 million of negotiated termination income from our Reston, Virginia properties in order to
accommodate growth of an existing tenant and to provide space early to a new tenant, (3) approximately $1.3 million from a tenant at 599 Lexington Avenue in New York City to accommodate growth of an existing tenant and (4) approximately
$2.2 million spread across nineteen tenant terminations. 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 

 Operating expenses from the Same Property Portfolio increased approximately $4.8 million, or 1%, for the year ended December 31, 2011
compared to 2010 due to a net increase in general property operating expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the Same Property Portfolio increased approximately $8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010. The increase was primarily the result
of the acceleration of depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2011 totaling approximately $13.7 million in anticipation of the planned redevelopment of our Two Patriots Park (formerly known as 12300 Sunrise Valley Drive)
property located in Reston, Virginia, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation of approximately $3.7 million at a building outside San Francisco, California that had a significant lease expiration and therefore no longer has depreciation and
amortization related to that tenant and a decrease in depreciation of 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

approximately $1.8 million resulting from the acceleration of depreciation expense in 2010 related to our decision in 2010 to reclassify three in-service properties to land held for future
development that did not recur in 2011. These three properties totaled approximately 131,000 square feet, are currently planned for redevelopment and are no longer held available for lease. 
 
 Properties Acquired Portfolio 

 On December 29, 2010, we completed the acquisition of
the John Hancock Tower and Garage in Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $930.0 million. The John Hancock Tower is a 62-story, approximately 1,700,000 rentable square foot office tower located in the heart of
Boston’s Back Bay neighborhood. The garage is an eight-level, 2,013 space parking facility. 
 
 On February 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Bay Colony Corporate Center in Waltham, Massachusetts for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $185.0 million. Bay Colony Corporate Center
is an approximately 985,000 net rentable square foot, four-building Class A office park situated on a 58-acre site in Waltham, Massachusetts. 

 On November 22, 2011, we acquired 2440 West El Camino Real located in Mountain View, California for a net purchase price of
approximately $71.1 million. 2440 West El Camino Real is an approximately 140,000 net rentable square foot Class A office property. 

 Rental Revenue 

 Rental revenue from our Properties Acquired Portfolio increased approximately $128.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2011 compared to 2010, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Date Acquired 

 Rental Revenue for 
the 
 year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 John Hancock Tower and Garage 

 December 29, 2010 

 $ 

 109,002 

 $ 

 857 

 $ 

 108,145 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 February 1, 2011 

 19,047 

 — 

 19,047 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 November 22, 2011 

 816 

 — 

 816 

 Total 

 $ 

 128,865 

 $ 

 857 

 $ 

 128,008 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses

 Real estate operating expenses from our
Properties Acquired Portfolio increased approximately $57.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Date Acquired 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 
 for the year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 John Hancock Tower and Garage 

 December 29, 2010 

 $ 

 45,544 

 $ 

 358 

 $ 

 45,186 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 February 1, 2011 

 12,008 

 — 

 12,008 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 November 22, 2011 

 305 

 — 

 305 

 Total 

 $ 

 57,857 

 $ 

 358 

 $ 

 57,499 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense

 Depreciation and amortization expense
for our Properties Acquired Portfolio increased by approximately $61.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 as a result of the depreciation expense 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

associated with our properties that were acquired after December 31, 2010, as well as the additional depreciation expense incurred for the year ended December 31, 2011 associated with
John Hancock Tower and Garage that was acquired on December 29, 2010 and, as a result, was not recognizing depreciation expense for the full year ended December 31, 2010. 

 Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio 

 We had six properties totaling approximately
2.4 million square feet that were placed in-service or partially place in-service between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2011. 

 Rental Revenue 

 Rental revenue from our Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio increased approximately $76.0 million, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Quarter Initially 
 Placed
In-Service 

 Quarter Fully 
 Placed
In-Service 

 Rental Revenue for 
 the 
year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 Weston Corporate Center 

 Second Quarter, 2010 

 Second Quarter, 2010 

 $ 

 17,575 

 $ 

 10,046 

 $ 

 7,529 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 N/A 

 7,270 

 — 

 7,270 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 17,656 

 — 

 17,656 

 Residences on The Avenue—Residential 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 5,632 

 — 

 5,632 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf—Residential 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 985 

 — 

 985 

 Atlantic Wharf—Office 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Fourth Quarter, 2011 

 36,775 

 — 

 36,775 

 Total 

 $ 

 85,893 

 $ 

 10,046 

 $ 

 75,847 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses

 Real estate operating expenses from our
Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio increased approximately $32.2 million, as detailed below: 

 Property 

 Quarter Initially 
 Placed
In-Service 

 Quarter Fully 
 Placed
In-Service 

 Real Estate Operating Expenses 
 for the year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (in thousands) 

 Weston Corporate Center 

 Second Quarter, 2010 

 Second Quarter, 2010 

 $ 

 2,754 

 $ 

 1,145 

 $ 

 1,609 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 N/A 

 2,995 

 — 

 2,995 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 11,326 

 — 

 11,326 

 Residences on The Avenue—Residential 

 Second Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 4,958 

 — 

 4,958 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf—Residential 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 Third Quarter, 2011 

 521 

 — 

 521 

 Atlantic Wharf—Office 

 First Quarter, 2011 

 Fourth Quarter, 2011 

 10,804 

 — 

 10,804 

 Total 

 $ 

 33,358 

 $ 

 1,145 

 $ 

 32,213 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

 Depreciation and amortization expense for our Properties
Placed In-Service Portfolio increased by approximately $20.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 as a result of the depreciation expense associated with our properties that were placed in-service or partially placed
in-service after December 31, 2010 as well as the additional depreciation expense incurred for the year ended December 31, 2011 associated with Weston Corporate Center that was placed in-service in the second quarter of 2010 and, as a
result, was not recognizing depreciation expense for the full year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 Properties in Development or Redevelopment Portfolio 

 At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Properties in Development or Redevelopment Portfolio consisted primarily of
our One Patriots Park (formerly known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) property located in Reston, Virginia and our 250 West
55 th Street development project located in New York City.

 On February 6, 2009, we
announced that we were suspending construction on our 989,000 square foot office project at 250 West 55 th Street in New York City. During December 2009, we completed the construction of foundations and steel/deck to grade to facilitate a restart of construction in the future and as a result ceased interest
capitalization on the project. During the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we recognized approximately $0.8 million and $2.3 million, respectively, of additional costs associated with the suspension and ongoing maintenance of the
development project. On May 24, 2011, we signed a lease with the law firm of Morrison & Foerster LLP for approximately 184,000 square feet at 250 West 55 th Street and resumed construction of the project. As a result of our decision to resume development, in May 2011 we
began interest capitalization and are no longer expensing costs associated with this project. 
 
 On July 1, 2011, we entered into lease amendments with the existing tenant at our three-building complex in Reston, Virginia, which will be redeveloped as the headquarters for the Defense
Intelligence Agency. Under the agreements, the tenant will terminate early its leases for approximately 523,000 square feet at the complex and be responsible for certain payments to us aggregating approximately $15.7 million, of which we
recognized approximately $2.6 million related to our One Patriots Park (formerly known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) property, which is the building that had been taken out of service. Although this building had been taken out of service, the
remainder of the termination income that we received from the building that is still in-service is reflected under the Same Store Portfolio. On July 5, 2011, we commenced the redevelopment of the One Patriots Park property at the complex, which
was completed during the second quarter of 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, this building had revenue, excluding termination income, of approximately $5.5 million and $11.0 million, respectively, and operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 of approximately $1.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively. In addition, the increase in depreciation is the result of the acceleration of depreciation expense during the year ended
December 31, 2011 totaling approximately $9.4 million in anticipation of the redevelopment of this building. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expense Items 
 
 Hotel Net Operating Income 
 
 Net operating income for our hotel property increased approximately $0.8 million, a 10% increase for the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to 2010. 

 The following reflects our occupancy and rate information for
our Cambridge Center Marriott hotel property for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

 2011 

 2010 

 Percentage 
 Change 

 Occupancy 

 78.2 

 % 

 77.9 

 % 

 0.4 

 % 

 Average daily rate 

 $ 

 210.45 

 $ 

 197.29 

 6.7 

 % 

 Revenue per available room, REVPAR 

 $ 

 164.15 

 $ 

 153.65 

 6.8 

 % 

 74 

 Table of Contents 

 Development and Management Services 
 
 Development and management services income decreased approximately $7.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011 compared to 2010. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in management fee income of approximately $12.1 million partially offset by an approximately $4.3 million increase in development income. On May 5, 2010, we
satisfied the requirements of our master lease agreement related to the 2006 sale of 280 Park Avenue in New York City. Following the satisfaction of the master lease agreement, the buyer terminated the property management and leasing agreement
entered into at the time of the sale, resulting in the recognition of non-cash deferred management fees totaling approximately $12.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase in development fees is due to an increase in
development fees related to 75 Ames Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts and George Washington University Science and Engineering Hall in Washington, DC, offset by a decrease in development fees as a result of our completion of the 20 F Street
third-party development project. 
 
 General and Administrative
Expense 
 
 General and administrative
expenses increased approximately $0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to an increase in other general and administrative expenses and professional fees of approximately $1.7 million and $0.7 million,
respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in compensation expense of approximately $2.2 million. The decrease in compensation expense is primarily due to the accelerated expense during the first quarter of 2010 of the
remaining stock-based compensation granted between 2006 and 2009 to Edward H. Linde, our late Chief Executive Officer, as a result of his passing on January 10, 2010 totaling approximately $5.8 million and an approximately $1.0 million decrease
in the value of our deferred compensation plan, offset by the acceleration of the remaining unrecognized compensation expense totaling approximately $4.3 million associated with the termination of the 2008 OPP Awards during the first quarter of
2011. 
 
 Wages directly related to the development
of rental properties are not included in our operating results. These costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. Capitalized wages for the year
ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 were approximately $11.0 million and $11.6 million, respectively. These costs are not included in the general and administrative expense discussed above. 
 
 Transaction Costs 

 During the year ended December 31, 2011, we incurred approximately $2.0 million of transaction pursuit costs. During the year ended
December 31, 2010, we incurred approximately $1.5 million and $0.9 million of acquisition costs associated with our acquisitions of 510 Madison Avenue in New York City and the John Hancock Tower and Garage in Boston, respectively. In
addition for the year ended December 31, 2010, we incurred approximately $0.2 million of acquisition costs associated with our acquisition of Bay Colony Corporate Center in Waltham, Massachusetts and approximately $0.3 million of other
transaction pursuit costs. 
 
 Suspension of Development

 On February 6,
2009, we announced that we were suspending construction on our 1,000,000 square foot project at 250 West 55 th Street in New York City. During December 2009, we completed the construction of foundations and steel/deck to grade to facilitate a restart of construction in the future and as a result ceased interest
capitalization on the project. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we recognized a loss of approximately $27.8 million related to the suspension of development, which amount included a $20.0 million contractual amount due pursuant to a
lease agreement. On January 19, 2010, we paid $12.8 million related to the termination of such lease. As a result, we recognized approximately $7.2 million of other income during the year ended December 31, 2010. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 Other Income and Expense Items 

 Income from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010,
income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased by approximately $49.1 million. This increase was primarily due to the following (1) our share of Two Grand Central Tower’s net income increased by approximately $40.2 million, which was
primarily due to the sale of the property, (2) our share of 767 Fifth Avenue’s (The GM Building) net income increased by approximately $6.0 million, which was primarily due to a decrease in deprecation expense related to tenant expirations
and (3) our share of the Value-Added Fund’s net income increased by approximately $0.9 million due to a decrease in interest expense as a result of the conveyance of fee simple title to its One and Two Circle Star Way properties on
October 21, 2010. 
 
 On October 25, 2011,
an unconsolidated joint venture in which we have a 60% interest completed the sale of Two Grand Central Tower located in New York City for approximately $401.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of approximately $176.6 million of
mortgage indebtedness. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $210.0 million, of which our share was approximately $126.0 million, after the payment of transaction costs of approximately $14.4 million. Two Grand Central Tower is an approximately
650,000 net rentable square foot Class A office tower. The unconsolidated joint venture’s carrying value of the net assets of the property aggregated approximately $427.1 million. As a result, pursuant to the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 360 “Property, Plant and Equipment” (“ASC 360”) (formerly known as SFAS No. 144 “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets”), the unconsolidated joint
venture recognized a non-cash impairment loss and loss on sale of real estate aggregating approximately $40.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2011, which is equal to the difference between (1) the sale price less cost to sell
and (2) the carrying value of the net assets of the property. Separately, in 2008 we had recognized an impairment loss on our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture totaling approximately $74.3 million under the provisions of ASC 323
“Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures” (“ASC 323”) (formerly known as Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 18 “The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock” (“APB
No. 18”)). As a result, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $46.2 million, which is included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Interest and Other Income 

 Interest and other income decreased approximately $2.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010. 
 
 Interest income decreased approximately $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 as the result of a decrease in the average cash balance and lower overall interest rates.
The average cash balances for the year ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 were approximately $1.1 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. 

 On June 6, 2006, we sold 280 Park Avenue in New York City. In connection with the sale, in lieu of a closing adjustment in favor
of the buyer for certain unfunded tenant improvements, we retained the obligation to pay for the improvements, subject to the tenant initiating the request for reimbursement. The total amount of unfunded tenant improvements at closing was
approximately $1.0 million and has yet to be requested by the tenants. During the year ended December 31, 2011, a tenant’s lease expired for which we had unfunded tenant improvement liabilities of approximately $0.8 million, resulting
in the recognition of other income in that amount. 
 
 Gains
(Losses) from Investments in Securities 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 related to investments that we have made
to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

maintain for our officers. Under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer’s current income on a pre-tax
basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. In order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not
restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. This enables us to generally match our liabilities to our officers under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market
risk. The performance of these investments is recorded as gains or losses from investments in securities. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 we recognized gains (losses) of approximately $(0.4) million and $0.9 million,
respectively, on these investments. By comparison, our general and administrative expense increased (decreased) by approximately $(0.3) million and $0.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, as a result of
increases (decreases) in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by our officers participating in the plan. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense for the Total Property Portfolio increased
approximately $16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 as detailed below: 

 Component 

 Change in 
interest 
 expense for the 
 year
ended 
 December 31, 2011 
 compared
to 
 December 31, 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Increases to interest expense due to: 

 Issuance by our Operating Partnership of $700 million in aggregate principal of 5.625% senior notes due 2020 on April 19,
2010 

 $ 

 11,697 

 Issuance by our Operating Partnership of $850 million in aggregate principal of 4.125% senior notes due 2021 on November 18,
2010 

 31,210 

 Issuance by our Operating Partnership of $850 million in aggregate principal of 3.700% senior notes due 2018 on November 10,
2011 

 4,491 

 New mortgage/properties placed in-service/acquisition financings 

 54,199 

 Interest on our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit 

 1,844 

 Interest associated with the increased interest rate related to Montvale Center being in default 

 1,055 

 Total increases to interest expense 

 $ 

 104,496 

 Decreases to interest expense due to: 

 Repurchases by our Operating Partnership of $700 million in aggregate principal of 6.25% senior notes due 2013 

 $ 

 (41,797 

 ) 

 Repurchases by our Operating Partnership of $286.3 million in aggregate principal of 2.875% exchangeable senior
notes 

 (2,734 

 ) 

 Repayment of mortgage financings 

 (33,998 

 ) 

 Increase in capitalized interest costs 

 (7,197 

 ) 

 Principal amortization of continuing debt and other (excluding senior notes) 

 (2,718 

 ) 

 Total decreases to interest expense 

 $ 

 (88,444 

 ) 

 Total change in interest expense 

 $ 

 16,052 

 The following properties are
included in the repayment of mortgage financings line item: Eight Cambridge Center, 202, 206 & 214 Carnegie Center, South of Market, Democracy Tower, 10 and 20 Burlington Mall Road, 91 Hartwell Avenue, 1330 Connecticut Avenue, Wisconsin
Place Office, 601 Lexington Avenue and Reservoir Place. The following properties are included in the new mortgages/properties placed in-service/acquisition 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

financings line item: John Hancock Tower, Bay Colony Corporate Center, 510 Madison Avenue, Atlantic Wharf and 601 Lexington Avenue. As properties are placed in-service, we cease capitalizing
interest and interest is then expensed. Included within the interest on our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit line item is the interest expense associated with our borrowing that had been secured by 601 Lexington Avenue. For
information on the Montvale Center mortgage loan see Notes 3, 6 and 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is not included in our operating results. These costs are
capitalized and included in real estate assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. Interest capitalized for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was approximately $48.2 million and
$41.0 million, respectively. These costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above. 
 
 At December 31, 2011, our variable rate debt consisted of our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit. 

 Losses from Early Extinguishments of Debt 

 On November 9, 2011, our Operating Partnership
repurchased $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 for approximately $50.2 million. The repurchased notes had an aggregate carrying value of approximately $49.6 million at the time of
repurchase resulting in the recognition of a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $0.6 million. 

 On November 9, 2011, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our Reservoir Place property, located in
Waltham, Massachusetts, totaling $50.0 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a variable rate equal to Eurodollar plus 2.20% per annum and was scheduled to mature on July 30, 2014. There was no prepayment penalty. We recognized a
loss from early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.5 million consisting of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 

 On November 16, 2011, we terminated the construction loan facility collateralized by our Atlantic Wharf property, located in Boston,
Massachusetts, totaling $192.5 million. The construction loan facility bore interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.00% per annum and was scheduled to mature on April 21, 2012 with two, one-year extension options, subject to
certain conditions. We did not draw any amounts under the facility. We recognized a loss from early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.4 million consisting of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 

 On December 12, 2010, our Operating Partnership
completed the redemption of $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.25% senior notes due 2013. The redemption price was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and was approximately $793.1 million. The redemption price
included approximately $17.9 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 110.75% of the principal amount being redeemed. In
addition, on November 29, 2010, we entered into two treasury lock agreements to fix the yield on the U.S. Treasury issue used in determining the redemption price on notional amounts aggregating $700.0 million. On December 9, 2010, we
cash-settled the treasury lock agreements and paid approximately $2.1 million. As a result of the payment of the redemption premium, the settlement of the treasury locks and the write-off of deferred financing costs, we recognized an aggregate loss
on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $79.3 million. Following the partial redemption, there is an aggregate of $225.0 million of these notes outstanding. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2010, our Operating
Partnership repurchased approximately $236.3 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 for approximately $236.6 million. The repurchased notes had an aggregate allocated liability and equity value of
approximately $225.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively, at the time of repurchase resulting in the recognition of a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $10.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2010.

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2010, we used available cash to repay approximately
$501.2 million of outstanding mortgage loans. Associated with the repayments, we paid a prepayment penalty totaling approximately $0.3 million, wrote off approximately $0.2 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and recognized a gain of
approximately $0.4 million related to the write off of a remaining historical fair value balance. 
 
 Gains on Sales of Real Estate 
 
 On April 14, 2008, we sold a parcel of land located in Washington, DC for approximately $33.7 million. We had previously entered into a development management agreement with the buyer to develop a
Class A office property on the parcel totaling approximately 165,000 net rentable square feet. Due to our involvement in the construction of the project, the gain on sale was deferred and has been recognized over the project construction period
generally based on the percentage of total project costs incurred to estimated total project costs. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we completed construction of the project and recognized the remaining gain on sale totaling
approximately $1.8 million. We have recognized a cumulative gain on sale of approximately $23.4 million. 

 Pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement related to the 2006 sale of 280 Park Avenue, we entered into a master lease agreement with the
buyer at closing. Under the master lease agreement, we guaranteed that the buyer will receive at least a minimum amount of base rent from approximately 74,340 square feet of space during the ten-year period following the expiration of the leases for
this space. The leases for this space expired at various times between June 2006 and October 2007. The aggregate amount of base rent we guaranteed over the entire period from 2006 to 2017 was approximately $67.3 million. On May 5, 2010, we
satisfied the requirements of our master lease agreement, resulting in the recognition of the remaining deferred gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $1.0 million. 

 Noncontrolling Interests in Property Partnerships 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships decreased
by approximately $1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011, noncontrolling interests in property partnerships consisted of the outside
owner’s equity interest in the income from our 505
9 th Street property. 

 For the year ended December 31,
2010, noncontrolling interests in property partnerships consist of the outside equity owners’ interests in the income from our 505 9 th Street and our Wisconsin Place Office properties. On December 23, 2010, we acquired the outside member’s
33.3% equity interest in our consolidated joint venture entity that owns the Wisconsin Place Office property located in Chevy Chase, Maryland for cash of approximately $25.5 million. The acquisition was accounted for as an equity transaction in
accordance with ASC 810. The difference between the purchase price and the carrying value of the outside member’s equity interest, totaling approximately $19.1 million, reduced additional paid-in capital in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 Noncontrolling Interest—Common Units of the Operating
Partnership 
 
 Noncontrolling
interest—common units of the Operating Partnership increased by approximately $12.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to 2010 due to an increase in allocable income partially offset by a decrease in the noncontrolling
interest’s ownership percentage. 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 General 

 Our principal liquidity needs for the next twelve months and
beyond are to: 

 • 

 fund normal recurring expenses; 

 • 

 meet debt service and principal repayment obligations, including balloon payments on maturing debt; 

 • 

 redeem or meet repurchase obligations that may be elected in May 2013 by our Operating Partnership or holders, respectively, with respect to our
Operating Partnership’s 3.750% exchangeable senior notes due 2036; 

 • 

 fund capital expenditures, including major renovations, tenant improvements and leasing costs; 

 • 

 fund development costs; 

 • 

 fund possible property acquisitions; and 

 • 

 make the minimum distribution required to maintain our REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

 We expect to satisfy these
needs using one or more of the following: 

 • 

 cash flow from operations; 

 • 

 distribution of cash flows from joint ventures; 

 • 

 cash and cash equivalent balances; 

 • 

 issuances of our equity securities and/or additional preferred or common units of partnership interest in our Operating Partnership;

 • 

 our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit or other short-term bridge facilities; 

 • 

 construction loans; 

 • 

 long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness (including unsecured exchangeable indebtedness); and 

 • 

 sales of real estate. 

 We draw on multiple financing sources to fund our long-term capital needs. Our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit is
utilized primarily as a bridge facility to fund acquisition opportunities, refinance outstanding indebtedness and meet short-term development and working capital needs. Although we generally seek to fund our development projects with construction
loans, which may be guaranteed by our Operating Partnership, the financing for each particular project ultimately depends on several factors, including, among others, the project’s size and duration, the extent of pre-leasing and our available
cash and access to cost effective capital at the given time. 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table presents information on properties under construction as of
December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Construction Properties 

 Estimated 
 Stabilization 
 Date 

 Location 

 # of 
 Buildings 

 Square 
 feet 

 Investment 
 to Date(1) 

 Estimated 
Total 
 Investment(1) 

 Percentage 
 Leased(2) 

 Office 

 Annapolis Junction Building Six (50% ownership) (3) 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Annapolis, MD 

 1 

 120,000 

 $ 

 11,167 

 $ 

 14,000 

 49 

 % 

 500 North Capitol Street, NW (30% ownership)(3) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2013 

 Washington, DC 

 1 

 232,000 

 30,033 

 36,540 

 82 

 % 

 Two Patriots Park (formerly known as 12300 Sunrise Valley Drive)(4) 

 Second Quarter, 2013 

 Reston, VA 

 1 

 255,951 

 52,558 

 64,000 

 100 

 % 

 Seventeen Cambridge Center 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Cambridge, MA 

 1 

 195,191 

 59,102 

 86,300 

 100 

 % 

 Cambridge Center Connector(5) 

 Third Quarter, 2013 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 42,500 

 6,892 

 24,600 

 100 

 % 

 Annapolis Junction Building Seven (50% ownership) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2014 

 Annapolis, MD 

 1 

 125,000 

 3,995 

 16,050 

 — 

 680 Folsom Street 

 Third Quarter, 2015 

 San Francisco, CA 

 2 

 522,000 

 185,848 

 340,000 

 85 

 % 

 250 West 55 th Street(6) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2015 

 New York, NY 

 1 

 989,000 

 730,812 

 1,050,000 

 46 

 % 

 Total Office Properties under Construction 

 8 

 2,481,642 

 $ 

 1,080,407 

 $ 

 1,631,490 

 66 

 % 

 Residential 

 The Avant at Reston Town Center (359 units) 

 Fourth Quarter, 2015 

 Reston, VA 

 1 

 355,668 

 $ 

 67,620 

 $ 

 137,250 

 N/A 

 Total Properties under Construction 

 9 

 2,837,310 

 $ 

 1,148,027 

 $ 

 1,768,740 

 66 

 % 

 (1) 

 Represents our share. Includes net revenue during lease up period, acquisition expenses and approximately $51.2 million of construction cost and leasing commission
accruals. 

 (2) 

 Represents percentage leased as of February 21, 2013, includes leases with future commencement dates and excludes residential space. 

 (3) 

 This development project has a construction loan. 

 (4) 

 Project costs include the incremental costs related to redevelopment and excludes original investment in the asset. 

 (5) 

 This project is part of a lease expansion and extension for a tenant at Cambridge Center. 

 (6) 

 Investment to Date excludes approximately $24.8 million of costs that were expensed in prior periods in connection with the suspension of development activities.
Estimated Total Investment includes approximately $230 million of interest capitalization. 

 Contractual rental revenue, recoveries from tenants, other income from operations, available cash balances and draws on our Operating
Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit are our principal sources of capital used to pay operating expenses, debt service, recurring capital expenditures and the minimum distribution required to enable us to maintain our REIT qualification. We
seek to maximize income from our existing properties by maintaining quality standards for our properties that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in rental rates while reducing tenant turnover and controlling operating expenses. Our
sources of revenue also include third-party fees generated by our property management, leasing, and development and construction businesses, as well as the sale of assets from time to time. We believe our revenue, together with our cash balances and
proceeds from financing activities, will continue to provide the necessary funds for our short-term liquidity needs. 

 Material adverse changes in one or more sources of capital may adversely affect our net cash flows. Such changes, in turn, could adversely
affect our ability to fund dividends and distributions, debt service payments and tenant improvements. In addition, a material adverse change in the cash provided by our operations may affect our ability to comply with the financial covenants under
our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit and unsecured senior notes. 

 81 

 Table of Contents 

 Since January 1, 2012, we issued an aggregate of 2,347,500 shares of our common stock
under our “at the market” (“ATM”) stock offering program for gross proceeds of approximately $249.8 million and net proceeds of approximately $247.0 million. Our ATM stock offering program provides us with the ability to sell
from time to time up to an aggregate of $600.0 million of our common stock through sales agents for a three-year period. As of February 21, 2013, approximately $305.3 million remained available for issuance under this ATM stock offering
program. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sales for general business purposes, which may include investment opportunities and debt reduction. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing securities.

 On August 29, 2012, in connection with our
acquisition of 680 Folsom Street, our Operating Partnership issued 1,588,100 Series Four Preferred Units of limited partnership interest having a per unit liquidation preference of $50.00 and the right to receive quarterly distributions of $0.25 per
unit for an aggregate value of approximately $79.4 million. An aggregate of 366,573 of such units were redeemed on August 31, 2012. 

 In June 2012, our Operating Partnership issued $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes due 2023 at an effective yield of 3.954%. During
2012, we repaid, repurchased or redeemed an aggregate of $1.0 billion of indebtedness with an average GAAP interest rate of 5.58%. We have secured and unsecured debt maturities in 2013 aggregating approximately $637 million, of which our share is
approximately $593 million, which we expect to redeem, repay or refinance. The completion of our properties under construction through late 2015 has remaining costs to fund of approximately $1.0 billion, which includes the estimated acquisition and
completion cost for 535 Mission Street in San Francisco, California (See Note 20) and 601 Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, DC. In addition, we anticipate that our Transbay Tower joint venture will acquire the land and incur predevelopment costs
aggregating $225 million in 2013. We believe that our liquidity, including available cash as of February 21, 2013 of approximately $800 million, and the approximately $735 million available under our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line
of Credit, provide sufficient capacity to meet our debt obligations, fund our remaining equity capital requirements on existing development projects and pursue attractive additional investment opportunities. However, we may seek to enhance our
liquidity in the future, through the issuances of debt or equity securities, the possible sale of select assets or a combination of one or more of the foregoing, which may result in us carrying additional cash and cash equivalents pending our
Operating Partnership’s use of the proceeds. In order to reduce future cash interest payments, as well as future amounts due at maturity or upon redemption, we may, from time to time, purchase unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable
senior notes for cash in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or both. We will evaluate any such potential transactions in light of then-existing market conditions, taking into account the trading prices of the notes, our
current liquidity and prospects for future access to capital. 
 
 REIT Tax Distribution Considerations 
 
 Dividend 
 
 As a REIT we are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we currently distribute at least 90% of our annual taxable income. Our policy is to
distribute at least 100% of our taxable income to avoid paying federal tax. On November 8, 2012, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend from $0.55 per common share to $0.65 per common share. Our Board of Directors will continue
to evaluate our dividend rate in light of our actual and projected taxable income, liquidity requirements and other circumstances, and there can be no assurance that the future dividends declared by our Board of Directors will not differ materially.

 Sales 

 To the extent that we sell assets at a gain and cannot
efficiently use the proceeds in a tax deferred manner for either our development activities or attractive acquisitions, we would, at the appropriate time, decide whether it is better to declare a special dividend, adopt a stock repurchase program,
reduce our indebtedness or retain the 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

cash for future investment opportunities. Such a decision will depend on many factors including, among others, the timing, availability and terms of development and acquisition opportunities, our
then-current and anticipated leverage, the cost and availability of capital from other sources, the price of our common stock and REIT distribution requirements. At a minimum, we expect that we would distribute at least that amount of proceeds
necessary for us to avoid paying corporate level tax on the applicable gains realized from any asset sales. 

 Cash Flow Summary 

 The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and is not meant to be an
all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were approximately $1.0 billion and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, representing an decrease of approximately $0.8 billion. The following table
sets forth changes in cash flows: 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Increase 
 (Decrease) 

 (in thousands) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 642,949 

 $ 

 606,328 

 $ 

 36,621 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (1,278,032 

 ) 

 (90,096 

 ) 

 (1,187,936 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (146,147 

 ) 

 828,028 

 (974,175 

 ) 

 Our principal source of cash
flow is related to the operation of our office properties. The average term of our in-place tenant leases, including our unconsolidated joint ventures, is approximately 6.9 years with occupancy rates historically in the range of 91% to 94%. Our
properties generate a relatively consistent stream of cash flow that provides us with resources to pay operating expenses, debt service and fund quarterly dividend and distribution payment requirements. In addition, over the past several years, we
have raised capital through the sale of some of our properties, secured and unsecured borrowings and equity offerings. 

 Cash is used in investing activities to fund acquisitions, development, net investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and recurring and
nonrecurring capital expenditures. We selectively invest in new projects that enable us to take advantage of our development, leasing, financing and property management skills and invest in existing buildings to enhance or maintain their market
position. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 consisted primarily of funding our development projects and our acquisition of Bay Colony Corporate Center, 100 Federal Street, 680 Folsom Street and
Fountain Square, as detailed below: 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (in thousands) 

 Acquisitions of real estate 

 $ 

 (788,052 

 ) 

 $ 

 (112,180 

 ) 

 Construction in progress 

 (356,397 

 ) 

 (271,856 

 ) 

 Building and other capital improvements 

 (49,943 

 ) 

 (61,961 

 ) 

 Tenant improvements 

 (139,662 

 ) 

 (76,320 

 ) 

 Proceeds from the sale of real estate 

 61,963 

 — 

 Proceeds from mortgage loan released from escrow 

 — 

 267,500 

 Proceeds from land transaction 

 — 

 43,887 

 Deposits on real estate 

 — 

 10,000 

 Issuance of notes receivable, net 

 (2,049 

 ) 

 (10,442 

 ) 

 Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (6,214 

 ) 

 (17,970 

 ) 

 Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 3,557 

 140,505 

 Investments in securities, net 

 (1,235 

 ) 

 (1,259 

 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 $ 

 (1,278,032 

 ) 

 $ 

 (90,096 

 ) 

 83 

 Table of Contents 

 Cash used in investing activities changed primarily due to the following: 

 • 

 On February 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Bay Colony Corporate Center in Waltham, Massachusetts for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $185.0 million. The purchase price consisted of approximately $41.1 million of cash and the assumption of approximately $143.9 million of indebtedness. In connection with this transaction, we deposited $10.0 million in escrow,
which was returned to us at closing. 

 • 

 On November 22, 2011, we acquired 2440 West El Camino Real located in Mountain View, California for a net purchase price of approximately $71.1
million in cash. 2440 West El Camino Real is an approximately 140,000 net rentable square foot Class A office property. 

 • 

 On March 1, 2012, we acquired 453 Ravendale Drive located in Mountain View, California for a purchase price of approximately $6.7 million in cash.

 • 

 On March 13, 2012, we acquired 100 Federal Street in Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate investment of approximately $615.0 million in cash.

 • 

 On August 29, 2012, we acquired the development project located at 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco, California. The consideration paid by us to
the seller consisted of approximately $62.2 million in cash. 

 • 

 On October 4, 2012, we completed the formation of a consolidated joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia
for an aggregate cash investment from us of approximately $100.0 million. 

 • 

 Construction in progress for the year ended December 31, 2011 includes ongoing expenditures associated with our Atlantic Wharf Office, 2200
Pennsylvania Avenue, the Residences on The Avenue, 510 Madison Avenue and The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf developments, which were fully or partially placed in-service during the year ended December 31, 2011. In addition, for the year ended
December 31, 2011, we also incurred costs associated with the continued development and redevelopment of 250 West 55th Street, Seventeen Cambridge Center and One Patriots Park. Construction in progress for the year ended December 31, 2012
includes expenditures associated with our 510 Madison Avenue and One Patriots Park developments, which were fully placed in-service during the year ended December 31, 2012. In addition, we incurred costs associated with the continued
development and redevelopment of Two Patriots Park, Seventeen Cambridge Center, The Avant at Reston Town Center, the Cambridge Center Connector, 250 West 55 th Street and 680 Folsom Street. The completion of our ongoing developments, including our share of our unconsolidated
joint venture developments, through 2015 is expected to be fully funded by cash and available draws from construction loans. We estimate our future funding requirement to complete our developments, which includes our share of our unconsolidated
joint venture developments and 535 Mission Street and 601 Massachusetts Avenue, to be approximately $1.0 billion. 

 • 

 Tenant improvement costs increased by approximately $63.3 million due to the start of large tenant projects in 2012. 

 • 

 On May 17, 2012, we completed the sale of our Bedford Business Park properties located in Bedford, Massachusetts for approximately $62.8 million
in cash. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $62.0 million. 

 • 

 Proceeds from mortgage loan released from escrow related to the release of the mortgage loan for 510 Madison Avenue, located in New York City, which
had been secured by cash deposits. 

 • 

 Proceeds from land transaction relates to the portion of the payment received by us for our 75 Ames Street land parcel from a third-party which we
estimate will relate to the ultimate conveyance of a condominium interest to the third-party upon the anticipated completion of the development of the property and does not include the portion attributable to rental of the land during the period of
development. 

 84 

 Table of Contents 

 Cash used by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2012 totaled
approximately $146.1 million. This consisted primarily of the repurchase/redemption of all of our Operating Partnership’s outstanding 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037, the redemption of our Operating Partnership’s outstanding
6.25% senior notes due 2013, the payments of dividends and distributions to our shareholders and the unitholders of our Operating Partnership and the repayment of mortgage notes payable, partially offset by the issuance of $1.0 billion of our
Operating Partnership’s 3.850% senior notes due 2023 and the net proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock under our ATM stock offering program. Future debt payments are discussed below under the heading
“Capitalization — Debt Financing.” 

 Capitalization 

 At December 31, 2012, our total consolidated debt was approximately $8.9 billion. The GAAP weighted-average annual interest rate on
our consolidated indebtedness was 5.13% (with a coupon/stated rate of 4.89%) and the weighted-average maturity was approximately 5.7 years. 

 Consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio, defined as total consolidated debt as a percentage of the value of
our outstanding equity securities plus our total consolidated debt, is a measure of leverage commonly used by analysts in the REIT sector. Our total consolidated market capitalization was approximately $27.0 billion at December 31, 2012. Our
total consolidated market capitalization was calculated using the December 31, 2012 closing stock price of $105.81 per common share and the following: (1) 151,601,209 shares of our common stock, (2) 16,053,497 outstanding common units
of partnership interest in our Operating Partnership (excluding common units held by us), (3) an aggregate of 1,307,083 common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding Series Two Preferred Units of partnership interest in our Operating
Partnership, (4) an aggregate of 1,303,296 common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding LTIP Units, assuming all conditions have been met for the conversion of the LTIP Units, (5) 1,221,527 Series Four Preferred Units of
partnership interest in our Operating Partnership multiplied by the fixed liquidation preference of $50 per unitand (6) our consolidated debt totaling approximately $8.9 billion. The calculation of total consolidated market capitalization does
not include 400,000 2011 OPP Units and 400,000 2012 OPP Units because, unlike other LTIP Units, they are not earned until certain return thresholds are achieved. Our total consolidated debt, which excludes debt collateralized by our unconsolidated
joint ventures, at December 31, 2012, represented approximately 33.02% of our total consolidated market capitalization. This percentage will fluctuate with changes in the market value of our common stock and does not necessarily reflect our
capacity to incur additional debt to finance our activities or our ability to manage our existing debt obligations. However, for a company like ours, whose assets are primarily income-producing real estate, the consolidated debt to total
consolidated market capitalization ratio may provide investors with an alternate indication of leverage, so long as it is evaluated along with other financial ratios and the various components of our outstanding indebtedness. 

 For a discussion of our unconsolidated joint venture
indebtedness, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capitalization—Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements—Joint Venture Indebtedness” within “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.” 
 
 Debt
Financing 
 
 As of December 31, 2012,
we had approximately $8.9 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness, representing approximately 33.02% of our total consolidated market capitalization as calculated above consisting of approximately (1) $4.640 billion (net of discount)
in publicly traded unsecured senior notes (excluding exchangeable senior notes) having a weighted-average interest rate of 4.74% per annum and maturities in 2015, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2023; (2) $446.3 million (net of adjustment for
the equity component allocation) of exchangeable senior notes having a GAAP interest rate of 5.958% per annum (an effective rate of 3.787% per annum, excluding the effect of the adjustment for the equity component allocation), an initial
optional redemption date in 2013 and maturity in 2036; (3) $724.0 million (net of discount and the adjustment for the equity component allocation) of exchangeable senior notes having a GAAP interest rate of 6.555% per annum

 85 

 Table of Contents 

(an effective rate of 4.037%, excluding the effect of the adjustment for the equity component allocation) and maturing in 2014; and (4) $3.1 billion of property-specific mortgage debt having
a GAAP weighted-average interest rate of 5.27% per annum and weighted-average term of 5.2 years. The table below summarizes our mortgage notes payable, our unsecured senior notes and our Unsecured Line of Credit at December 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2011: 

 2012 

 2011 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Debt Summary: 

 Balance 

 Fixed rate mortgage notes payable 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 $ 

 3,123,267 

 Variable rate mortgage notes payable 

 — 

 — 

 Unsecured senior notes, net of discount 

 4,639,528 

 3,865,186 

 Unsecured exchangeable senior notes, net of discount and adjustment for the equity component allocation 

 1,170,356 

 1,715,685 

 Unsecured Line of Credit 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 $ 

 8,912,369 

 $ 

 8,704,138 

 Percent of total debt: 

 Fixed rate 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 GAAP Weighted-average interest rate at end of period: 

 Fixed rate 

 5.13 

 % 

 5.39 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 5.13 

 % 

 5.39 

 % 

 Coupon/Stated Weighted-average interest rate at end of period: 

 Fixed rate 

 4.89 

 % 

 4.99 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 4.89 

 % 

 4.99 

 % 

 Unsecured Line of Credit

 On June 24, 2011, our Operating
Partnership amended and restated the revolving credit agreement governing our Operating Partnership’s Unsecured Line of Credit, which (1) reduced the total commitment from $1.0 billion to $750.0 million, (2) extended the maturity date
from August 3, 2011 to June 24, 2014, with a provision for a one-year extension at the Operating Partnership’s option, subject to certain conditions and the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.20% of the total commitment then in
effect, and (3) increased the per annum variable interest rates available, which resulted in an increase of the per annum variable interest rate on outstanding balances from Eurodollar plus 0.475% per annum to Eurodollar plus
1.225% per annum. Under the amended Unsecured Line of Credit, the Operating Partnership may increase the total commitment to $1.0 billion, subject to syndication of the increase. In addition, a facility fee currently equal to an aggregate of
0.225% per annum of the total commitment is payable in equal quarterly installments. The interest rate and facility fee are subject to adjustment in the event of a change in the Operating Partnership’s unsecured debt ratings. The amended
Unsecured Line of Credit also contains a competitive bid option that allows banks that are part of the lender consortium to bid to make loan advances to the Operating Partnership at a reduced interest rate. Our ability to borrow under our Unsecured
Line of Credit is subject to our compliance with a number of customary financial and other covenants on an ongoing basis, including: 

 • 

 a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one
year; 

 86 

 Table of Contents 

 • 

 a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 55%; 

 • 

 a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.40; 

 • 

 an unsecured leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60%
within one year; 

 • 

 a minimum net worth requirement of $3.5 billion; 

 • 

 an unsecured debt interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75; and 

 • 

 limitations on permitted investments. 

 We believe we are in compliance with the financial and other covenants listed above. 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had no borrowings and
outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately $14.8 million outstanding under the Unsecured Line of Credit, with the ability to borrow approximately $735.2 million. As of February 21, 2013, we had no borrowings and outstanding
letters of credit totaling approximately $15.0 million outstanding under the Unsecured Line of Credit, with the ability to borrow approximately $735.0 million. 

 Unsecured Senior Notes 

 The following summarizes the unsecured senior notes
outstanding as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Coupon/ 
 Stated Rate 

 Effective 
 Rate(1) 

 Principal 
 Amount 

 Maturity Date(2) 

 12 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.625 

 % 

 5.693 

 % 

 $ 

 300,000 

 April 15, 2015 

 12 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.000 

 % 

 5.194 

 % 

 250,000 

 June 1, 2015 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.875 

 % 

 5.967 

 % 

 700,000 

 October 15, 2019 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.625 

 % 

 5.708 

 % 

 700,000 

 November 15, 2020 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 4.125 

 % 

 4.289 

 % 

 850,000 

 May 15, 2021 

 7 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 3.700 

 % 

 3.853 

 % 

 850,000 

 November 15, 2018 

 11 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 3.850 

 % 

 3.954 

 % 

 1,000,000 

 February 1, 2023 

 Total principal 

 4,650,000 

 Net unamortized discount 

 (10,472 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 4,639,528 

 (1) 

 Yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes. 

 (2) 

 No principal amounts are due prior to maturity. 

 Our unsecured senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100%
of their principal amount or (2) the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted at a rate equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities with a comparable maturity plus 35 basis points (or
25 basis points in the case of the $250 million of notes that mature on June 1, 2015, 40 basis points in the case of the $700 million of notes that mature on October 15, 2019 and 30 basis points in the case of the $700 million and $850
million of notes that mature on November 15, 2020 and May 15, 2021, respectively), in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The indenture under which our unsecured senior notes were issued contains restrictions
on incurring debt and using our assets as security in other financing transactions and other customary financial and other covenants, including (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%,
(3) an interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) unencumbered asset value to be no less than 150% of our unsecured debt. As of December 31, 2012, we believe we were in compliance with each of these financial restrictions
and requirements. 

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 Unsecured Exchangeable Senior Notes 
 
 The following summarizes the unsecured exchangeable senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2012
(dollars in thousands): 

 Coupon/ 
 Stated Rate 

 Effective 
 Rate(1) 

 Exchange 
 Rate 

 Principal 
 Amount 

 First Optional 
 Redemption 
Date 
 by Company 

 Maturity Date 

 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 3.625 

 % 

 4.037 

 % 

 8.5051 

 (2) 

 $ 

 747,500 

 N/A 

 February 15, 2014 

 3.750% Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 3.750 

 % 

 3.787 

 % 

 10.0066 

 (3) 

 450,000 

 May 18, 2013(4) 

 May 15, 2036 

 Total principal 

 1,197,500 

 Net unamortized discount 

 (1,653 

 ) 

 Adjustment for the equity component allocation, net of accumulated amortization 

 (25,491 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,170,356 

 (1) 

 Yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes but excluding the effects of the adjustment for the equity component allocation.

 (2) 

 The initial exchange rate is 8.5051 shares per $1,000 principal amount of the notes (or an initial exchange price of approximately $117.58 per share of our common
stock). In addition, we entered into capped call transactions with affiliates of certain of the initial purchasers, which are intended to reduce the potential dilution upon future exchange of the notes. The capped call transactions were expected to
have the effect of increasing the effective exchange price to us of the notes from $117.58 to approximately $137.17 per share (subject to adjustment), representing an overall effective premium of approximately 40% over the closing price on
August 13, 2008 of $97.98 per share of our common stock. The net cost of the capped call transactions was approximately $44.4 million. As of December 31, 2012, the effective exchange price was $134.70 per share. 

 (3) 

 In connection with the special dividend of $5.98 per share of common stock declared on December 17, 2007, the exchange rate was adjusted from 9.3900 to 10.0066
shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes effective as of December 31, 2007, resulting in an exchange price of approximately $99.93 per share of our common stock. 

 (4) 

 Holders may require our Operating Partnership to repurchase the notes for cash on May 18, 2013 and on May 15 of 2016, 2021, 2026 and 2031 and at any time
prior to their maturity upon a fundamental change, in each case at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 

 88 

 Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Notes Payable 
 
 The following represents the outstanding principal balances due under the mortgage notes payable at
December 31, 2012: 

 Properties 

 Stated 
 Interest 
Rate 

 GAAP 
 Interest 
Rate(1) 

 Stated 
 Principal 
 Amount 

 Historical 
 Fair Value 
 Adjustment 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Maturity Date 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 599 Lexington Avenue 

 5.57 

 % 

 5.41 

 % 

 $ 

 750,000 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 750,000 

 (2)(3) 

 March 1, 2017 

 601 Lexington Avenue 

 4.75 

 % 

 4.79 

 % 

 725,000 

 — 

 725,000 

 April 10, 2022 

 John Hancock Tower 

 5.68 

 % 

 5.05 

 % 

 640,500 

 16,072 

 656,572 

 (1)(3)(4) 

 January 6, 2017 

 Embarcadero Center Four 

 6.10 

 % 

 7.02 

 % 

 365,263 

 — 

 365,263 

 (5) 

 December 1, 2016 

 Fountain Square 

 5.71 

 % 

 2.56 

 % 

 211,250 

 21,666 

 232,916 

 (1)(3)(6) 

 October 11, 2016 

 505 9 th Street 

 5.73 

 % 

 5.87 

 % 

 123,666 

 — 

 123,666 

 (6) 

 November 1, 2017 

 New Dominion Tech Park, Bldg. Two 

 5.55 

 % 

 5.58 

 % 

 63,000 

 — 

 63,000 

 (3) 

 October 1, 2014 

 140 Kendrick Street 

 7.51 

 % 

 5.25 

 % 

 47,888 

 470 

 48,358 

 (1) 

 July 1, 2013 

 New Dominion Tech Park, Bldg. One 

 7.69 

 % 

 7.84 

 % 

 45,418 

 — 

 45,418 

 January 15, 2021 

 Kingstowne Two and Retail 

 5.99 

 % 

 5.61 

 % 

 34,794 

 410 

 35,204 

 (1) 

 January 1, 2016 

 Montvale Center 

 9.93 

 % 

 10.07 

 % 

 25,000 

 — 

 25,000 

 (7) 

 Kingstowne One 

 5.96 

 % 

 5.68 

 % 

 17,062 

 26 

 17,088 

 (1)(8) 

 May 5, 2013 

 University Place 

 6.94 

 % 

 6.99 

 % 

 15,000 

 — 

 15,000 

 August 1, 2021 

 Total 

 $ 

 3,063,841 

 $ 

 38,644 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 (1) 

 GAAP interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges, effects of hedging transactions and adjustments
required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition. All adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition are noted above. 

 (2) 

 On December 19, 2006, we terminated the forward-starting interest rate swap contracts related to this financing and received approximately $10.9 million, which
amount is reducing our GAAP interest expense for this mortgage over the term of the financing, resulting in an effective interest rate of 5.41% per annum for the financing. The stated interest rate is 5.57% per annum.

 (3) 

 The mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity. 

 (4) 

 In connection with the mortgage financing we have agreed to guarantee approximately $0.8 million related to our obligation to provide funds for certain tenant
re-leasing costs. 

 (5) 

 On November 13, 2008, we closed on an eight-year, $375.0 million mortgage loan collateralized by this property. The mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate of
6.10% per annum. Under our interest rate hedging program, we are reclassifying into earnings over the eight-year term of the loan as an increase in interest expense approximately $26.4 million (approximately $3.3 million per year) of the
amounts recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss resulting in an effective interest rate of 7.02% per annum. 

 (6) 

 This property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 50% interest. 

 (7) 

 The servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan on our Montvale Center property located in Gaithersburg, Maryland foreclosed on the property on January 31, 2012. As
a result of the foreclosure, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt during the first quarter of 2012 totaling approximately $15.8 million, net of noncontrolling interests’ share of approximately $2.0 million. Due to a procedural error by
the trustee, the foreclosure sale was subsequently dismissed by the applicable court prior to ratification. As a result, we have revised our financial statements to properly reflect the property and related mortgage debt on our Consolidated Balance
Sheet at December 31, 2012 and have reversed the gain on forgiveness of debt and recognized the operating activity from the property within our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012. A subsequent
foreclosure sale occurred on December 21, 2012 and ratification by the applicable court is pending. Once ratified, we will recognize a gain on forgiveness of debt. These events have no impact on our cash flows. 

 (8) 

 On February 5, 2013, we used available cash to repay this mortgage loan. 

 89 

 Table of Contents 

 Contractual aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at December 31, 2012
are as follows: 

 Year 

 Principal Payments 

 (in thousands) 

 2013 

 $ 

 105,313 

 2014 

 87,757 

 2015 

 26,182 

 2016 

 608,879 

 2017 

 1,521,750 

 Thereafter 

 713,960 

 Market Risk 

 Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in
market prices and interest rates. Our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Our primary market risk results from our indebtedness, which bears interest at
fixed and variable rates. The fair value of our debt obligations are affected by changes in the market interest rates. We manage our market risk by matching long-term leases with long-term, fixed-rate, non-recourse debt of similar duration. We
continue to follow a conservative strategy of generally pre-leasing development projects on a long-term basis to creditworthy tenants in order to achieve the most favorable construction and permanent financing terms. Approximately 100% of our
outstanding debt has fixed interest rates, which minimizes the interest rate risk through the maturity of such outstanding debt. We also manage our market risk by entering into hedging arrangements with financial institutions. Our primary objectives
when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions is to reduce our floating rate exposure and to fix a portion of the interest rate for anticipated financing and refinancing transactions. This in turn, reduces the risks that the
variability of cash flows imposes on variable rate debt. Our strategy mitigates against future increases in our interest rates. 

 At December 31, 2012 our weighted-average coupon/stated rate on all of our outstanding debt, all of which had a fixed interest rate,
was 4.89% per annum. At December 31, 2012 we had no outstanding variable rate debt. The weighted-average coupon/stated rate for our senior notes and unsecured exchangeable debt was 4.66% and 3.80%, respectively. 

 Funds from Operations 

 Pursuant to the revised definition of Funds from Operations
adopted by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, we calculate Funds from Operations, or FFO, by adjusting net income (loss) attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (computed in accordance with GAAP, including non-recurring items) for gains (or losses)
from sales of properties, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held
by the unconsolidated joint ventures, real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and preferred distributions. FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure. The use of FFO, combined
with the required primary GAAP presentations, has been fundamentally beneficial in improving the understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and making comparisons of REIT operating results more meaningful. Management
generally considers FFO to be a useful measure for reviewing our comparative operating and financial performance because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on
depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures and
excluding real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO can help one compare the operating performance of a
company’s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. Our computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT
definition or 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. Amount represents our share, which was 89.48%, 88.57%, 87.25%, 86.57% and 85.49% for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010,
2009 and 2008, respectively, after allocation to the noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership. 

 FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (determined in accordance with GAAP)
as an indication of our performance. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and is not a measure of liquidity or an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. We believe that to
further understand our performance, FFO should be compared with our reported net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. and considered in addition to cash flows in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 The following table presents a reconciliation of
net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. to FFO and FFO, as adjusted, for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008: 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (in thousands) 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 $ 

 231,014 

 $ 

 105,270 

 Add: 

 Noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 — 

 — 

 349 

 1,579 

 4,838 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 4,154 

 215 

 184 

 175 

 (70 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 31,046 

 36,035 

 23,915 

 35,359 

 14,462 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 3,497 

 3,339 

 3,343 

 3,594 

 4,226 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 3,792 

 1,558 

 3,464 

 2,778 

 1,997 

 Less: 

 Gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations 

 36,877 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 1,305 

 (483 

 ) 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 2,734 

 11,760 

 33,340 

 Income from continuing operations 

 294,222 

 311,945 

 186,151 

 261,434 

 97,866 

 Add: 

 Real estate depreciation and amortization (1) 

 542,753 

 541,791 

 450,546 

 446,718 

 382,600 

 Impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of
depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures (2) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 13,555 

 165,158 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 1,305 

 (483 

 ) 

 Less: 

 Gains on sales of real estate included within income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures (3) 

 248 

 46,166 

 572 

 — 

 — 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of Funds from Operations 

 5,684 

 3,412 

 6,862 

 5,513 

 3,949 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 3,497 

 3,339 

 3,343 

 3,594 

 3,738 

 Funds from Operations attributable to the Operating Partnership 

 828,586 

 802,700 

 627,362 

 713,905 

 637,454 

 Less: 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership’s share of Funds from Operations 

 87,167 

 91,709 

 80,006 

 95,899 

 92,465 

 Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 741,419 

 $ 

 710,991 

 $ 

 547,356 

 $ 

 618,006 

 $ 

 544,989 

 Our percentage share of Funds from Operations—basic 

 89.48 

 % 

 88.57 

 % 

 87.25 

 % 

 86.57 

 % 

 85.49 

 % 

 Weighted average shares outstanding—basic 

 150,120 

 145,693 

 139,440 

 131,050 

 119,980 

 (1) 

 Real estate depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization from the Consolidated Statements of Operations of $453,068, $436,612, $335,859,
$319,171 and $301,812, our share of unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization of $90,076, $103,970, $113,945, $126,943 and $80,303, and depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations of $976, $2,572, $2,512,
$2,510 and $2,335, less corporate related depreciation and amortization of $1,367, $1,363, $1,770, $1,906 and $1,850, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

 91 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 

 Consists of non-cash impairment losses on the Company’s investment in its Value-Added Fund totaling approximately $13.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2009. Consists of non-cash impairment losses of approximately $31.9 million, $74.3 million, $45.1 million and $13.8 million on the Company’s investments in 540 Madison Avenue, Two Grand Central Tower, 125 West 55th Street and
the Value-Added Fund, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2008. The non-cash impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures included above were driven by measurable decreases in the fair value of depreciable real
estate owned by the unconsolidated joint ventures and have been reflected within income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company has not included the non-cash impairment loss
on its investment in its Eighth Avenue and 46th Street unconsolidated joint venture totaling approximately $23.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2008 as the underlying real estate consisted of an assemblage of land parcels and
air-rights and therefore was not depreciable real estate. 

 (3) 

 Consists of approximately $0.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of 300 Billerica Road for the year ended December 31,
2012. Consists of approximately $46.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of Two Grand Central Tower for the year ended December 31, 2011. Consists of approximately $0.6 million related to our share of
the gain on sale associated with the sale of our 5.0% equity interest in the unconsolidated joint venture entity that owns the retail portion of the Wisconsin Place mixed-use property for the year ended December 31, 2010.

 92 

 Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation to Diluted Funds from Operations: 

 For the years ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares/Units 
 (Denominator) 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares/Units 
 (Denominator) 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares/Units 
 (Denominator) 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares/Units 
 (Denominator) 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares/Units 
 (Denominator) 

 Basic Funds from Operations 

 $ 

 828,586 

 167,769 

 $ 

 802,700 

 164,486 

 $ 

 627,362 

 159,821 

 $ 

 713,905 

 151,386 

 $ 

 637,454 

 140,336 

 Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

 Convertible Preferred Units 

 3,079 

 1,345 

 3,339 

 1,461 

 3,343 

 1,461 

 3,594 

 1,461 

 3,738 

 1,461 

 Stock based compensation and exchangeable senior notes 

 — 

 591 

 — 

 525 

 — 

 618 

 — 

 462 

 — 

 1,319 

 Diluted Funds from Operations 

 $ 

 831,665 

 169,705 

 $ 

 806,039 

 166,472 

 $ 

 630,705 

 161,900 

 $ 

 717,499 

 153,309 

 $ 

 641,192 

 143,116 

 Less: Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership’s share of diluted Funds from
Operations 

 86,493 

 17,649 

 90,992 

 18,793 

 79,400 

 20,382 

 95,174 

 20,336 

 91,201 

 20,357 

 Diluted Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. (1) 

 $ 

 745,172 

 152,056 

 $ 

 715,047 

 147,679 

 $ 

 551,305 

 141,518 

 $ 

 622,325 

 132,973 

 $ 

 549,991 

 122,759 

 (1) 

 Our share of diluted Funds from Operations was 89.60%, 88.71%, 87.41%, 86.74% and 85.78% for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

 93 

 Table of Contents 

 Net Operating Income 

 Net operating income, or “NOI,” is a non-GAAP
financial measure equal to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, plus net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, losses from early extinguishments of debt, losses (gains)
from investments in securities, net derivative losses, suspension of development, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, transaction costs and general and administrative expense, less gains on sales of real estate from discontinued
operations, income from discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate, income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures, interest and other income and development and management services revenue. We use NOI internally as a performance
measure and believe NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. Therefore, we believe NOI
is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets. 
 
 Our management also uses NOI to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. Further, we believe NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure
because, when compared across periods, NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately
apparent from net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. NOI excludes certain components from net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. in order to provide results that are more closely related to our properties’ results of
operations. For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. In addition, depreciation and amortization,
because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. NOI presented by us may not be comparable to NOI reported by other REITs and real estate companies that define NOI differently.
We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. NOI should
not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. 

 94 

 Table of Contents 

 The following sets forth a reconciliation of NOI to net income attributable to Boston
Properties, Inc. for the fiscal years 2008 through 2012. 

 Years ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Net operating income 

 $ 

 1,156,707 

 $ 

 1,101,543 

 $ 

 978,788 

 $ 

 953,747 

 $ 

 920,360 

 Add: 

 Development and management services income 

 34,077 

 33,425 

 41,215 

 34,863 

 30,494 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 49,078 

 85,896 

 36,774 

 12,058 

 (182,018 

 ) 

 Interest and other income 

 10,091 

 5,358 

 7,332 

 4,059 

 18,958 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 1,389 

 (443 

 ) 

 935 

 2,434 

 (4,604 

 ) 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 2,734 

 11,760 

 33,340 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 1,305 

 (483 

 ) 

 Gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations 

 36,877 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Less: 

 General and administrative 

 82,382 

 79,610 

 79,396 

 75,447 

 72,365 

 Transactions costs 

 3,653 

 1,987 

 2,876 

 — 

 — 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 27,766 

 — 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 453,068 

 436,612 

 335,859 

 319,171 

 301,812 

 Interest expense 

 413,564 

 394,131 

 378,079 

 322,833 

 294,126 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 4,453 

 1,494 

 89,883 

 510 

 — 

 Net derivative losses 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 17,021 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 3,792 

 1,558 

 3,464 

 2,778 

 1,997 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 3,497 

 3,339 

 3,343 

 3,594 

 4,226 

 Noncontrolling interests—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 31,046 

 36,035 

 23,915 

 35,359 

 14,462 

 Noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate and other assets—common units of the Operating
Partnership 

 — 

 — 

 349 

 1,579 

 4,838 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 4,154 

 215 

 184 

 175 

 (70 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 $ 

 231,014 

 $ 

 105,270 

 95 

 Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 

 As of December 31, 2012, we were subject to contractual
payment obligations as described in the table below. 

 Payments Due by Period 

 Total 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Contractual Obligations: 

 Long-term debt 

 Mortgage debt(1) 

 $ 

 3,893,677 

 $ 

 271,725 

 $ 

 249,263 

 $ 

 183,307 

 $ 

 760,279 

 $ 

 1,574,181 

 $ 

 854,922 

 Unsecured senior notes(1) 

 6,207,671 

 214,888 

 214,888 

 750,200 

 185,513 

 185,513 

 4,656,669 

 Exchangeable senior notes(1)(2) 

 1,237,751 

 483,477 

 754,274 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Unsecured line of credit(1) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Ground leases 

 980,861 

 12,820 

 13,184 

 13,507 

 13,732 

 13,963 

 913,655 

 Tenant obligations(3) 

 159,704 

 106,021 

 33,284 

 16,560 

 2,763 

 1,059 

 17 

 Construction contracts on development projects 

 720,560 

 380,285 

 204,296 

 109,479 

 25,091 

 1,409 

 — 

 Other obligations 

 2,294 

 473 

 73 

 73 

 1,363 

 73 

 239 

 Total Contractual Obligations 

 $ 

 13,202,518 

 $ 

 1,469,689 

 $ 

 1,469,262 

 $ 

 1,073,126 

 $ 

 988,741 

 $ 

 1,776,198 

 $ 

 6,425,502 

 (1) 

 Amounts include principal and interest payments. 

 (2) 

 Amounts for the 3.750% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 are included in 2013, which is the year in which the first optional redemption date occurs. (Amounts for the
3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014 are included in the year of maturity.) 

 (3) 

 Committed tenant-related obligations based on executed leases as of December 31, 2012 (tenant improvements and lease commissions). 

 We have various standing or renewable service contracts with
vendors related to our property management. In addition, we have certain other utility contracts we enter into in the ordinary course of business that may extend beyond one year and that vary based on usage. These contracts are not included as part
of our contractual obligations because they include terms that provide for cancellation with insignificant or no cancellation penalties. Contract terms are generally one year or less. 
 
 During 2012, we paid approximately $216 million to fund tenant-related obligations, including tenant
improvements and leasing commissions, and incurred approximately $260 million of new tenant-related obligations associated with approximately 4.9 million square feet of second generation leases, or approximately $53 per square foot. In
addition, we signed leases for approximately 631,000 square feet at our development properties. The tenant-related obligations for the development properties are included within the projects’ “Estimated Total Investment” referred
to in “ Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” In the aggregate, during 2012, we signed leases for approximately
5.5 million square feet of space and incurred aggregate tenant-related obligations of approximately $289 million, or approximately $52 per square foot. 

 96 

 Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements—Joint Venture Indebtedness 

 We have investments in thirteen unconsolidated joint
ventures (including our investment in the Value-Added Fund) with our effective ownership interests ranging from 25% to 60%. Nine of these joint ventures have mortgage indebtedness. We exercise significant influence over, but do not control, these
entities and therefore they are presently accounted for using the equity method of accounting. See also Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2012, the aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both our and our
partners’ share, incurred by these ventures was approximately $3.0 billion (of which our proportionate share is approximately $1.4 billion). The table below summarizes the outstanding debt of these joint venture properties at December 31,
2012. In addition to other guarantees specifically noted in the table, we have agreed to customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) on certain of the loans.

 Properties 

 Venture 
 Ownership 
 % 

 Stated 
 Interest 
 Rate 

 GAAP 
 Interest 
 Rate(1) 

 Stated 
 Principal 
 Amount 

 Historical 
 Fair 
Value 
 Adjustment 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Maturity Date 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building): 

 Secured 1st Mortgage 

 60 

 % 

 5.95 

 % 

 6.50 

 % 

 $ 

 1,300,000 

 $ 

 (32,958 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,267,042 

 (1)(2)(3) 

 October 7, 2017 

 Mezzanine Loan 

 60 

 % 

 6.02 

 % 

 8.00 

 % 

 306,000 

 (27,044 

 ) 

 278,956 

 (1)(2)(4) 

 October 7, 2017 

 Partner Loans 

 60 

 % 

 11.00 

 % 

 11.00 

 % 

 450,000 

 — 

 450,000 

 (5) 

 June 9, 2017 

 125 West 55 th Street 

 60 

 % 

 6.09 

 % 

 6.15 

 % 

 199,982 

 — 

 199,982 

 March 10, 2020 

 540 Madison Avenue 

 60 

 % 

 5.20 

 % 

 6.75 

 % 

 118,200 

 (980 

 ) 

 117,220 

 (1)(6) 

 July 11, 2013 

 Metropolitan Square 

 51 

 % 

 5.75 

 % 

 5.81 

 % 

 175,000 

 — 

 175,000 

 May 5, 2020 

 Market Square North 

 50 

 % 

 4.85 

 % 

 4.91 

 % 

 130,000 

 — 

 130,000 

 October 1, 2020 

 Annapolis Junction Building One 

 50 

 % 

 1.96 

 % 

 2.12 

 % 

 41,831 

 — 

 41,831 

 (7) 

 March 31, 2018 

 Annapolis Junction Building Six 

 50 

 % 

 1.86 

 % 

 2.53 

 % 

 13,923 

 — 

 13,923 

 (2)(8) 

 November 17, 2013 

 Mountain View Tech. Park: 

 Secured 1 st Mortgage 

 39.5 

 % 

 2.75 

 % 

 3.33 

 % 

 20,000 

 — 

 20,000 

 (2)(9)(10) 

 November 22, 2014 

 BPLP loan 

 39.5 

 % 

 10.00 

 % 

 10.00 

 % 

 3,961 

 — 

 3,961 

 (2)(11) 

 November 22, 2014 

 Mountain View Research Park: 

 Secured 1 st Mortgage 

 39.5 

 % 

 2.22 

 % 

 2.42 

 % 

 90,350 

 — 

 90,350 

 (9)(12) 

 May 31, 2014 

 BPLP loan 

 39.5 

 % 

 10.00 

 % 

 10.00 

 % 

 8,530 

 8,530 

 (2)(13) 

 May 31, 2014 

 500 North Capitol Street 

 30 

 % 

 1.86 

 % 

 2.55 

 % 

 86,348 

 — 

 86,348 

 (2)(14) 

 October 14, 2014 

 901 New York Avenue 

 25 

 % 

 5.19 

 % 

 5.27 

 % 

 156,779 

 — 

 156,779 

 January 1, 2015 

 Total 

 $ 

 3,100,904 

 $ 

 (60,982 

 ) 

 $ 

 3,039,922 

 (1) 

 GAAP interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges, effects of hedging transactions and adjustments
required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition. All adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition are noted above. 

 (2) 

 The loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity. 

 (3) 

 In connection with the assumption of the loan, we guaranteed the joint venture’s obligation to fund various escrows, including tenant improvements, taxes and
insurance in lieu of cash deposits. As of December 31, 2012, the maximum funding obligation under the guarantee was approximately $23.7 million. We earn a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and have an agreement with our
partners to reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made under the guarantee. 

 (4) 

 Principal amount does not include the assumed mezzanine loan with an aggregate principal amount of $294.0 million and a stated interest rate of 6.02% per annum, as
the venture acquired the lenders’ interest in this loan for a purchase price of approximately $263.1 million in cash. 

 (5) 

 In connection with the capitalization of the joint venture, loans totaling $450.0 million were funded by the joint venture’s partners on a pro-rata basis. Our
share of the partner loans totaling $270.0 million has been reflected in Related Party Notes Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2012, accrued interest receivable totaling approximately $103.6 million has been
reflected in Interest Receivable from Related Party Notes Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 (6) 

 In connection with the assumption of the loan, we guaranteed the joint venture’s obligation to fund tenant improvements and leasing commissions.

 (7) 

 Mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum and matures on March 31, 2018 with one, three-year extension option,
subject to certain conditions. 

 (8) 

 The construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.65% per annum and matures on November 17, 2013 with two, one-year extension
options, subject to certain conditions. 

 (9) 

 This property is owned by the Value-Added Fund. 

 (10) 

 The mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.50% per annum. 

 (11) 

 In conjunction with the mortgage loan modification our Operating Partnership agreed to lend up to $6.0 million to the Value-Added Fund, of which
approximately $4.0 million had been advanced as of December 31, 2012. The loan from our Operating Partnership bears interest at a fixed rate of 10.0% per annum and matures on November 22, 2014. This loan has been reflected in Related
Party Notes Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 97 

 Table of Contents 

 (12) 

 The mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. 

 (13) 

 In conjunction with the mortgage loan modification, our Operating Partnership agreed to lend up to $12.0 million to our Value-Added Fund, of which approximately $8.5
million has been advanced as of December 31, 2012. The loan from our Operating Partnership bears interest at a fixed rate of 10.0% per annum and matures on May 31, 2014. This loan has been reflected in Related Party Notes Receivable
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2012, accrued interest receivable totaling approximately $1.2 million has been reflected in Interest Receivable from Related Party Notes Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 (14) 

 The construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.65% per annum and matures on October 14, 2014 with two, one-year extension
options, subject to certain conditions. 

 Environmental Matters 

 It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental assessments (which generally
do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties. These pre-purchase environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe
will have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a
material adverse effect. However, from time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action. 

 In February 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from
Exxon Corporation a property in Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. We developed an office park on
the property. We engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. Under the property acquisition agreement, Exxon agreed to
(1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and
appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. Any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid
under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges. 

 Environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have identified groundwater
contamination migrating from off-site source properties. In each case we engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. In
each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. We also believe that
these properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. Although we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility
for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem necessary or advisable. Other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional
response actions are anticipated at this time. 

 Some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other previously developed
areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination. Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in
connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. In these situations it is our practice to investigate
the nature and extent of detected contamination and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. We then use this information as part of our decision-making process with respect to the acquisition and/or
development of the property. For example, we own a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. Pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of

 98 

 Table of Contents 

certain contaminants. We have developed an office park on this property. Prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor
environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this
site. The submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable
laws. 
 
 We expect that resolution of the
environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, we cannot assure you that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our
properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in the event that such environmental liabilities arise.

 Reclassifications and Adoption of New Accounting
Pronouncements 
 
 Certain prior year amounts
have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. In addition, certain prior year amounts have been revised as a result of the adoption on January 1, 2009 of (1) ASC 470-20 (formerly known as FSP No. APB 14-1) (See
Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements), (2) the guidance included in ASC 810 “Consolidation” (formerly known as SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements—an amendment of ARB
No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”)) and ASC 480-10-S99 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity” (formerly known as EITF Topic No. D-98 “Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities” (Amended) and
(3) the guidance included in ASC 260-10 “Earnings Per Share” (formerly known as FSP EITF 03-06-1, “Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions are Participating Securities” ) (See Note 15
of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 Inflation

 Substantially all of our leases provide for
separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations over a base amount. In addition, many of our leases provide for fixed base rent increases or indexed increases. We believe that inflationary increases in costs may be at least partially
offset by the contractual rent increases and operating expense escalations. 

 99 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

 As of December 31, 2012, approximately $8.9 billion of our consolidated borrowings bore interest at fixed
rates and none of our consolidated borrowings bore interest at variable rates. The fair value of these instruments is affected by changes in market interest rates. The table below does not include our unconsolidated joint venture debt. For a
discussion concerning our unconsolidated joint venture debt, refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “ Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Capitalization—Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements—Joint Venture Indebtedness. ” 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 2018+ 

 Total 

 Estimated 
 Fair 
Value 

 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Secured
debt 

 Fixed Rate 

 $ 

 115,895 

 $ 

 98,190 

 $ 

 36,974 

 $ 

 615,354 

 $ 

 1,522,112 

 $ 

 713,960 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 $ 

 3,256,940 

 Average Interest Rate 

 6.62 

 % 

 5.66 

 % 

 5.87 

 % 

 5.26 

 % 

 5.29 

 % 

 4.96 

 % 

 5.27 

 % 

 Variable Rate 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Unsecured debt 

 Fixed Rate 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 549,501 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 4,090,027 

 $ 

 4,639,528 

 $ 

 5,162,486 

 Average Interest Rate 

 — 

 — 

 5.47 

 % 

 — 

 — 

 4.65 

 % 

 4.74 

 % 

 Variable Rate 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Unsecured exchangeable debt 

 Fixed Rate(1) 

 $ 

 450,000 

 $ 

 745,847 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,195,847 

 $ 

 1,278,554 

 Adjustment for the equity component allocation 

 (23,053 

 ) 

 (2,438 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (25,491 

 ) 

 — 

 Total Fixed Rate 

 426,947 

 743,409 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,170,356 

 — 

 Average Interest Rate 

 5.96 

 % 

 6.56 

 % 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 6.33 

 % 

 Variable Rate 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Total Debt 

 $ 

 542,842 

 $ 

 841,599 

 $ 

 586,475 

 $ 

 615,354 

 $ 

 1,522,112 

 $ 

 4,803,987 

 $ 

 8,912,369 

 $ 

 9,697,980 

 (1) 

 Amounts are included in the year in which the first optional redemption date occurs (or, in the case of the exchangeable notes due 2014, the year of maturity).

 At December 31, 2012, the
weighted-average coupon/stated rates on all of our outstanding debt, all of which had a fixed interest rate, was 4.89% per annum. At December 31, 2012 we had no outstanding variable rate debt. The weighted-average coupon/stated rates for
our unsecured debt and unsecured exchangeable debt were 4.66% per annum and 3.80% per annum, respectively. 

 The fair value amounts were determined solely by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. Due
to the uncertainty of specific actions we may undertake to minimize possible effects of market interest rate increases, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. 

 Additional disclosure about market risk is incorporated
herein by reference from “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Market Risk. ” 

 100

 Table of Contents 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 102 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 103 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 104 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 

 105 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 

 106 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 
31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 107 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 

 108 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 110 

 Financial Statement Schedule—Schedule III 

 157 

 All other schedules for which
a provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 

 101

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control over
 
 Financial Reporting 

 Management of Boston Properties, Inc. (“the Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting for the Company. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 As of the end of the Company’s 2012 fiscal year,
management conducted assessments of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on these assessments, management has determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 was effective. 

 Our internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the
directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

 The effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on page 103, which expresses an unqualified
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. 

 102

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders 
 of Boston Properties, Inc.: 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Boston Properties, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these
financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 

 February 28, 2013 

 103

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands, except for share and par value amounts) 

 December 31,
2012 

 December 31,
2011 

 ASSETS 

 Real estate, at cost 

 $ 

 14,893,328 

 $ 

 13,389,472 

 Less: accumulated depreciation 

 (2,934,160 

 ) 

 (2,642,986 

 ) 

 Total real estate 

 11,959,168 

 10,746,486 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 1,041,978 

 1,823,208 

 Cash held in escrows 

 55,181 

 40,332 

 Investments in securities 

 12,172 

 9,548 

 Tenant and other receivables (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,960 and $1,766, respectively) 

 69,555 

 79,838 

 Related party notes receivable 

 282,491 

 280,442 

 Interest receivable from related party notes receivable 

 104,816 

 89,854 

 Accrued rental income (net of allowance of $1,571 and $2,515, respectively) 

 598,199 

 522,675 

 Deferred charges, net 

 588,235 

 445,403 

 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

 90,610 

 75,458 

 Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 659,916 

 669,722 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 15,462,321 

 $ 

 14,782,966 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgage notes payable 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 $ 

 3,123,267 

 Unsecured senior notes (net of discount of $10,472 and $9,814, respectively) 

 4,639,528 

 3,865,186 

 Unsecured exchangeable senior notes (net of discount of $1,653 and $3,462, respectively) 

 1,170,356 

 1,715,685 

 Unsecured line of credit 

 — 

 — 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 199,102 

 155,139 

 Dividends and distributions payable 

 110,488 

 91,901 

 Accrued interest payable 

 72,461 

 69,105 

 Other liabilities 

 324,613 

 293,515 

 Total liabilities 

 9,619,033 

 9,313,798 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 — 

 — 

 Noncontrolling interests: 

 Redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 110,876 

 55,652 

 Redeemable interest in property partnership 

 97,558 

 — 

 Equity: 

 Stockholders’ equity attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Excess stock, $.01 par value, 150,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 

 — 

 — 

 Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 

 — 

 — 

 Common stock, $.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 151,680,109 and 148,186,511 issued and 151,601,209 and 148,107,611
outstanding at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively 

 1,516 

 1,481 

 Additional paid-in capital 

 5,222,073 

 4,936,457 

 Dividends in excess of earnings 

 (109,985 

 ) 

 (53,080 

 ) 

 Treasury common stock at cost, 78,900 shares at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (13,817 

 ) 

 (16,138 

 ) 

 Total stockholders’ equity attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 5,097,065 

 4,865,998 

 Noncontrolling interests: 

 Common units of the Operating Partnership 

 539,753 

 548,581 

 Property partnerships 

 (1,964 

 ) 

 (1,063 

 ) 

 Total equity 

 5,634,854 

 5,413,516 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 15,462,321 

 $ 

 14,782,966 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

 104

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands, except for per share
amounts) 

 Revenue 

 Rental 

 Base rent 

 $ 

 1,483,533 

 $ 

 1,401,594 

 $ 

 1,226,454 

 Recoveries from tenants 

 229,107 

 198,703 

 178,377 

 Parking and other 

 91,635 

 83,069 

 64,464 

 Total rental revenue 

 1,804,275 

 1,683,366 

 1,469,295 

 Hotel revenue 

 37,915 

 34,529 

 32,800 

 Development and management services 

 34,077 

 33,425 

 41,215 

 Total revenue 

 1,876,267 

 1,751,320 

 1,543,310 

 Expenses 

 Operating 

 Rental 

 657,363 

 590,224 

 498,154 

 Hotel 

 28,120 

 26,128 

 25,153 

 General and administrative 

 82,382 

 79,610 

 79,396 

 Transaction costs 

 3,653 

 1,987 

 2,876 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 453,068 

 436,612 

 335,859 

 Total expenses 

 1,224,586 

 1,134,561 

 934,238 

 Operating income 

 651,681 

 616,759 

 609,072 

 Other income (expense) 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 49,078 

 85,896 

 36,774 

 Interest and other income 

 10,091 

 5,358 

 7,332 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 1,389 

 (443 

 ) 

 935 

 Interest expense 

 (413,564 

 ) 

 (394,131 

 ) 

 (378,079 

 ) 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 (4,453 

 ) 

 (1,494 

 ) 

 (89,883 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 294,222 

 311,945 

 186,151 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 2,734 

 Income before discontinued operations 

 294,222 

 311,945 

 188,885 

 Discontinued operations 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

 36,877 

 — 

 — 

 Net income 

 332,139 

 313,826 

 190,327 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 (3,792 

 ) 

 (1,558 

 ) 

 (3,464 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 (3,497 

 ) 

 (3,339 

 ) 

 (3,343 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (31,046 

 ) 

 (36,035 

 ) 

 (23,915 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 — 

 — 

 (349 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (4,154 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (184 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 Basic earnings per common share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.71 

 $ 

 1.86 

 $ 

 1.13 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.22 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1.93 

 $ 

 1.87 

 $ 

 1.14 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

 150,120 

 145,693 

 139,440 

 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.70 

 $ 

 1.85 

 $ 

 1.13 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.22 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1.92 

 $ 

 1.86 

 $ 

 1.14 

 Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding 

 150,711 

 146,218 

 140,057 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

 105

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 332,139 

 $ 

 313,826 

 $ 

 190,327 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 Net effective portion of interest rate contracts 

 — 

 — 

 421 

 Amortization of interest rate contracts 

 2,594 

 2,595 

 3,408 

 Other comprehensive income 

 2,594 

 2,595 

 3,829 

 Comprehensive income 

 334,733 

 316,421 

 194,156 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (42,489 

 ) 

 (41,147 

 ) 

 (31,255 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (273 

 ) 

 (297 

 ) 

 (487 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 291,971 

 $ 

 274,977 

 $ 

 162,414 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 106

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 (in thousands) 

 Common Stock 

 Additional 
 Paid-in 

 Capital 

 Dividends in 
 Excess
of 
 Earnings 

 Treasury 
 Stock, 

 at cost 

 Accumulated 
 Other 

 Comprehensive 
 Loss 

 Noncontrolling 
 Interests 

 Total 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Equity, December 31, 2009 

 138,880 

 $ 

 1,389 

 $ 

 4,373,679 

 $ 

 95,433 

 $ 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 $ 

 (21,777 

 ) 

 $ 

 623,057 

 $ 

 5,069,059 

 Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock 

 592 

 6 

 17,176 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (17,182 

 ) 

 — 

 Reallocation of noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 20,176 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (20,176 

 ) 

 — 

 Allocated net income for the year 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 159,072 

 — 

 — 

 27,912 

 186,984 

 Dividends/distributions declared 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (279,268 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (42,570 

 ) 

 (321,838 

 ) 

 Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan 

 9 

 — 

 630 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 630 

 Net activity from stock option and incentive plan 

 718 

 7 

 25,038 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 29,770 

 54,815 

 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in property partnership 

 — 

 — 

 (19,098 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (6,384 

 ) 

 (25,482 

 ) 

 Acquisition of equity component of exchangeable senior notes 

 — 

 — 

 (439 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (439 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (3,365 

 ) 

 (3,365 

 ) 

 Effective portion of interest rate contracts 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 367 

 54 

 421 

 Amortization of interest rate contracts 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2,974 

 434 

 3,408 

 Equity, December 31, 2010 

 140,199 

 1,402 

 4,417,162 

 (24,763 

 ) 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 (18,436 

 ) 

 591,550 

 4,964,193 

 Conversion of operating partnership units to common stock 

 2,919 

 29 

 85,469 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (85,498 

 ) 

 — 

 Reallocation of noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (23,073 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 23,073 

 — 

 Allocated net income for the year 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 272,679 

 — 

 — 

 37,808 

 310,487 

 Dividends/distributions declared 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (300,996 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (39,132 

 ) 

 (340,128 

 ) 

 Sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

 4,660 

 47 

 438,990 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 439,037 

 Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan 

 6 

 — 

 620 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 620 

 Net activity from stock option and incentive plan 

 324 

 3 

 17,289 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 21,427 

 38,719 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,007 

 ) 

 (2,007 

 ) 

 Amortization of interest rate contracts 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2,298 

 297 

 2,595 

 Equity, December 31, 2011 

 148,108 

 1,481 

 4,936,457 

 (53,080 

 ) 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 (16,138 

 ) 

 547,518 

 5,413,516 

 Conversion of operating partnership units to common stock 

 1,111 

 11 

 34,610 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (34,621 

 ) 

 — 

 Conversion of redeemable preferred units to common units 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 5,852 

 5,852 

 Allocated net income for the year 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 289,650 

 — 

 — 

 37,189 

 326,839 

 Dividends/distributions declared 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (346,555 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (41,434 

 ) 

 (387,989 

 ) 

 Sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

 2,348 

 24 

 247,003 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 247,027 

 Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan 

 7 

 — 

 781 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 781 

 Net activity from stock option and incentive plan 

 27 

 — 

 5,419 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 23,705 

 29,124 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,890 

 ) 

 (2,890 

 ) 

 Amortization of interest rate contracts 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2,321 

 273 

 2,594 

 Reallocation of noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (2,197 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2,197 

 — 

 Equity, December 31, 2012 

 151,601 

 $ 

 1,516 

 $ 

 5,222,073 

 $ 

 (109,985 

 ) 

 $ 

 (2,722 

 ) 

 $ 

 (13,817 

 ) 

 $ 

 537,789 

 $ 

 5,634,854 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

 107

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

 $ 

 332,139 

 $ 

 313,826 

 $ 

 190,327 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 454,044 

 439,184 

 338,371 

 Non-cash compensation expense 

 29,679 

 29,672 

 32,852 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (49,078 

 ) 

 (85,896 

 ) 

 (36,774 

 ) 

 Distributions of net cash flow from operations of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 47,002 

 39,851 

 16,734 

 Losses (gains) from investments in securities 

 (1,389 

 ) 

 443 

 (935 

 ) 

 Non-cash portion of interest expense 

 43,131 

 54,962 

 56,174 

 Settlement of accreted debt discount on repurchases of senior notes 

 (69,499 

 ) 

 (5,601 

 ) 

 (17,555 

 ) 

 Losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 1,494 

 12,211 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 (2,734 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

 (36,877 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Change in assets and liabilities: 

 Cash held in escrows 

 10,272 

 (9,801 

 ) 

 (8,664 

 ) 

 Tenant and other receivables, net 

 23,155 

 (19,396 

 ) 

 (5,115 

 ) 

 Accrued rental income, net 

 (77,363 

 ) 

 (79,992 

 ) 

 (79,562 

 ) 

 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

 6,990 

 (39,213 

 ) 

 3,239 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 3,854 

 6,660 

 (32,839 

 ) 

 Accrued interest payable 

 3,356 

 6,778 

 (13,731 

 ) 

 Other liabilities 

 1,354 

 6,569 

 (9,393 

 ) 

 Tenant leasing costs 

 (76,821 

 ) 

 (53,212 

 ) 

 (59,513 

 ) 

 Total adjustments 

 310,810 

 292,502 

 185,566 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 642,949 

 606,328 

 375,893 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Acquisitions of real estate 

 (788,052 

 ) 

 (112,180 

 ) 

 (394,363 

 ) 

 Construction in progress 

 (356,397 

 ) 

 (271,856 

 ) 

 (321,978 

 ) 

 Building and other capital improvements 

 (49,943 

 ) 

 (61,961 

 ) 

 (20,683 

 ) 

 Tenant improvements 

 (139,662 

 ) 

 (76,320 

 ) 

 (113,495 

 ) 

 Proceeds from the sale of real estate 

 61,963 

 — 

 — 

 Proceeds from land transaction 

 — 

 43,887 

 — 

 Proceeds from mortgage loan released from (placed in) escrow 

 — 

 267,500 

 (267,500 

 ) 

 Deposits on real estate 

 — 

 10,000 

 (10,000 

 ) 

 Acquisition of note receivable 

 — 

 — 

 (22,500 

 ) 

 Issuance of notes receivable, net 

 (2,049 

 ) 

 (10,442 

 ) 

 — 

 Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (6,214 

 ) 

 (17,970 

 ) 

 (62,806 

 ) 

 Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 3,557 

 140,505 

 49,902 

 Investments in securities, net 

 (1,235 

 ) 

 (1,259 

 ) 

 2,149 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (1,278,032 

 ) 

 (90,096 

 ) 

 (1,161,274 

 ) 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 108

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Proceeds from mortgage notes payable 

 — 

 1,178,306 

 268,964 

 Repayments of mortgage notes payable 

 (253,877 

 ) 

 (1,251,841 

 ) 

 (730,191 

 ) 

 Proceeds from unsecured senior notes 

 997,790 

 848,019 

 1,542,947 

 Redemption/repurchase of unsecured senior notes 

 (224,261 

 ) 

 — 

 (700,000 

 ) 

 Redemption/repurchase of unsecured exchangeable senior notes 

 (507,434 

 ) 

 (44,586 

 ) 

 (218,592 

 ) 

 Repurchase of equity component of unsecured exchangeable senior notes 

 — 

 — 

 (439 

 ) 

 Deferred financing costs 

 (8,468 

 ) 

 (15,970 

 ) 

 (16,353 

 ) 

 Deposit on mortgage loan financing 

 — 

 (14,500 

 ) 

 — 

 Returned deposit on mortgage loan financing 

 — 

 14,500 

 — 

 Net proceeds from ATM stock issuances 

 247,027 

 439,037 

 — 

 Net proceeds from equity transactions 

 226 

 9,667 

 22,593 

 Redemption of preferred units 

 (18,329 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Dividends and distributions 

 (372,899 

 ) 

 (332,597 

 ) 

 (324,686 

 ) 

 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in property partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 (25,482 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest in property partnerships 

 (5,922 

 ) 

 (2,007 

 ) 

 (3,365 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (146,147 

 ) 

 828,028 

 (184,604 

 ) 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (781,230 

 ) 

 1,344,260 

 (969,985 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

 1,823,208 

 478,948 

 1,448,933 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

 $ 

 1,041,978 

 $ 

 1,823,208 

 $ 

 478,948 

 Supplemental disclosures: 

 Cash paid for interest 

 $ 

 480,866 

 $ 

 386,170 

 $ 

 394,172 

 Interest capitalized 

 $ 

 44,278 

 $ 

 48,178 

 $ 

 40,981 

 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

 Additions to real estate included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 $ 

 14,059 

 $ 

 10,767 

 $ 

 3,693 

 Mortgage note payable assumed in connection with the acquisition of real estate 

 $ 

 211,250 

 $ 

 143,900 

 $ 

 843,104 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interest in property partnership 

 $ 

 98,787 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Preferred units issued in connection with the acquisition of real estate 

 $ 

 79,405 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Note receivable converted to real estate 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 22,500 

 Dividends and distributions declared but not paid 

 $ 

 110,488 

 $ 

 91,901 

 $ 

 81,031 

 Conversions of noncontrolling interests to stockholders’ equity 

 $ 

 34,621 

 $ 

 85,498 

 $ 

 17,182 

 Conversion of redeemable preferred units to common units 

 $ 

 5,852 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Issuance of restricted securities to employees and directors 

 $ 

 26,198 

 $ 

 25,087 

 $ 

 19,222 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

 109

 Table of Contents 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 1. Organization 

 Boston Properties, Inc. (the
“Company”), a Delaware corporation, is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”). The Company is the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership (the “Operating
Partnership”) and at December 31, 2012 owned an approximate 89.0% (88.3% at December 31, 2011) general and limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Partnership interests in the Operating Partnership are denominated
as “common units of partnership interest” (also referred to as “OP Units”), “long term incentive units of partnership interest” (also referred to as “LTIP Units”) or “preferred units of partnership
interest” (also referred to as “Preferred Units”). In addition, in February 2008, February 2011 and February 2012, the Company issued LTIP Units in connection with the granting to employees of outperformance awards (also referred
to as “2008 OPP Units,” “2011 OPP Units” and “2012 OPP Units,” respectively, and collectively as “OPP Units”). Because the rights, preferences and privileges of OPP Units differ from other LTIP Units granted
to employees as part of the annual compensation process, unless specifically noted otherwise, all references to LTIP Units exclude OPP Units. On February 5, 2011, the measurement period for the Company’s 2008 OPP Unit awards expired and
the Company’s total return to shareholders was not sufficient for employees to earn and therefore become eligible to vest in any of the 2008 OPP Unit awards. Accordingly, all 2008 OPP Unit awards were automatically forfeited (See Notes 11 and
17). 
 
 Unless specifically noted otherwise, all
references to OP Units exclude units held by the Company. A holder of an OP Unit may present such OP Unit to the Operating Partnership for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of OP Units to particular
holders that may restrict such redemption right for a period of time, generally one year from issuance). Upon presentation of an OP Unit for redemption, the Operating Partnership is obligated to redeem such OP Unit for cash equal to the value of a
share of common stock of the Company (“Common Stock”) at such time. In lieu of a cash redemption, the Company may elect to acquire such OP Unit for one share of Common Stock. Because the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at all
times equals the number of OP Units that the Company owns, one share of Common Stock is generally the economic equivalent of one OP Unit, and the quarterly distribution that may be paid to the holder of an OP Unit equals the quarterly dividend that
may be paid to the holder of a share of Common Stock. An LTIP Unit is generally the economic equivalent of a share of restricted common stock of the Company. LTIP Units, whether vested or not, will receive the same quarterly per unit distributions
as OP Units, which equal per share dividends on Common Stock (See Note 17). 
 
 At December 31, 2012, there were two series of Preferred Units outstanding (i.e., Series Two Preferred Units and Series Four Preferred Units). The Series Two Preferred Units bear a distribution that
is set in accordance with an amendment to the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. Each Series Two Preferred Unit may also be converted into approximately 1.312336 OP Units or redeemed for $50.00 of cash at the election of the holder
thereof or the Operating Partnership in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable amendment to the partnership agreement. The Series Four Preferred Units are not convertible into or exchangeable for any common equity of
the Operating Partnership or the Company, have a per unit liquidation preference of $50.00 and are entitled to receive quarterly distributions of $0.25 per unit (or an annual rate of 2.00%) (See Note 11). 

 All references herein to the Company refer to Boston
Properties, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership, collectively, unless the context otherwise requires. 

 Properties 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company owned or had interests in a portfolio of 157 commercial real estate properties (the
“Properties”) aggregating approximately 44.4 million net rentable square feet, including nine 

 110

 Table of Contents 

properties under construction totaling approximately 2.8 million net rentable square feet. In addition, the Company has structured parking for approximately 46,833 vehicles containing
approximately 15.9 million square feet. At December 31, 2012, the Properties consist of: 

 • 

 149 office properties, including 132 Class A office properties (including eight properties under construction) and 17 Office/Technical properties;

 • 

 one hotel; 

 • 

 four retail properties; and 

 • 

 three residential properties (including one property under construction). 

 The Company owns or controls undeveloped land parcels totaling approximately 509.3 acres. In addition, the
Company has a noncontrolling interest in the Boston Properties Office Value-Added Fund, L.P. (the “Value-Added Fund”), which is a strategic partnership with two institutional investors through which the Company has pursued the acquisition
of value-added investments in assets within its existing markets. The Company’s investments through the Value-Added Fund are not included in its portfolio information or any other portfolio level statistics. At December 31, 2012, the
Value-Added Fund had investments in 23 buildings comprised of two office complexes in Mountain View, California. 

 The Company considers Class A office properties to be centrally located buildings that are professionally managed and maintained,
attract high-quality tenants and command upper-tier rental rates, and that are modern structures or have been modernized to compete with newer buildings. The Company considers Office/Technical properties to be properties that support office,
research and development, laboratory and other technical uses. The Company’s definitions of Class A Office and Office/Technical properties may be different than those used by other companies. Net rentable square feet amounts are unaudited.

 Basis of Presentation 

 Boston Properties, Inc. does not have any other significant
assets, liabilities or operations, other than its investment in the Operating Partnership, nor does it have employees of its own. The Operating Partnership, not Boston Properties, Inc., executes all significant business relationships. All
majority-owned subsidiaries and affiliates over which the Company has financial and operating control and variable interest entities (“VIE”s) in which the Company has determined it is the primary beneficiary are included in the
consolidated financial statements. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company accounts for all other unconsolidated joint ventures using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, the
Company’s share of the earnings of these joint ventures and companies is included in consolidated net income. 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Real Estate 

 Upon acquisitions of real estate, the Company assesses the
fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other
identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities, and allocates the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. The Company assesses and considers fair value based on estimated cash
flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that it deems appropriate, as well as available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known
and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. The Company also considers an allocation of purchase price of other
acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer 

 111

 Table of Contents 

relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenant’s credit quality and expectations of lease
renewals. Based on its acquisitions to date, the Company’s allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has been immaterial. 

 The Company records acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which
reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for each
corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below—market leases. Other intangible
assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on the Company’s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease. Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical
expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, the Company includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at
market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, the Company considers leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. 

 Management reviews its long-lived assets for impairment
following the end of each quarter and when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impairment in value. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. If
such criteria are present, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding
future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. Since cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be held and used” are considered on an
undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, the Company’s established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If the Company’s strategy
changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. If the Company determines that impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair
value. 
 
 ASC 360 (formerly known as SFAS
No. 144) requires that qualifying assets and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as “held for sale,” be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property
operations are expected to be eliminated and the Company will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale. The components of the property’s net income that is reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or
loss) upon the disposition of the property held for sale, operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured loan). The Company generally considers assets to be “held for sale” when the
transaction has been approved by the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the sale, such that the property sale within one year is considered probable. Following the classification
of a property as “held for sale,” no further depreciation is recorded on the assets, and the asset is written down to the lower of carrying value or fair market value. 

 Real estate is stated at depreciated cost. A variety of costs
are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of properties. The cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. The Company expenses costs that it incurs to effect a
business combination such as legal, due diligence and other closing related costs. Costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized. Capitalized development costs include interest, internal wages, property taxes, insurance,
and other project costs incurred during the period of development. After the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project that is benefited. Determinations of when a development project commences
and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available for occupancy and capitalization must cease, involve a degree of judgment. The Company’s capitalization policy on development properties is
guided by guidance in ASC 835-20 “Capitalization of Interest” 

 112

 Table of Contents 

and ASC 970 “Real Estate – General” (formerly known as SFAS No. 34 “Capitalization of Interest Cost” and SFAS No. 67 “Accounting for Costs and the Initial
Rental Operations of Real Estate Projects”). The costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs necessary to the development of the property,
development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. The Company begins the capitalization of costs during the pre-construction period, which
it defines as activities that are necessary to the development of the property. The Company considers a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than
one year from cessation of major construction activity. The Company ceases capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed and (2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalizes only those costs associated with the
portion under construction, or if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended. Interest costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $44.3 million, $48.2 million and $41.0 million,
respectively. Salaries and related costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $7.1 million, $6.5 million and $6.2 million, respectively. 

 Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to
operations as incurred. Significant betterments are capitalized. When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for
the period. 
 
 The Company computes depreciation and
amortization on properties using the straight-line method based on estimated useful asset lives. In accordance with ASC 805 (formerly known as SFAS No. 141(R)), the Company allocates the acquisition cost of real estate to its components and
depreciates or amortizes these assets (or liabilities) over their useful lives. The amortization of acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases and acquired in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation
and amortization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

 Land improvements 

 25 to 40 years 

 Buildings and improvements 

 10 to 40 years 

 Tenant improvements 

 Shorter of useful life or terms of related lease 

 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

 3 to 7 years 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents

 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on
hand and investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. The majority of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents are held at major commercial banks which may at times exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced any losses to date on its invested cash. 

 Cash Held in Escrows 

 Escrows include amounts established pursuant to various agreements for security deposits, property taxes, insurance and other costs.

 Investments in Securities 

 The Company accounts for investments in trading securities
at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings. The designation of trading securities is generally determined at acquisition. The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan that is
designed to allow officers of the Company to defer a portion of their current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals. The Company’s obligation under the plan is that of an unsecured promise to pay the

 113

 Table of Contents 

deferred compensation to the plan participants in the future. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had maintained approximately $12.2 million and $9.5 million, respectively, in a
separate account, which is not restricted as to its use. The Company recognized gains (losses) of approximately $1.4 million, $(0.4) million and $0.9 million on its investments in the account associated with the Company’s deferred compensation
plan during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 
 Tenant and Other Receivables 
 
 Tenant and other accounts receivable, other than accrued rents receivable, are expected to be collected within one year. 

 Deferred Charges 

 Deferred charges include leasing costs and financing fees.
Leasing costs include an allocation for acquired intangible in-place lease values and direct and incremental fees and costs incurred in the successful negotiation of leases, including brokerage, legal, internal leasing employee salaries and other
costs which have been deferred and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Internal leasing salaries and related costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $5.6
million, $4.4 million and $5.4 million, respectively. External fees and costs incurred to obtain long-term financing have been deferred and are being amortized over the terms of the respective loans on a basis that approximates the effective
interest method and are included with interest expense. Unamortized financing and leasing costs are charged to expense upon the early repayment or significant modification of the financing or upon the early termination of the lease, respectively.
Fully amortized deferred charges are removed from the books upon the expiration of the lease or maturity of the debt. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 The Company consolidates variable interest entities (VIEs)
in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary. VIEs are entities in which the equity investors do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their endeavors without additional financial support or that the holders of the equity
investment at risk do not have a controlling financial interest. The primary beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly
impact the variable interest entity’s performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the variable interest entity that would be significant to the variable interest entity. For ventures that are
not VIEs the Company consolidates entities for which it has significant decision making control over the ventures’ operations. The Company’s judgment with respect to its level of influence or control of an entity involves the consideration
of various factors including the form of the Company’s ownership interest, its representation in the entity’s governance, the size of its investment (including loans), estimates of future cash flows, its ability to participate in policy
making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace the Company as manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. The Company’s assessment of its influence or control over an
entity affects the presentation of these investments in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In addition to evaluating control rights, the Company consolidates entities in which the outside partner has no substantive kick-out rights
to remove the Company as the managing member. 

 Accounts of the consolidated entity are included in the accounts of the Company and the non-controlling interest is reflected on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of equity or in temporary equity between liabilities and equity. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures are recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash
contributions and distributions. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on the balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over
the life of the related asset. Under the equity method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company is reflected within the Consolidated 

 114

 Table of Contents 

Balance Sheets, and the Company’s share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The joint venture agreements may designate
different percentage allocations among investors for profits and losses; however, the Company’s recognition of joint venture income or loss generally follows the joint venture’s distribution priorities, which may change upon the
achievement of certain investment return thresholds. The Company may account for cash distributions in excess of its investment in an unconsolidated joint venture as income when the Company is not the general partner in a limited partnership and
when the Company has neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture. The Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for impairment periodically and the Company records
impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair values below the carrying values has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. The ultimate realization of the investment in unconsolidated joint
ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of each investment and market conditions. The Company will record an impairment charge if it determines that a decline in the value below the carrying value of an investment in
an unconsolidated joint venture is other than temporary. 
 
 To the extent that the Company contributes assets to a joint venture, the Company’s investment in the joint venture is recorded at the Company’s cost basis in the assets that were contributed to
the joint venture. To the extent that the Company’s cost basis is different than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in the Company’s share of
equity in net income of the joint venture. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 970-323 “Investments—Equity Method and Joint Ventures” (“ASC 970-323”) (formerly Statement of Position 78-9 “Accounting for Investments
in Real Estate Ventures” (“SOP 78-9”)), the Company will recognize gains on the contribution of real estate to joint ventures, relating solely to the outside partner’s interest, to the extent the economic substance of the
transaction is a sale. 
 
 Equity Offering Costs

 Underwriting commissions and offering costs
have been reflected as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 The Company’s share repurchases are reflected as treasury stock utilizing the cost method of accounting and are presented as a reduction to consolidated stockholders’ equity. 

 Dividends 

 Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of
dividends to stockholders, will differ from income reported for financial reporting purposes due to the differences for federal income tax purposes in the treatment of gains/losses on the sale of real property, revenue and expense recognition,
compensation expense, and in the estimated useful lives and basis used to compute depreciation. 
 
 The tax treatment of common dividends per share for federal income tax purposes is as follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Per Share 

 % 

 Per Share 

 % 

 Per Share 

 % 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 

 2.29 

 96.45 

 % 

 $ 

 2.06 

 97.39 

 % 

 $ 

 1.17 

 58.39 

 % 

 Capital gain income 

 0.08 

 3.55 

 % 

 0.05 

 2.61 

 % 

 — 

 — 

 Return of capital 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 0.83 

 41.61 

 % 

 Total 

 $ 

 2.37 

 100.00 

 % 

 $ 

 2.11 

 100.00 

 % 

 $ 

 2.00 

 100.00 

 % 

 115

 Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Contractual rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. The
impact of the straight-line rent adjustment increased revenue by approximately $77.6 million, $77.0 million and $85.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, as the revenue recorded exceeded amounts billed.
Accrued rental income, as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represents cumulative rental income earned in excess of rent payments received pursuant to the terms of the individual lease agreements. The Company maintains an allowance
against accrued rental income for future potential tenant credit losses. The credit assessment is based on the estimated accrued rental income that is recoverable over the term of the lease. The Company also maintains an allowance for doubtful
accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of tenants to make required rent payments. The computation of this allowance is based on the tenants’ payment history and current credit status, as well as certain industry or
geographic specific credit considerations. If the Company’s estimates of collectability differ from the cash received, then the timing and amount of the Company’s reported revenue could be impacted. The credit risk is mitigated by the high
quality of the Company’s existing tenant base, reviews of prospective tenants’ risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent monitoring of the Company’s portfolio to identify potential problem tenants. 

 In accordance with ASC 805 (formerly SFAS No. 141(R)),
the Company recognizes rental revenue of acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values over the terms of the respective leases. The impact of the acquired in-place “above-” and
“below-market” leases increased revenue by approximately $14.6 million, $10.8 million and $2.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The following table summarizes the scheduled amortization of
the Company’s acquired “above-” and “below-market” lease intangibles for each of the five succeeding years (in thousands). 

 Acquired Above-Market 
 Lease
Intangibles 

 Acquired Below-Market 
 Lease
Intangibles 

 2013 

 $ 

 5,179 

 $ 

 20,190 

 2014 

 4,220 

 19,095 

 2015 

 3,295 

 13,633 

 2016 

 2,550 

 11,823 

 2017 

 2,036 

 9,107 

 Recoveries from tenants,
consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred. Tenant reimbursements are recognized and presented in
accordance with guidance in ASC 605-45 “Principal Agent Considerations” (“ASC 605-45”) (formerly known as Emerging Issues Task Force, or EITF, Issue 99-19 “Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an Agent,”
or (“Issue 99-19”)). ASC 605-45 requires that these reimbursements be recorded on a gross basis, as the Company is generally the primary obligor with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has discretion in
selecting the supplier and has credit risk. The Company also receives reimbursement of payroll and payroll related costs from third parties which the Company reflects on a net basis in accordance with ASC 605-45. 

 The Company’s parking revenues are derived from leases,
monthly parking and transient parking. The Company recognizes parking revenue as earned. 
 
 The Company’s hotel revenues are derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for telephone service, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and
laundry services. Hotel revenues are recognized as earned. 
 
 The Company receives management and development fees from third parties. Property management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of collected rents at the properties under management, and
not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon the collection of rents. The Company reviews each development agreement and records development fees as earned depending on the risk associated with each project. Profit on
development fees earned from joint venture projects is recognized as revenue to the extent of the third party partners’ ownership interest. 

 116

 Table of Contents 

 Gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in ASC
360-20 “Real Estate Sales” (“ASC 360-20”) (formerly known as SFAS No. 66, “Accounting for Sales of Real Estate” (“SFAS No. 66”)). The specific timing of a sale is measured against various criteria in
ASC 360-20 related to the terms of the transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with the properties. If the sales criteria for the full accrual method are not met, the Company defers
some or all of the gain recognition and accounts for the continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, profit sharing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods, as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met.

 Ground Leases 

 The Company has non-cancelable ground lease obligations with
various initial term expiration dates through 2068. The Company recognizes ground rent expense on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective ground lease agreements. The future contractual minimum lease payments to be made by the Company
as of December 31, 2012, under non-cancelable ground leases which expire on various dates through 2068, are as follows: 

 Years Ending December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

 2013 

 $ 

 12,820 

 2014 

 13,184 

 2015 

 13,507 

 2016 

 13,732 

 2017 

 13,963 

 Thereafter 

 913,655 

 Earnings Per Share

 Basic earnings per share (“EPS”)
is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders, as adjusted for unallocated earnings (if any) of certain securities issued by the Operating Partnership, by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during
the year. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from shares issuable in connection with awards under stock-based compensation plans, including upon the exercise of stock options, and conversion of the noncontrolling interests
in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Fair Value of
Financial Instruments 
 
 The carrying values of
cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, escrows, receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other assets and liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturities of these instruments.

 The Company follows the authoritative guidance
for fair value measurements when valuing its financial instruments for disclosure purposes. The Company determines the fair value of its unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable senior notes using market prices. The inputs used in
determining the fair value of the Company’s unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable senior notes is categorized at a level 1 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures) due to the fact
that the Company uses quoted market rates to value these instruments. However, the inputs used in determining the fair value could be categorized at a level 2 basis if trading volumes are low. The Company determines the fair value of its mortgage
notes payable using discounted cash flow analyses by discounting the spread between the future contractual interest payments and hypothetical future interest payments on mortgage debt based on current market rates for similar securities. In
determining the current market rates, the Company adds its estimates of market spreads to the quoted yields on federal government treasury securities with similar maturity dates to its debt. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the
Company’s mortgage notes payable are categorized at a level 3 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures) due to the fact that the Company considers the rates used in the valuation techniques to be
unobservable inputs. 

 117

 Table of Contents 

 Because the Company’s valuations of its financial instruments are based on these types
of estimates, the actual fair values of its financial instruments may differ materially if the Company’s estimates do not prove to be accurate. The following table presents the aggregate carrying value of the Company’s indebtedness and the
Company’s corresponding estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 (in thousands): 

 December 31, 2012 

 December 31, 2011 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Estimated 
 Fair Value 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Estimated 
 Fair Value 

 Mortgage notes payable 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 $ 

 3,256,940 

 $ 

 3,123,267 

 $ 

 3,297,903 

 Unsecured senior notes 

 4,639,528 

 5,162,486 

 3,865,186 

 4,148,461 

 Unsecured exchangeable senior notes 

 1,170,356 

 (1) 

 1,278,554 

 1,715,685 

 (1) 

 1,904,115 

 Total 

 $ 

 8,912,369 

 $ 

 9,697,980 

 $ 

 8,704,138 

 $ 

 9,350,479 

 (1) 

 Includes the net impact of Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) ASC 470-20 totaling approximately $25.5 million and $54.5 million at December 31,
2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. 

 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 
 Derivative instruments and hedging activities require management to make judgments on the nature of its derivatives and their effectiveness as hedges. These judgments determine if the changes in fair
value of the derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated statements of operations as a component of net income or as a component of comprehensive income and as a component of equity on the consolidated balance sheets. While management
believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative’s effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect expenses, net income and equity. The Company accounts for the effective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative in
other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassifies the effective portion to earnings over the term that the hedged transaction affects earnings. The Company accounts for the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of a
derivative directly in earnings. 
 
 Income Taxes

 The Company has elected to be treated as a
REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 1997. As a result, the Company generally will not be subject to federal corporate
income tax on its taxable income that is distributed to its stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 90% of its annual taxable income.
The Company’s policy is to distribute at least 100% of its taxable income. Accordingly, the only provision for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements relates to the Company’s consolidated taxable REIT
subsidiaries. The Company’s taxable REIT subsidiaries did not have significant tax provisions or deferred income tax items. 

 The Company owns a hotel property which is managed through a taxable REIT subsidiary. The hotel taxable REIT subsidiary, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, is the lessee pursuant to the lease for the hotel property. As lessor, the Operating Partnership is entitled to a percentage of gross receipts from the hotel property. Marriott International, Inc. continues
to manage the hotel property under the Marriott name and under terms of the existing management agreements. In connection with the restructuring, the revenue and expenses of the hotel property are being reflected in the Company’s Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The hotel taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to tax at the federal and state level and, accordingly, the Company has recorded a tax provision in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 118

 Table of Contents 

 The net difference between the tax basis and the reported amounts of the Company’s
assets and liabilities is approximately $0.8 billion and $0.9 billion as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, which is primarily related to the difference in basis of contributed property and accrued rental income. 

 Certain entities included in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements are subject to certain state and local taxes. These taxes are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 The following table reconciles GAAP net income attributable
to Boston Properties, Inc. to taxable income: 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 Straight-line rent adjustments 

 (80,281 

 ) 

 (77,422 

 ) 

 (75,943 

 ) 

 Book/Tax differences from depreciation and amortization 

 105,599 

 117,675 

 67,362 

 Book/Tax differences on gains/losses from capital transactions 

 (22,408 

 ) 

 (38,443 

 ) 

 (2,373 

 ) 

 Book/Tax differences from stock-based compensation 

 19,660 

 827 

 (1,957 

 ) 

 Book/Tax differences on losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 — 

 40 

 6,448 

 Other book/tax differences, net 

 35,461 

 29,349 

 3,921 

 Taxable income 

 $ 

 347,681 

 $ 

 304,705 

 $ 

 156,530 

 Stock-Based Employee
Compensation Plans 
 
 At December 31,
2011, the Company has a stock-based employee compensation plan. Effective January 1, 2005, the Company adopted early ASC 718 “Compensation – Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”) (formerly SFAS No. 123 (revised)
(“SFAS No. 123R”), “Share-Based Payment”), which revised the fair value based method of accounting for share-based payment liabilities, forfeitures and modifications of stock-based awards and clarified previous guidance in
several areas, including measuring fair value, classifying an award as equity or as a liability and attributing compensation cost to reporting periods. 

 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include such items as depreciation and allowances for doubtful accounts. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Out-of-Period Adjustment 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company
recorded additional real estate operating expenses totaling approximately $3.2 million related to the cumulative non-cash straight-line adjustment to the ground rent expense of certain ground leases that were not previously recognized on a
straight-line basis. This resulted in the overstatement of real estate operating expenses by approximately $3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2012 and in the understatement of real estate operating expenses in the aggregate amount
of approximately $3.2 million in previous periods. Because this adjustment was not material to the prior years’ consolidated financial statements and the impact of recording the adjustment in the current period is not material to the
Company’s consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded the related adjustment during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 119

 Table of Contents 

 3. Real Estate 

 Real estate consisted of the following at
December 31 (in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 Land 

 $ 

 2,605,162 

 $ 

 2,356,522 

 Land held for future development 

 275,094 

 266,822 

 Buildings and improvements 

 9,517,343 

 8,658,468 

 Tenant improvements 

 1,435,508 

 1,262,616 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

 23,441 

 26,359 

 Construction in progress 

 1,036,780 

 818,685 

 Total 

 14,893,328 

 13,389,472 

 Less: Accumulated depreciation 

 (2,934,160 

 ) 

 (2,642,986 

 ) 

 $ 

 11,959,168 

 $ 

 10,746,486 

 Acquisitions 

 On March 1, 2012, the Company acquired 453 Ravendale
Drive located in Mountain View, California for a purchase price of approximately $6.7 million in cash. 453 Ravendale Drive is an approximately 30,000 net rentable square foot Office/Technical property. The following table summarizes the allocation
of the aggregate purchase price of 453 Ravendale Drive at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

 Land 

 $ 

 5,477 

 Building and improvements 

 974 

 Tenant improvements 

 116 

 In-place lease intangibles 

 223 

 Below-market rents 

 (140 

 ) 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 6,650 

 On March 13, 2012, the
Company acquired 100 Federal Street in Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate investment of approximately $615.0 million in cash. In connection with the transaction, the Company entered into a long-term lease with an affiliate of Bank of America for
approximately 732,000 square feet. 100 Federal Street is an approximately 1,265,000 net rentable square foot, 37-story Class A office tower located in Boston, Massachusetts. The following table summarizes the allocation of the aggregate
purchase price of 100 Federal Street at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

 Land 

 $ 

 131,067 

 Building and improvements 

 387,321 

 Tenant improvements 

 48,633 

 In-place lease intangibles 

 69,530 

 Above-market rents 

 81 

 Other assets 

 4,800 

 Below-market rents 

 (22,515 

 ) 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 (3,917 

 ) 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 615,000 

 120

 Table of Contents 

 On October 4, 2012, the Company completed the formation of a joint venture, which owns
and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia, adjacent to the Company’s other Reston properties. Fountain Square is an office and retail complex aggregating approximately 758,000 net rentable square feet, comprised of approximately
521,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office space and approximately 237,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. The joint venture partner contributed the property valued at approximately $385.0 million and related mortgage
indebtedness totaling approximately $211.3 million for a nominal 50% interest in the joint venture. The Company contributed cash totaling approximately $87.0 million for its nominal 50% interest, which cash was distributed to the joint venture
partner. The Company is consolidating this joint venture. The mortgage loan bears interest at fixed rate of 5.71% per annum and matures on October 11, 2016. Pursuant to the joint venture agreement (i) the Company has rights to acquire
the partner’s nominal 50% interest and (ii) the partner has the right to cause the Company to acquire the partner’s interest on January 4, 2016, in each case at a fixed price totaling approximately $102.0 million in cash (See
Note 11). The fixed price option rights expire on January 31, 2016. The following table summarizes the allocation of the aggregate purchase price of Fountain Square at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

 Land 

 $ 

 56,853 

 Building and improvements 

 274,735 

 Tenant improvements 

 31,563 

 In-place lease intangibles 

 41,256 

 Other assets 

 35,774 

 Above market rents 

 6,240 

 Below market rents 

 (7,089 

 ) 

 Above market assumed debt adjustment 

 (23,122 

 ) 

 Other liabilities 

 (6,194 

 ) 

 Total aggregate consideration 

 $ 

 410,016 

 Less: Indebtedness assumed 

 (211,250 

 ) 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

 (98,787 

 ) 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 99,979 

 100 Federal Street
contributed approximately $52.6 million of revenue and approximately $8.5 million of earnings to the Company for the period from March 13, 2012 through December 31, 2012. Fountain Square contributed approximately $8.7 million of revenue
and approximately $(3.2) million of earnings to the Company for the period from October 4, 2012 through December 31, 2012. 453 Ravendale Drive contributed approximately $0.5 million of revenue and approximately $0.2 million of earnings to
the Company for the period from March 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012. 
 
 The accompanying unaudited pro forma information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 is presented as if the operating property acquisitions of (1) 453 Ravendale Drive on March 1,
2012, (2) 100 Federal Street on March 13, 2012 and (3) Fountain Square on October 4, 2012, had occurred on January 1, 2011. This unaudited pro forma information is based upon the historical consolidated financial statements
and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. This pro forma information does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations of the Company would have been had the above occurred, nor
do they purport to predict the results of operations of future periods. 

 Pro Forma (Unaudited) 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 1,917,292 

 $ 

 1,852,446 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 292,089 

 $ 

 315,753 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 282,737 

 $ 

 269,501 

 Basic earnings per share: 

 Net income per share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 1.88 

 $ 

 1.85 

 Diluted earnings per share: 

 Net income per share attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 1.88 

 $ 

 1.84 

 121

 Table of Contents 

 Developments 

 On January 3, 2012, the Company commenced the
redevelopment of Two Patriots Park, a Class A office project with approximately 256,000 net rentable square feet located in Reston, Virginia. The Company will capitalize incremental costs during the redevelopment. 

 On April 30, 2012, the Company completed and fully
placed in-service 510 Madison Avenue, a Class A office project with approximately 356,000 net rentable square feet located in New York City. 

 On May 4, 2012, the Company completed and fully placed in-service One Patriots Park, a Class A office redevelopment project with
approximately 268,000 net rentable square feet located in Reston, Virginia. 
 
 On August 29, 2012, the Company acquired the development project located at 680 Folsom Street and 50 Hawthorne Street (which we refer to collectively herein as 680 Folsom Street) in San Francisco,
California. When completed, the project will comprise approximately 522,000 net rentable square feet of Class A office and retail space. The project is approximately 85% pre-leased and as a result the Company has accounted for the acquisition
as a business combination. The estimated project cost upon completion is approximately $340 million. As part of the transaction, the Company also acquired the corner site of 690 Folsom Street, which is an adjacent parcel with a vacant 22,000 square
foot, two-story structure that may be redeveloped in the future. The consideration paid by the Company to the seller consisted of approximately $62.2 million in cash and the issuance of 1,588,100 Series Four Preferred Units of limited partnership
interest in the Company’s Operating Partnership. The Series Four Preferred Units are not convertible into or exchangeable for any common equity of the Operating Partnership or the Company, have a per unit liquidation preference of $50.00 and
are entitled to receive quarterly distributions of $0.25 per unit (or an annual rate of 2.0%) (See Note 11). In connection with the acquisition, the Company also assumed a $170.0 million construction loan commitment (See Note 6). The following table
summarizes the allocation of the aggregate purchase price of 680 Folsom Street at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

 Construction in progress 

 $ 

 117,046 

 Land held for future development 

 3,058 

 In-place lease intangibles 

 32,799 

 Deferred financing costs 

 245 

 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

 7,473 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 (14,502 

 ) 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 146,119 

 Dispositions 

 On January 31, 2012, the servicer of the non-recourse
mortgage loan collateralized by the Company’s Montvale Center property located in Gaithersburg, Maryland foreclosed on the property. During 2011, the Company had notified the master servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan that the cash flows
generated from the property were insufficient to fund debt service payments and capital improvements necessary to lease and operate the property and that the Company was not prepared to fund any cash shortfalls. The Company was not current on making
debt service payments and began accruing interest at the default interest rate of 9.93% per annum. The loan was originally scheduled to mature on June 6, 2012. As a result of the foreclosure, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of
debt of approximately $17.8 million during the quarter ended March 31, 2012. Due to a procedural error by the trustee, the foreclosure sale was subsequently dismissed by the applicable court prior to ratification. As a result, the Company has
revised its financial statements to properly reflect the property and related mortgage debt on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2012 and has reversed the gain on forgiveness of debt and recognized the operating activity from the
property within its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012. A subsequent foreclosure sale occurred on December 21, 2012 and ratification by the applicable court is pending (See Notes 6 and 19).

 122

 Table of Contents 

 On May 17, 2012, the Company completed the sale of its Bedford Business Park properties
located in Bedford, Massachusetts for approximately $62.8 million in cash. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $62.0 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $36.9 million. Bedford Business Park is comprised of two Office/Technical
buildings and one Class A office building aggregating approximately 470,000 net rentable square feet. 

 The following table summarizes the income from discontinued operations related to Bedford Business Park and the related gain on sale of
real estate for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 3,526 

 $ 

 8,206 

 $ 

 7,494 

 Expenses 

 Operating 

 1,510 

 3,753 

 3,540 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 976 

 2,572 

 2,512 

 Total expenses 

 2,486 

 6,325 

 6,052 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 $ 

 1,040 

 $ 

 1,881 

 $ 

 1,442 

 Noncontrolling interest in income from discontinued operations – common units of the Operating Partnership 

 (109 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (184 

 ) 

 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 931 

 $ 

 1,666 

 $ 

 1,258 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

 $ 

 36,877 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Noncontrolling interest in gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations – common units of the Operating
Partnership 

 (4,045 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 32,832 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 4. Deferred Charges 

 Deferred charges consisted of the
following at December 31, (in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 Leasing costs, including lease related intangibles 

 $ 

 790,740 

 $ 

 598,352 

 Financing costs 

 90,682 

 85,554 

 881,422 

 683,906 

 Less: Accumulated amortization 

 (293,187 

 ) 

 (238,503 

 ) 

 $ 

 588,235 

 $ 

 445,403 

 The following table
summarizes the scheduled amortization of the Company’s acquired in-place lease intangibles for each of the five succeeding years (in thousands). 

 Acquired In-Place 
Lease 
 Intangibles 

 2013 

 $ 

 43,077 

 2014 

 35,861 

 2015 

 20,242 

 2016 

 15,041 

 2017 

 11,215 

 123

 Table of Contents 

 5. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 The investments in unconsolidated joint
ventures consist of the following at December 31, 2012: 

 Entity 

 Properties 

 Nominal % 
 Ownership 

 Square 407 Limited Partnership 

 Market Square North 

 50.0% 

 The Metropolitan Square Associates LLC 

 Metropolitan Square 

 51.0% 

 BP/CRF 901 New York Avenue LLC 

 901 New York Avenue 

 25.0%(1) 

 WP Project Developer LLC 

 Wisconsin Place Land and Infrastructure 

 33.3%(2) 

 RBP Joint Venture LLC 

 Eighth Avenue and 46th Street 

 50.0%(3) 

 Boston Properties Office Value-Added Fund, L.P. 

 Mountain View Research and 

 Technology Parks 

 39.5%(1) 

 Annapolis Junction NFM, LLC 

 Annapolis Junction 

 50.0%(4) 

 767 Venture, LLC 

 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building) 

 60.0% 

 2 GCT Venture LLC 

 Two Grand Central Tower 

 60.0%(5) 

 540 Madison Venture LLC 

 540 Madison Avenue 

 60.0% 

 125 West 55 th Street Venture LLC 

 125 West 55 th Street 

 60.0% 

 500 North Capitol LLC 

 500 North Capitol Street, NW 

 30.0%(6) 

 Transit Tower Site LLC 

 Transbay Tower 

 50.0%(7) 

 (1) 

 The Company’s economic ownership can increase based on the achievement of certain return thresholds. 

 (2) 

 The Company’s wholly-owned entity that owns the office component of the project also owns a 33.3% interest in the entity owning the land, parking and
infrastructure of the project. 

 (3) 

 This property is not in operation and consists of assembled land. 

 (4) 

 Comprised of one building, two buildings under construction and two undeveloped land parcels. 

 (5) 

 The property was sold on October 25, 2011. As of December 31, 2012, the investment is comprised of working capital and a portion of undistributed sale
proceeds. 

 (6) 

 This property has been partially placed in-service. 

 (7) 

 See Note 20. 

 Certain of the Company’s joint venture agreements include provisions whereby, at certain specified times, each partner has the right
to initiate a purchase or sale of its interest in the joint ventures at an agreed upon fair value. Under these provisions, the Company is not compelled to purchase the interest of its outside joint venture partners. 

 124

 Table of Contents 

 The combined summarized balance sheets of the unconsolidated joint ventures are as follows:

 December 31,
2012 

 December 31,
2011 

 (in thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Real estate and development in process, net 

 $ 

 4,494,971 

 $ 

 4,542,594 

 Other assets 

 673,716 

 668,113 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 5,168,687 

 $ 

 5,210,707 

 LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS’/PARTNERS’ EQUITY 

 Mortgage and notes payable 

 $ 

 3,039,922 

 $ 

 2,988,894 

 Other liabilities 

 792,888 

 854,257 

 Members’/Partners’ equity 

 1,335,877 

 1,367,556 

 Total liabilities and members’/partners’ equity 

 $ 

 5,168,687 

 $ 

 5,210,707 

 Company’s share of equity 

 $ 

 787,941 

 $ 

 799,479 

 Basis differentials (1) 

 (128,025 

 ) 

 (129,757 

 ) 

 Carrying value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 

 659,916 

 $ 

 669,722 

 (1) 

 This amount represents the aggregate difference between the Company’s historical cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level, which is typically
amortized over the life of the related assets and liabilities. Basis differentials occur from impairment of investments and upon the transfer of assets that were previously owned by the Company into a joint venture. In addition, certain acquisition,
transaction and other costs may not be reflected in the net assets at the joint venture level. 

 125

 Table of Contents 

 The combined summarized statements of operations of the joint ventures are as follows:

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Total revenue (1) 

 $ 

 564,205 

 $ 

 589,294 

 $ 

 607,915 

 Expenses 

 Operating 

 162,665 

 170,404 

 175,309 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 163,134 

 190,437 

 215,533 

 Impairment losses 

 — 

 40,468 

 — 

 Total expenses 

 325,799 

 401,309 

 390,842 

 Operating income 

 238,406 

 187,985 

 217,073 

 Other income (expense) 

 Interest expense 

 (224,645 

 ) 

 (228,494 

 ) 

 (235,723 

 ) 

 Loss on guarantee obligation 

 — 

 — 

 (3,800 

 ) 

 Gains from early extinguishments of debt 

 — 

 — 

 17,920 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 13,761 

 (40,509 

 ) 

 (4,530 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of real estate 

 990 

 — 

 — 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 

 14,751 

 $ 

 (40,509 

 ) 

 $ 

 (4,530 

 ) 

 Company’s share of net income (loss) 

 $ 

 6,863 

 $ 

 (25,374 

 ) 

 $ 

 (5,691 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of real estate 

 — 

 46,166 

 572 

 Basis differential 

 1,732 

 27,226 

 6,565 

 Elimination of inter-entity interest on partner loan 

 40,483 

 37,878 

 35,328 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 

 49,078 

 $ 

 85,896 

 $ 

 36,774 

 (1) 

 Includes straight-line rent adjustments of $12.0 million, $21.9 million and $24.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.
Includes net below-market rent adjustments of $91.1 million, $120.3 million and $132.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 includes termination
income totaling approximately $19.6 million (of which the Company’s share is approximately $11.8 million) related to a lease termination with a tenant at 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building). 

 On July 25, 2012, a joint venture in which the Company
has a 50% interest partially placed in-service Annapolis Junction Building Six, a Class A office property with approximately 120,000 net rentable square feet located in Annapolis, Maryland. 

 On September 27, 2012, the Company’s Value-Added
Fund completed the sale of its 300 Billerica Road property located in Chelmsford, Massachusetts for approximately $12.2 million, including the assumption by the buyer of $7.5 million of mortgage indebtedness. 300 Billerica Road is an approximately
111,000 net rentable square foot office building. Net cash proceeds totaled approximately $4.3 million, of which the Company’s share was approximately $2.8 million, after the payment of transaction costs. The Company’s share of the net
proceeds included approximately $2.4 million resulting from the Value-Added Fund’s repayment of a loan from the Company’s Operating Partnership. The Value-Added Fund recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $1.0
million, of which the Company’s share totaled approximately $0.2 million and is included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. 

 On October 1, 2012, a joint venture in which the Company
has a 30% interest partially placed in-service 500 North Capitol Street, NW, a Class A office redevelopment project with approximately 232,000 net rentable square feet located in Washington, DC. 

 126

 Table of Contents 

 On October 19, 2012, the Company formed a joint venture to pursue the acquisition of
land in San Francisco, California which could support a 61-story, 1.4 million square foot office tower known as Transbay Tower. The purchase price for the land is approximately $190.0 million. The Company has a 50% interest in the joint
venture. The Company has provided a non-refundable deposit for the land purchase in the form of a letter of credit totaling $5.0 million. There can be no assurance that the acquisition will be consummated on the terms currently contemplated or at
all (See Note 20). 
 
 On November 21, 2012, the
Company’s partner in its Annapolis Junction joint venture contributed a parcel of land and improvements and the Company contributed cash of approximately $5.4 million. The Company has a 50% interest in this joint venture. The venture has
commenced construction of Annapolis Junction Building Seven, which when completed will consist of a Class A office property with approximately 125,000 net rentable square feet located in Annapolis, Maryland. 

 6. Mortgage Notes Payable 

 The Company had outstanding mortgage
notes payable totaling approximately $3.1 billion and $3.1 billion as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, each collateralized by one or more buildings and related land included in real estate assets. The mortgage notes payable are
generally due in monthly installments and mature at various dates through April 10, 2022. 
 
 Fixed rate mortgage notes payable totaled approximately $3.1 billion and $3.1 billion at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, with contractual interest rates ranging from 4.75% to 9.93% per
annum at December 31, 2012 and 2011 (with weighted-averages of 5.65% and 5.75% at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively). 

 There were no variable rate mortgage loans at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011,
the LIBOR rate was 0.21% and 0.30%, respectively. 

 On January 31, 2012, the servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan collateralized by the Company’s Montvale Center property
located in Gaithersburg, Maryland foreclosed on the property. During 2011, the Company had notified the master servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan that the cash flows generated from the property were insufficient to fund debt service payments
and capital improvements necessary to lease and operate the property and that the Company was not prepared to fund any cash shortfalls. The Company was not current on making debt service payments and began accruing interest at the default interest
rate of 9.93% per annum. The loan was originally scheduled to mature on June 6, 2012. As a result of the foreclosure, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of approximately $17.8 million during the quarter ended
March 31, 2012. Due to a procedural error by the trustee, the foreclosure sale was subsequently dismissed by the applicable court prior to ratification. As a result, the Company has revised its financial statements to properly reflect the
property and related mortgage debt on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2012 and has reversed the gain on forgiveness of debt and recognized the operating activity from the property within its consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2012. A subsequent foreclosure sale occurred on December 21, 2012, and ratification by the applicable court is pending. (See Notes 3 and 19). 
 
 On March 12, 2012, the Company used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by its Bay
Colony Corporate Center property located in Waltham, Massachusetts totaling $143.9 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.53% per annum and was scheduled to mature on June 11, 2012. There was no prepayment
penalty. The Company recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.9 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.

 On April 2, 2012, the Company used available
cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by its One Freedom Square property located in Reston, Virginia totaling $65.1 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.75% per annum and was scheduled to mature on
June 30, 2012. There was no 

 127

 Table of Contents 

prepayment penalty. The Company recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair
value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting. 
 
 On August 29, 2012, in connection with the Company’s acquisition of the development project located at 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco, California, the Company assumed the construction loan
commitment collateralized by the project (See Note 3). The assumed construction loan commitment totaling $170.0 million bore interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.70% per annum and was scheduled to mature on May 30, 2015 with
two, one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. On December 18, 2012, the Company terminated the construction loan facility. The Company had not drawn any amounts under the facility. 

 On September 4, 2012, the Company used available cash to
repay the mortgage loan collateralized by its Sumner Square property located in Washington, DC totaling approximately $23.2 million. The mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.35% per annum and was scheduled to mature on
September 1, 2013. The Company recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million, which included a prepayment penalty totaling approximately $0.2 million associated with the early repayment. 

 On October 4, 2012, in connection with the formation of
a consolidated joint venture which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia, the Company assumed the mortgage loan collateralized by the property totaling approximately $211.3 million. The assumed mortgage loan, which bears
contractual interest at a fixed rate of 5.71% per annum and matures on October 11, 2016, was recorded at its fair value of approximately $234.4 million using an effective interest rate of 2.56% per annum. The Company has a 50%
interest in the consolidated joint venture (See Note 3). 
 
 Five mortgage loans totaling approximately $951.5 million at December 31, 2012 and six mortgage loans totaling approximately $953.1 million at December 31, 2011 have been accounted for at their
fair values on the dates the mortgage loans were assumed. The impact of recording the mortgage loans at fair value resulted in a decrease to interest expense of approximately $7.0 million, $9.2 million and $3.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The cumulative liability related to the fair value adjustments was $38.6 million and $23.8 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and is included in mortgage notes payable in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contractual
aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at December 31, 2012 are as follows: 

 Principal Payments 

 (in thousands) 

 2013 

 $ 

 105,313 

 2014 

 87,757 

 2015 

 26,182 

 2016 

 608,879 

 2017 

 1,521,750 

 Thereafter 

 713,960 

 Total aggregate principal payments 

 3,063,841 

 Unamortized balance of historical fair value adjustments 

 38,644 

 Total carrying value of mortgage notes payable 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 128

 Table of Contents 

 7. Unsecured Senior Notes 

 The following summarizes the unsecured
senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Coupon/ 
 Stated Rate 

 Effective 
 Rate(1) 

 Principal 
 Amount 

 Maturity Date(2) 

 12 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.625 

 % 

 5.693 

 % 

 $ 

 300,000 

 April 15, 2015 

 12 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.000 

 % 

 5.194 

 % 

 250,000 

 June 1, 2015 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.875 

 % 

 5.967 

 % 

 700,000 

 October 15, 2019 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 5.625 

 % 

 5.708 

 % 

 700,000 

 November 15, 2020 

 10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 4.125 

 % 

 4.289 

 % 

 850,000 

 May 15, 2021 

 7 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 3.700 

 % 

 3.853 

 % 

 850,000 

 November 15, 2018 

 11 Year Unsecured Senior Notes 

 3.850 

 % 

 3.954 

 % 

 1,000,000 

 February 1, 2023 

 Total principal 

 4,650,000 

 Net unamortized discount 

 (10,472 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 4,639,528 

 (1) 

 Yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes. 

 (2) 

 No principal amounts are due prior to maturity. 

 On June 11, 2012, the Company’s Operating Partnership completed a public offering of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount
of its 3.850% senior unsecured notes due 2023. The notes were priced at 99.779% of the principal amount to yield an effective rate (including financing fees) of 3.954% to maturity. The notes will mature on February 1, 2023, unless earlier
redeemed. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately $989.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses. 

 On August 24, 2012, the Company’s Operating Partnership used available cash to redeem the remaining $225.0 million in aggregate
principal amount of its 6.25% senior notes due 2013. The redemption price was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $231.6 million. The redemption price included approximately $1.5 million of accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.25% of the principal amount being redeemed. The Company recognized a loss on early extinguishment of
debt totaling approximately $5.2 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $5.1 million. 

 The indenture relating to the unsecured senior notes contains certain financial restrictions and requirements, including (1) a
leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%, (3) an interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) an unencumbered asset value of not less than 150% of unsecured debt. At
December 31, 2012, the Company was in compliance with each of these financial restrictions and requirements. 

 129

 Table of Contents 

 8. Unsecured Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 The following summarizes the unsecured
exchangeable senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Coupon/ 
 Stated Rate 

 Effective 
 Rate(1) 

 Exchange 
 Rate 

 Principal 
 Amount 

 First Optional 
 Redemption Date 
by
the 
 Company 

 Maturity Date 

 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 3.625 

 % 

 4.037 

 % 

 8.5051 

 (2) 

 $ 

 747,500 

 N/A 

 February 15, 2014 

 3.750% Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 3.750 

 % 

 3.787 

 % 

 10.0066 

 (3) 

 450,000 

 May 18, 2013(4) 

 May 15, 2036 

 Total principal 

 1,197,500 

 Net unamortized discount 

 (1,653 

 ) 

 Adjustment for the equity component allocation, net of accumulated amortization 

 (25,491 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,170,356 

 (1) 

 Yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes but excluding the effects of the adjustment for the equity component allocation.

 (2) 

 The initial exchange rate is 8.5051 shares per $1,000 principal amount of the notes (or an initial exchange price of approximately $117.58 per share of Boston
Properties, Inc.’s common stock). In addition, the Company entered into capped call transactions with affiliates of certain of the initial purchasers, which are intended to reduce the potential dilution upon future exchange of the notes. The
capped call transactions were intended to increase the effective exchange price to the Company of the notes from $117.58 to approximately $137.17 per share (subject to adjustment), representing an overall effective premium of approximately 40% over
the closing price on August 13, 2008 of $97.98 per share of Boston Properties, Inc.’s common stock. The net cost of the capped call transactions was approximately $44.4 million. As of December 31, 2012, the effective exchange price
was $134.70 per share. 

 (3) 

 In connection with the special distribution of $5.98 per share of Boston Properties, Inc.’s common stock declared on December 17, 2007, the exchange rate was
adjusted from 9.3900 to 10.0066 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes effective as of December 31, 2007, resulting in an exchange price of approximately $99.93 per share of Boston Properties, Inc.’s common stock.

 (4) 

 Holders may require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the notes for cash on May 18, 2013 and on May 15 of 2016, 2021, 2026 and 2031 and at any time
prior to their maturity upon a fundamental change, in each case at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 

 ASC 470-20 (formerly known as FSP No. APB 14-1) requires the
liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement) to be separately accounted for in a manner that reflects the issuer’s nonconvertible debt borrowing
rate. ASC 470-20 requires that the initial proceeds from the sale of the Operating Partnership’s $862.5 million of 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 (all of which have been redeemed/repurchased as of December 31, 2012), $450.0
million of 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 and $747.5 million of 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014 be allocated between a liability component and an equity component in a manner that reflects interest expense at the interest rate of
similar nonconvertible debt that could have been issued by the Operating Partnership at such time. The Company measured the fair value of the debt components of the 2.875%, 3.75% and 3.625% exchangeable senior notes for the periods presented based
on effective interest rates of 5.630%, 5.958% and 6.555%, respectively. The aggregate carrying amount of the debt component was approximately 

 130

 Table of Contents 

$1.17 billion and 1.72 billion (net of the ASC 470-20 adjustment of approximately $25.5 million and $54.5 million) at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. As a result,
the Company attributed an aggregate of approximately $230.3 million of the proceeds to the equity component of the notes, which represents the excess proceeds received over the fair value of the notes at the date of issuance. The equity component of
the notes has been reflected within Additional Paid-in Capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company reclassified approximately $1.0 million of deferred financing costs to Additional Paid-in Capital, which represented the costs
attributable to the equity components of the notes. The carrying amount of the equity component was approximately $148.5 million and $202.5 million at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. The resulting debt discount will
be amortized over the period during which the debt is expected to be outstanding (i.e., through the first optional redemption dates or, in the case of the 2014 notes, the maturity date) as additional non-cash interest expense. The additional
non-cash interest expense attributable to each debt security will increase in subsequent reporting periods through the first optional redemption date (or, in the case of the 2014 notes, the maturity date) as the debt accretes to its par value over
the same period. The aggregate contractual interest expense was approximately $48.4 million, $66.3 million and $69.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. As a result of applying ASC 470-20, the Company
reported additional non-cash interest expense of approximately $29.1 million, $38.8 million and $38.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. ASC 470-20 requires companies to retrospectively apply the
requirements of the pronouncement to all periods presented. 
 
 On January 10, 2012, the Company announced that holders of the 2.875% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2037 (the “Notes”) issued by its Operating Partnership had the right to surrender their
Notes for purchase by the Operating Partnership (the “Put Right”) on February 15, 2012. The opportunity to exercise the Put Right expired on February 8, 2012. On January 10, 2012, the Company also announced that the
Operating Partnership issued a notice of redemption to the holders of the Notes to redeem, on February 20, 2012 (the “Redemption Date”), all of the Notes outstanding on the Redemption Date. In connection with the redemption, holders
of the Notes had the right to exchange their Notes on or prior to February 16, 2012. Notes with respect to which the Put Right was not exercised (or with respect to which the Put Right was exercised and subsequently withdrawn prior to the
withdrawal deadline) and that were not surrendered for exchange on or prior to February 16, 2012, were redeemed by the Operating Partnership on the Redemption Date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. Holders of an aggregate of $242,735,000 of the Notes exercised the Put Right and the Operating Partnership repurchased such Notes on February 15, 2012. On
February 20, 2012, the Operating Partnership redeemed the remaining $333,459,000 of outstanding Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 

 9. Unsecured Line of Credit 

 On June 24, 2011, the Company’s
Operating Partnership amended and restated the revolving credit agreement governing the Company’s Unsecured Line of Credit, which (1) reduced the total commitment from $1.0 billion to $750.0 million, (2) extended the maturity date
from August 3, 2011 to June 24, 2014, with a provision for a one-year extension at the Company’s option, subject to certain conditions and the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.20% of the total commitment then in effect, and
(3) increased the per annum variable interest rates available, which resulted in an increase of the per annum variable interest rate on outstanding balances from Eurodollar plus 0.475% per annum to Eurodollar plus 1.225% per annum.
Under the amended Unsecured Line of Credit, the Company may increase the total commitment to $1.0 billion, subject to syndication of the increase. In addition, a facility fee currently equal to an aggregate of 0.225% per annum of the total
commitment is payable by the Company in equal quarterly installments. The interest rate and facility fee are subject to adjustment in the event of a change in the Operating Partnership’s unsecured debt ratings. The Unsecured Line of Credit is a
recourse obligation of the Company’s Operating Partnership. The Unsecured Line of Credit contains a competitive bid option that allows banks that are part of the lender consortium to bid to make loan advances to the Company at a reduced
interest rate. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no amounts outstanding on the Unsecured Line of Credit. 

 131

 Table of Contents 

 The terms of the Unsecured Line of Credit require that the Company maintain a number of
customary financial and other covenants on an ongoing basis, including: (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however, the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one year,
(2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 55%, (3) a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.40, (4) an unsecured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however, the unsecured debt leverage ratio may increase to no greater
than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one year, (5) a minimum net worth requirement of $3.5 billion, (6) an unsecured debt interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75 and (7) limitations on permitted investments,
development, partially owned entities, business outside of commercial real estate and commercial non-office properties. At December 31, 2012, the Company was in compliance with each of these financial and other covenant requirements. 

 10. Commitments and Contingencies 

 General 

 In the normal course of business, the Company guarantees its
performance of services or indemnifies third parties against its negligence. In addition, in the normal course of business, the Company guarantees to certain tenants the obligations of its subsidiaries for the payment of tenant improvement
allowances and brokerage commissions in connection with their leases and limited costs arising from delays in delivery of their premises. 

 The Company has letter of credit and performance obligations of approximately $13.1 million related to lender and development
requirements. 
 
 In connection with the formation of
a joint venture to pursue the acquisition of land in San Francisco, California which could support a 61-story, 1.4 million square foot office tower known as Transbay Tower, the Company provided a non-refundable deposit for the land purchase in
the form of a letter of credit totaling $5.0 million. The purchase price of the land is approximately $190.0 million. The Company has a 50% interest in the joint venture (See Notes 5 and 20). 
 
 Certain of the Company’s joint venture agreements include provisions whereby, at certain specified times,
each partner has the right to initiate a purchase or sale of its interest in the joint ventures. Under these provisions, the Company is not compelled to purchase the interest of its outside joint venture partners. 

 In connection with the assumption of 767 Fifth Avenue’s
(The GM Building) secured loan by the Company’s unconsolidated joint venture, 767 Venture, LLC, the Company guaranteed the unconsolidated joint venture’s obligation to fund various escrows, including tenant improvements, taxes and
insurance in lieu of cash deposits. As of December 31, 2012, the maximum funding obligation under the guarantee was approximately $23.7 million. The Company earns a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and has an agreement
with the outside partners to reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made under the guarantee. 

 In connection with the mortgage financing collateralized by the Company’s John Hancock Tower property located in Boston,
Massachusetts, the Company has agreed to guarantee approximately $0.8 million related to its obligation to provide funds for certain tenant re-leasing costs. The mortgage financing matures on January 6, 2017. 

 From time to time, the Company (or the applicable joint
venture) has also agreed to guarantee portions of the principal, interest or other amounts in connection with other unconsolidated joint venture borrowings. In addition to the financial guarantees referenced above, the Company has agreed to
customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) on certain of its unconsolidated joint venture loans. 

 132

 Table of Contents 

 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 Management of the Company performs ongoing credit
evaluations of tenants and may require tenants to provide some form of credit support such as corporate guarantees and/or other financial guarantees. Although the Company’s properties are geographically diverse and the tenants operate in a
variety of industries, to the extent the Company has a significant concentration of rental revenue from any single tenant, the inability of that tenant to make its lease payments could have an adverse effect on the Company. 

 Some potential losses are not covered by insurance.

 The Company carries insurance coverage on
its properties of types and in amounts and with deductibles that it believes are in line with coverage customarily obtained by owners of similar properties. In response to the uncertainty in the insurance market following the terrorist attacks of
September 11, 2001, the Federal Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (as amended, “TRIA”) was enacted in November 2002 to require regulated insurers to make available coverage for “certified” acts of terrorism (as defined by the
statute). The expiration date of TRIA was extended to December 31, 2014 by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (“TRIPRA”) and the Company can provide no assurance that it will be extended further.
Currently, the Company’s property insurance program per occurrence limits are $1.0 billion for its portfolio insurance program, including coverage for acts of terrorism certified under TRIA other than nuclear, biological, chemical or
radiological terrorism (“Terrorism Coverage”). The Company also carries $250 million of Terrorism Coverage for 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York (“601 Lexington Avenue”) in excess of the $1.0 billion of coverage in the
Company’s property insurance program which is provided by IXP, LLC (“IXP”) as a direct insurer. Certain properties, including the General Motors Building located at 767 Fifth Avenue in New York, New York (“767 Fifth
Avenue”), are currently insured in separate insurance programs. The property insurance program per occurrence limits for 767 Fifth Avenue are $1.625 billion, including Terrorism Coverage, with $1.375 billion of Terrorism Coverage in excess of
$250 million being provided by NYXP, LLC (“NYXP”), as a direct insurer. The Company also currently carries nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological terrorism insurance coverage for acts of terrorism certified under TRIA (“NBCR
Coverage”), which is provided by IXP as a direct insurer, for the properties in our portfolio, including 767 Fifth Avenue, but excluding the properties owned by the Company’s Value-Added Fund and certain other properties owned in joint
ventures with third parties or which the Company manages. The per occurrence limit for NBCR Coverage is $1.0 billion. Under TRIA, after the payment of the required deductible and coinsurance, the additional Terrorism Coverage provided by IXP for 601
Lexington Avenue, the NBCR Coverage provided by IXP and the Terrorism Coverage provided by NYXP are backstopped by the Federal Government if the aggregate industry insured losses resulting from a certified act of terrorism exceed a “program
trigger.” The program trigger is $100.0 million and the coinsurance is 15%. Under TRIPRA, if the Federal Government pays out for a loss under TRIA, it is mandatory that the Federal Government recoup the full amount of the loss from insurers
offering TRIA coverage after the payment of the loss pursuant to a formula in TRIPRA. The Company may elect to terminate the NBCR Coverage if the Federal Government seeks recoupment for losses paid under TRIA, if there is a change in its portfolio
or for any other reason. In the event TRIPRA is not extended beyond December 31, 2014, (i) the Company may pursue alternative approaches to secure coverage for acts of terrorism thereby potentially increasing its overall cost of insurance,
(ii) if such insurance is not available at commercially reasonable rates with limits equal to its current coverage or at all, the Company may not continue to have full occurrence limit coverage for acts of terrorism, (iii) the Company may
not satisfy the insurance requirements under existing or future debt financings secured by individual properties and (iv) we may not be able to obtain future debt financings secured by individual properties. The Company intends to continue to
monitor the scope, nature and cost of available terrorism insurance and maintain terrorism insurance in amounts and on terms that are commercially reasonable. 

 The Company also currently carries earthquake insurance on its properties located in areas known to be subject to earthquakes in an amount
and subject to self-insurance that the Company believes are commercially reasonable. In addition, this insurance is subject to a deductible in the amount of 5% of the value of the affected property. Specifically, the Company currently carries
earthquake insurance which covers its San Francisco region (excluding 680 Folsom Street) with a $120 million per occurrence limit and a $120 million annual aggregate 

 133

 Table of Contents 

limit, $20 million of which is provided by IXP, as a direct insurer. In addition, the builders risk policy maintained for the development of 680 Folsom Street in San Francisco includes a $20
million per occurrence and annual aggregate limit of earthquake coverage. The amount of the Company’s earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes. In addition, the amount of earthquake coverage could
impact the Company’s ability to finance properties subject to earthquake risk. The Company may discontinue earthquake insurance on some or all of its properties in the future if the premiums exceed the Company’s estimation of the value of
the coverage. 
 
 IXP, a captive insurance company
which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acts as a direct insurer with respect to a portion of the Company’s earthquake insurance coverage for its Greater San Francisco properties, the additional Terrorism Coverage for 601 Lexington
Avenue and the Company’s NBCR Coverage. The additional Terrorism Coverage provided by IXP for 601 Lexington Avenue only applies to losses which exceed the program trigger under TRIA. NYXP, a captive insurance company which is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, acts as a direct insurer with respect to a portion of the Company’s Terrorism Coverage for 767 Fifth Avenue. Currently, NYXP only insures losses which exceed the program trigger under TRIA and NYXP reinsures with a
third-party insurance company any coinsurance payable under TRIA. Insofar as the Company owns IXP and NYXP, it is responsible for their liquidity and capital resources, and the accounts of IXP and NYXP are part of the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. In particular, if a loss occurs which is covered by the Company’s NBCR Coverage but is less than the applicable program trigger under TRIA, IXP would be responsible for the full amount of the loss without any backstop by
the Federal Government. IXP and NYXP would also be responsible for any recoupment charges by the Federal Government in the event losses are paid out and their insurance policies are maintained after the payout by the Federal Government. If the
Company experiences a loss and IXP or NYXP are required to pay under their insurance policies, the Company would ultimately record the loss to the extent of the required payment. Therefore, insurance coverage provided by IXP and NYXP should not be
considered as the equivalent of third-party insurance, but rather as a modified form of self-insurance. In addition, the Operating Partnership has issued a guarantee to cover liabilities of IXP in the amount of $20.0 million. 

 The mortgages on the Company’s properties typically
contain requirements concerning the financial ratings of the insurers who provide policies covering the property. The Company provides the lenders on a regular basis with the identity of the insurance companies in the Company’s insurance
programs. The ratings of some of the Company’s insurers are below the rating requirements in some of the Company’s loan agreements and the lenders for these loans could attempt to claim that an event of default has occurred under the loan.
The Company believes it could obtain insurance with insurers which satisfy the rating requirements. Additionally, in the future, the Company’s ability to obtain debt financing secured by individual properties, or the terms of such financing,
may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist on ratings for insurers or amounts of insurance which are difficult to obtain or which result in a commercially unreasonable premium. There can be no assurance that a deficiency in the financial
ratings of one or more of the Company’s insurers will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 The Company continues to monitor the state of the insurance market in general, and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism
and California earthquake risk in particular, but the Company cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in future policy years. There are other types of losses, such as from wars, for which the Company cannot
obtain insurance at all or at a reasonable cost. With respect to such losses and losses from acts of terrorism, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, if the Company experiences a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, the Company
could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenues from those properties. Depending on the specific circumstances of each affected property, it is possible that the Company could be liable for
mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition and results of operations. 

 134

 Table of Contents 

 Legal Matters 

 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and
claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered by insurance. Management believes that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of
operations or liquidity of the Company. 
 
 State
and Local Tax Matters 
 
 Because the Company is
organized and qualifies as a REIT, it is generally not subject to federal income taxes, but is subject to certain state and local taxes. In the normal course of business, certain entities through which the Company owns real estate either have
undergone, or are currently undergoing, tax audits. Although the Company believes that it has substantial arguments in favor of its positions in the ongoing audits, in some instances there is no controlling precedent or interpretive guidance on the
specific point at issue. Collectively, tax deficiency notices received to date from the jurisdictions conducting the ongoing audits have not been material. However, there can be no assurance that future audits will not occur with increased frequency
or that the ultimate result of such audits will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

 Environmental Matters 

 It is the Company’s policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental assessments
(which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with the Company’s acquisition of properties. These pre-purchase environmental assessments have not revealed
environmental conditions that the Company believes will have a material adverse effect on its business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and the Company is not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect
to its properties that the Company believes would have such a material adverse effect. However, from time to time environmental conditions at the Company’s properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or
regulatory filings, as well as remedial action. 

 In February 1999, the Company (through a joint venture) acquired from Exxon Corporation a property in Massachusetts that was formerly used
as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. The Company developed an office park on the property. The Company engaged a specially licensed
environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. Under the property acquisition agreement, Exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or
discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to the Company’s ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable
requirements, and (3) indemnify the Company for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. Any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the indemnity, if any,
would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges. 
 
 Environmental investigations at some of the Company’s properties and certain properties owned by affiliates of the Company have identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source
properties. In each case the Company engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. In each case the environmental consultant
concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. The Company also believes that these properties qualify for
liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. Although the Company believes that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of
the costs of addressing the identified 

 135

 Table of Contents 

 groundwater contamination, the Company will take such further response actions (if any) that it deems
necessary or advisable. Other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time. 

 Some of the Company’s properties and certain properties owned by the Company’s affiliates are located in urban, industrial and
other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical uses of the areas have caused site contamination. Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular
building design features in connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. In these situations it is
the Company’s practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected contamination and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. The Company then uses this information as part of its decision-making
process with respect to the acquisition and/or development of the property. For example, the Company owns a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. Pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained
relatively low levels of certain contaminants. The Company has developed an office park on this property. Prior to and during redevelopment activities, the Company engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental
conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this site. The
submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws.

 The Company expects that resolution of the
environmental matters relating to the above will not have a material impact on its business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the Company cannot assure you that it has identified all environmental liabilities
at its properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at the Company’s properties or that the Company will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that such environmental liabilities arise.

 Tax Protection Obligations 

 In connection with the acquisition or contribution of seven
properties, the Company entered into agreements for the benefit of the selling or contributing parties which specifically state that until such time as the contributors do not hold at least a specified percentage of the OP Units owned by such person
following the contribution of the properties, or until June 9, 2017 for 767 Fifth Avenue (The GM Building), the Operating Partnership will not sell or otherwise transfer the properties in a taxable transaction. If the Company does sell or
transfer the properties in a taxable transaction, it would be liable to the contributors for contractual damages. 

 11. Noncontrolling Interests 

 Noncontrolling interests relate to the
interests in the Operating Partnership not owned by the Company and interests in consolidated property partnerships not wholly-owned by the Company. As of December 31, 2012, the noncontrolling interests consisted of 16,053,497 OP Units,
1,303,296 LTIP Units, 400,000 2011 OPP Units, 400,000 2012 OPP Units, 995,997 Series Two Preferred Units (or 1,307,083 OP Units on an as converted basis) and 1,221,527 Series Four Preferred Units (not convertible into OP Units) held by parties other
than the Company. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest—Redeemable
Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership 
 
 The Preferred Units at December 31, 2012 consisted of 995,997 Series Two Preferred Units, which bear a preferred distribution equal to the greater of (1) the distribution which would have been
paid in respect of the Series Two Preferred Unit had such Series Two Preferred Unit been converted into an OP Unit (including both regular and special distributions) or (2) 6.00% per annum on a liquidation preference of $50.00 per unit,
and are 

 136

 Table of Contents 

convertible into OP Units at a rate of $38.10 per Preferred Unit (1.312336 OP Units for each Preferred Unit). The holders of Series Two Preferred Units have the right to require the Operating
Partnership to redeem their units for cash at the redemption price of $50.00 per unit on May 14, 2013 and May 12, 2014. The maximum number of units that may be required to be redeemed from all holders on each of these dates is 1,007,662,
which is one-sixth of the number of Series Two Preferred Units that were originally issued. The holders also had the right to have their Series Two Preferred Units redeemed for cash on May 12, 2009, May 12, 2010, May 12,
2011 and May 14, 2012, although no holder exercised such right. The Company also has the right, subject to certain conditions, to redeem Series Two Preferred Units for cash or to convert into OP Units any Series Two Preferred Units that are not
redeemed when they are eligible for redemption. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, 117,047 Series Two Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership were converted by the
holders into 153,605 OP Units. In addition, the Company paid the accrued preferred distributions due to the holders of Preferred Units that were converted. 

 On February 15, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on its outstanding Series Two Preferred Units of $0.75616 per
unit. On May 15, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on its outstanding Series Two Preferred Units of $0.73151 per unit. On August 15, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on its outstanding Series Two
Preferred Units of $0.75616 per unit. On November 15, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on its outstanding Series Two Preferred Units of $0.75616 per unit. 

 The Preferred Units at December 31, 2012 also included
1,221,527 Series Four Preferred Units, which bear a preferred distribution equal to 2.00% per annum on a liquidation preference of $50.00 per unit and are not convertible into OP Units. In connection with the acquisition of 680 Folsom Street in
San Francisco, California, the consideration paid by the Company to the seller included the issuance of 1,588,100 Series Four Preferred Units of limited partnership interest in the Company’s Operating Partnership. The holders of Series Four
Preferred Units have the right, subject to certain conditions, to require the Operating Partnership to redeem their units for cash at the redemption price of $50.00 per unit. On August 31, 2012, a holder redeemed 366,573 Series Four Preferred
Units for cash totaling approximately $18.3 million. The Company also has the right, subject to certain conditions, to redeem Series Four Preferred Units for cash at the redemption price of $50.00 per unit. Due to the holders’ redemption option
existing outside the control of the Company, the Series Four Preferred Units are presented outside of permanent equity in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 On November 15, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a
distribution on its outstanding Series Four Preferred Units of $0.21111 per unit. 
 
 The following table reflects the activity of the noncontrolling interests—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 (in
thousands): 

 Balance at December 31, 2009 

 $ 

 55,652 

 Net income 

 3,343 

 Distributions 

 (3,343 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 $ 

 55,652 

 Net income 

 3,339 

 Distributions 

 (3,339 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 $ 

 55,652 

 Issuance of redeemable preferred units (Series Four Preferred Units) 

 79,405 

 Net income 

 3,497 

 Distributions 

 (3,497 

 ) 

 Redemption of redeemable preferred units (Series Four Preferred Units) 

 (18,329 

 ) 

 Conversion of redeemable preferred units (Series Two Preferred Units) to common units 

 (5,852 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 110,876 

 137

 Table of Contents 

 Noncontrolling Interest—Redeemable Interest in Property Partnership 

 On October 4, 2012, the Company completed the formation
of a joint venture, which owns and operates Fountain Square located in Reston, Virginia (See Note 3). The joint venture partner contributed the property valued at approximately $385.0 million and related mortgage indebtedness totaling approximately
$211.3 million for a nominal 50% interest in the joint venture. The Company contributed cash totaling approximately $87.0 million for its nominal 50% interest, which cash was distributed to the joint venture partner. Pursuant to the joint venture
agreement (i) the Company has rights to acquire the partner’s nominal 50% interest and (ii) the partner has the right to cause the Company to acquire the partner’s interest on January 4, 2016, in each case at a fixed price
totaling approximately $102.0 million in cash. The fixed price option rights expire on January 31, 2016. The Company is consolidating this joint venture due to the Company’s right to acquire the partner’s nominal 50% interest. The
Company initially recorded the noncontrolling interest at its acquisition-date fair value as temporary equity, due to the redemption option existing outside the control of the Company. The Company will accrete the changes in the redemption
value quarterly over the period from the acquisition date to the earliest redemption date using the effective interest method. The Company will record the accretion after the allocation of net income and distributions of cash flow to the
noncontrolling interest account balance. 
 
 The
following table reflects the activity of the noncontrolling interest—redeemable interest in property partnership for the year ended December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 $ 

 — 

 Acquisition-date fair value of redeemable interest 

 98,787 

 Net loss 

 (719 

 ) 

 Distributions 

 (3,032 

 ) 

 Adjustment to reflect redeemable interest at redemption value 

 2,522 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 97,558 

 Noncontrolling Interest—Common
Units of the Operating Partnership 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, 1,110,660 OP Units were presented by the holders for redemption (including 153,605 OP Units
issued upon conversion of Series Two Preferred Units and 544,729 OP Units issued upon conversion of LTIP Units) and were redeemed by the Company in exchange for an equal number of shares of Common Stock. 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had outstanding
400,000 2011 OPP Units and 400,000 2012 OPP Units (See Note 17). Prior to the measurement date (January 31, 2014 for 2011 OPP Units and February 6, 2015 for 2012 OPP Units), holders of OPP Units will be entitled to receive per unit
distributions equal to one-tenth (10%) of the regular quarterly distributions payable on an OP Unit, but will not be entitled to receive any special distributions. After the measurement date, the number of OPP Units, both vested and unvested,
that OPP award recipients have earned, if any, based on the establishment of an outperformance pool, will be entitled to receive distributions in an amount per unit equal to distributions, both regular and special, payable on an OP Unit. 

 On January 27, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a
distribution on the OP Units and LTIP Units in the amount of $0.55 per unit, and a distribution on the 2011 OPP Units in the amount of $0.055 per unit, to holders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2011. On April 30,
2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on the OP Units and LTIP Units in the amount of $0.55 per unit, and a distribution on the 2011 OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units in the amount of $0.055 per unit, to holders of record as of the close of
business on March 30, 2012. On July 31, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on the OP Units and LTIP Units in the amount of $0.55 per unit, and a distribution on the 2011 OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units in the amount of $0.055
per unit, to holders of record as of the close of business on June 29, 2012. On October 31, 2012, the Operating Partnership paid a distribution on the OP Units and LTIP Units in the amount of $0.55 per unit, and a distribution on the 2011
OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units in the amount of $0.055 per unit, to holders or record as 

 138

 Table of Contents 

of the close of business on September 28, 2012. On November 8, 2012, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, declared a distribution on the OP Units and LTIP Units
in the amount of $0.65 per unit and a distribution on the 2011 OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units in the amount of $0.065 per unit, in each case payable on January 29, 2013 to holders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2012.

 The Series Two Preferred Units may be converted
into OP Units at the election of the holder thereof at any time. A holder of an OP Unit may present such OP Unit to the Operating Partnership for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of OP Units to
particular holders that may restrict such redemption right for a period of time, generally one year from issuance). Upon presentation of an OP Unit for redemption, the Operating Partnership must redeem such OP Unit for cash equal to the then value
of a share of common stock of the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, elect to assume and satisfy the redemption obligation by paying either cash or issuing one share of Common Stock. The value of the OP Units (not owned by the Company
and including LTIP Units assuming that all conditions had been met for the conversion thereof) and Series Two Preferred Units (on an as converted basis) had all of such units been redeemed at December 31, 2012 was approximately $1.8 billion and
$138.3 million, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock of $105.81 per share on December 31, 2012. 

 Noncontrolling Interest—Property Partnerships 

 The noncontrolling interests in property partnerships consist of the outside equity interests in ventures that are consolidated with the
financial results of the Company because the Company exercises control over the entities that own the properties. The equity interests in these ventures that are not owned by the Company, totaling approximately $(2.0) million at December 31,
2012 and approximately $(1.1) million at December 31, 2011, are included in Noncontrolling Interests—Property Partnerships on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 12. Stockholders’ Equity 

 As of December 31, 2012, the Company
had 151,601,209 shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company utilized its $600 million “at the market” (“ATM”) stock
offering program to issue an aggregate of 2,347,500 shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of approximately $249.8 million and net proceeds of approximately $247.0 million. As of December 31, 2012, approximately $305.3 million remained
available for issuance under this ATM stock offering program. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company issued 22,823 and 316,159 shares of Common Stock, respectively, upon the exercise of options to purchase Common Stock by certain
employees. 
 
 During the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company issued 1,110,660 and 2,919,323 shares of Common Stock, respectively, in connection with the redemption of an equal number of OP Units. 

 On January 27, 2012, the Company paid a dividend in the
amount of $0.55 per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2011. On April 30, 2012, the Company paid a dividend in the amount of $0.55 per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record
as of the close of business on March 30, 2012. On July 31, 2012, the Company paid a dividend in the amount of $0.55 per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record as of the close of business on June 29, 2012. On October 31,
2012, the Company paid a dividend in the amount of $0.55 per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 28, 2012. On November 8, 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a dividend
of $0.65 per share of Common Stock payable on January 29, 2013 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2012. 

 139

 Table of Contents 

 13. Future Minimum Rents 

 The properties are leased to tenants
under net operating leases with initial term expiration dates ranging from 2013 to 2048. The future contractual minimum lease payments to be received (excluding operating expense reimbursements) by the Company as of December 31, 2012, under
non-cancelable operating leases which expire on various dates through 2048, are as follows: 

 Years Ending December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

 2013 

 $ 

 1,388,064 

 2014 

 1,411,267 

 2015 

 1,376,772 

 2016 

 1,306,648 

 2017 

 1,179,722 

 Thereafter 

 6,241,627 

 No single tenant represented
more than 10.0% of the Company’s total rental revenue for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 14. Segment Information 

 The Company’s segments are based on
the Company’s method of internal reporting which classifies its operations by both geographic area and property type. The Company’s segments by geographic area are Boston, New York, Princeton, San Francisco and Washington, DC. Segments by
property type include: Class A Office, Office/Technical, Residential and Hotel. 
 
 Asset information by segment is not reported because the Company does not use this measure to assess performance. Therefore, depreciation and amortization expense is not allocated among segments. Interest
and other income, development and management services, general and administrative expenses, transaction costs, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, gains (losses) from investments in securities, losses from early extinguishments
of debt, income from unconsolidated joint ventures, gains on sales of real estate, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interests are not included in Net Operating Income as internal reporting addresses these items on a corporate level.

 Net Operating Income is not a measure of
operating results or cash flows from operating activities as measured by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and it is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs and should not be considered an
alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. All companies may not calculate Net Operating Income in the same manner. The Company considers Net Operating Income to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income because it helps both
investors and management to understand the core operations of the Company’s properties. 

 140

 Table of Contents 

 Information by geographic area and property type (dollars in thousands): 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Boston 

 New York 

 Princeton 

 San 
 Francisco 

 Washington, 
 DC 

 Total 

 Rental Revenue: 

 Class A Office 

 $ 

 620,586 

 $ 

 481,844 

 $ 

 61,350 

 $ 

 214,316 

 $ 

 366,393 

 $ 

 1,744,489 

 Office/Technical 

 22,460 

 — 

 — 

 494 

 16,264 

 39,218 

 Residential 

 3,936 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 16,632 

 20,568 

 Hotel 

 37,915 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 37,915 

 Total 

 684,897 

 481,844 

 61,350 

 214,810 

 399,289 

 1,842,190 

 % of Grand Totals 

 37.18 

 % 

 26.16 

 % 

 3.33 

 % 

 11.66 

 % 

 21.67 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Rental Expenses: 

 Class A Office 

 244,753 

 160,386 

 29,218 

 84,262 

 117,138 

 635,757 

 Office/Technical 

 6,499 

 — 

 — 

 149 

 3,966 

 10,614 

 Residential 

 1,675 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 9,317 

 10,992 

 Hotel 

 28,120 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 28,120 

 Total 

 281,047 

 160,386 

 29,218 

 84,411 

 130,421 

 685,483 

 % of Grand Totals 

 41.00 

 % 

 23.40 

 % 

 4.26 

 % 

 12.31 

 % 

 19.03 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Net operating income 

 $ 

 403,850 

 $ 

 321,458 

 $ 

 32,132 

 $ 

 130,399 

 $ 

 268,868 

 $ 

 1,156,707 

 % of Grand Totals 

 34.91 

 % 

 27.79 

 % 

 2.78 

 % 

 11.27 

 % 

 23.25 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 For the year ended
December 31, 2011: 

 Boston 

 New York 

 Princeton 

 San 
 Francisco 

 Washington, 
 DC 

 Total 

 Rental Revenue: 

 Class A Office 

 $ 

 540,924 

 $ 

 458,791 

 $ 

 62,648 

 $ 

 213,257 

 $ 

 359,544 

 $ 

 1,635,164 

 Office/Technical 

 25,349 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 16,236 

 41,585 

 Residential 

 985 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 5,632 

 6,617 

 Hotel 

 34,529 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 34,529 

 Total 

 601,787 

 458,791 

 62,648 

 213,257 

 381,412 

 1,717,895 

 % of Grand Totals 

 35.03 

 % 

 26.71 

 % 

 3.65 

 % 

 12.41 

 % 

 22.20 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Rental Expenses: 

 Class A Office 

 208,133 

 152,649 

 30,150 

 80,729 

 101,559 

 573,220 

 Office/Technical 

 7,245 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 4,280 

 11,525 

 Residential 

 521 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 4,958 

 5,479 

 Hotel 

 26,128 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 26,128 

 Total 

 242,027 

 152,649 

 30,150 

 80,729 

 110,797 

 616,352 

 % of Grand Totals 

 39.27 

 % 

 24.77 

 % 

 4.89 

 % 

 13.10 

 % 

 17.97 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Net operating income 

 $ 

 359,760 

 $ 

 306,142 

 $ 

 32,498 

 $ 

 132,528 

 $ 

 270,615 

 $ 

 1,101,543 

 % of Grand Totals 

 32.66 

 % 

 27.79 

 % 

 2.95 

 % 

 12.03 

 % 

 24.57 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 141

 Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010: 

 Boston 

 New York 

 Princeton 

 San 
 Francisco 

 Washington, 
 DC 

 Total 

 Rental Revenue: 

 Class A Office 

 $ 

 366,200 

 $ 

 445,296 

 $ 

 65,475 

 $ 

 215,468 

 $ 

 335,508 

 $ 

 1,427,947 

 Office/Technical 

 25,499 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 15,849 

 41,348 

 Residential 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Hotel 

 32,800 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 32,800 

 Total 

 424,499 

 445,296 

 65,475 

 215,468 

 351,357 

 1,502,095 

 % of Grand Totals 

 28.26 

 % 

 29.65 

 % 

 4.36 

 % 

 14.34 

 % 

 23.39 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Rental Expenses: 

 Class A Office 

 137,361 

 146,381 

 31,486 

 78,978 

 92,892 

 487,098 

 Office/Technical 

 6,888 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 4,168 

 11,056 

 Residential 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Hotel 

 25,153 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 25,153 

 Total 

 169,402 

 146,381 

 31,486 

 78,978 

 97,060 

 523,307 

 % of Grand Totals 

 32.37 

 % 

 27.97 

 % 

 6.02 

 % 

 15.09 

 % 

 18.55 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Net operating income 

 $ 

 255,097 

 $ 

 298,915 

 $ 

 33,989 

 $ 

 136,490 

 $ 

 254,297 

 $ 

 978,788 

 % of Grand Totals 

 26.06 

 % 

 30.54 

 % 

 3.47 

 % 

 13.95 

 % 

 25.98 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 The following is a
reconciliation of Net Operating Income to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc.: 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net Operating Income 

 $ 

 1,156,707 

 $ 

 1,101,543 

 $ 

 978,788 

 Add: 

 Development and management services income 

 34,077 

 33,425 

 41,215 

 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 49,078 

 85,896 

 36,774 

 Interest and other income 

 10,091 

 5,358 

 7,332 

 Gains (losses) from investments in securities 

 1,389 

 (443 

 ) 

 935 

 Gains on sales of real estate 

 — 

 — 

 2,734 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,040 

 1,881 

 1,442 

 Gain on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

 36,877 

 — 

 — 

 Less: 

 General and administrative expense 

 82,382 

 79,610 

 79,396 

 Transaction costs 

 3,653 

 1,987 

 2,876 

 Suspension of development 

 — 

 — 

 (7,200 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 453,068 

 436,612 

 335,859 

 Interest expense 

 413,564 

 394,131 

 378,079 

 Losses from early extinguishments of debt 

 4,453 

 1,494 

 89,883 

 Noncontrolling interest in property partnerships 

 3,792 

 1,558 

 3,464 

 Noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the Operating Partnership 

 3,497 

 3,339 

 3,343 

 Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 31,046 

 36,035 

 23,915 

 Noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 — 

 — 

 349 

 Noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the Operating Partnership 

 4,154 

 215 

 184 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 $ 

 272,679 

 $ 

 159,072 

 142

 Table of Contents 

 15. Earnings Per Share 

 The following table provides a
reconciliation of both the net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. and the number of common shares used in the computation of basic earnings per share (“EPS”), which is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Boston
Properties, Inc. by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The terms of the Series Two Preferred Units enable the holders to obtain OP Units of the Operating Partnership, as well as Common Stock of the
Company. As a result, the Series Two Preferred Units are considered participating securities and are included in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share of the Company if the effect of applying the if-converted method is
dilutive. Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the computation of EPS pursuant to the two-class
method. As a result, unvested restricted common stock of the Company’s LTIP Units and OPP Units are considered participating securities and are included in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share of the Company if the
effect of applying the if-converted method is dilutive. Because the OPP Units require the Company to outperform absolute and relative return thresholds, unless such thresholds have been met by the end of the applicable reporting period, the
Company excludes such units from the diluted EPS calculation. Other potentially dilutive common shares, including stock options, restricted stock and other securities of the Operating Partnership that are exchangeable for the Company’s Common
Stock, and the related impact on earnings, are considered when calculating diluted EPS. 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares 
 (Denominator) 

 Per Share 
 Amount 

 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Basic Earnings: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 255,887 

 150,120 

 $ 

 1.71 

 Discontinued operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 33,763 

 — 

 0.22 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 150,120 

 $ 

 1.93 

 Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

 Stock Based Compensation and Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 — 

 591 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Diluted Earnings: 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 289,650 

 150,711 

 $ 

 1.92 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares 
 (Denominator) 

 Per Share 
 Amount 

 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Basic Earnings: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 271,013 

 145,693 

 $ 

 1.86 

 Discontinued operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 1,666 

 — 

 0.01 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 272,679 

 145,693 

 $ 

 1.87 

 Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

 Stock Based Compensation and Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 — 

 525 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Diluted Earnings: 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 272,679 

 146,218 

 $ 

 1.86 

 143

 Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Income 
 (Numerator) 

 Shares 
 (Denominator) 

 Per Share 
 Amount 

 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Basic Earnings: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 157,814 

 139,440 

 $ 

 1.13 

 Discontinued operations attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 1,258 

 — 

 0.01 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 159,072 

 139,440 

 $ 

 1.14 

 Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

 Stock Based Compensation and Exchangeable Senior Notes 

 — 

 617 

 — 

 Diluted Earnings: 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 159,072 

 140,057 

 $ 

 1.14 

 16. Employee Benefit Plans 

 Effective January 1, 1985, the
predecessor of the Company adopted a 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Plan”) for its employees. Under the Plan, as amended, employees, as defined, are eligible to participate in the Plan after they have completed three months of service. Upon
formation, the Company adopted the Plan and the terms of the Plan. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2000, the Company amended the Plan by increasing the Company’s matching contribution to 200% of the first 3% from 200% of the first 2% of participant’s eligible
earnings contributed (utilizing earnings that are not in excess of an amount established by the IRS ($250,000, $245,000 and $245,000 in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively), indexed for inflation) and by eliminating the vesting requirement. The
Company’s aggregate matching contribution for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was $3.2 million, $3.1 million and $2.9 million, respectively. 

 Effective January 1, 2001, the Company amended the Plan
to provide a supplemental retirement contribution to certain employees who have at least ten years of service on January 1, 2001, and who are 40 years of age or older as of January 1, 2001. The maximum supplemental retirement contribution
will not exceed the annual limit on contributions established by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company will record an annual supplemental retirement credit for the benefit of each participant. The Company’s supplemental retirement
contribution and credit for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was $78,000, $62,000 and $48,000, respectively. 

 The Company also maintains a deferred compensation plan that is designed to allow officers of the Company to defer a portion of their
current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals. The Company’s obligation under the plan is that of an unsecured promise to pay the deferred compensation to the plan participants in the future. At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had maintained approximately $12.2 million and $9.5 million, respectively, in a separate account, which is not restricted as to its use. The Company’s liability under the plan is equal to the total
amount of compensation deferred by the plan participants and earnings on the deferred compensation pursuant to investments elected by the plan participants. The Company’s liability as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $12.2 million and
$9.5 million, respectively, which are included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 144

 Table of Contents 

 17. Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

 On January 25, 2012, the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved outperformance awards under the Company’s 1997 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the “1997 Plan”) to certain officers of the Company. These awards (the “2012
OPP Awards”) are part of a broad-based, long-term incentive compensation program designed to provide the Company’s management team with the potential to earn equity awards subject to the Company “outperforming” and creating
shareholder value in a pay-for-performance structure. 2012 OPP Awards utilize total return to shareholders (“TRS”) over a three-year measurement period as the performance metric and include two years of time-based vesting after the end of
the performance measurement period (subject to acceleration in certain events) as a retention tool. Recipients of 2012 OPP Awards will share in an outperformance pool if the Company’s TRS, including both share appreciation and dividends,
exceeds absolute and relative hurdles over a three-year measurement period from February 7, 2012 to February 6, 2015, based on the average closing price of a share of the Company’s common stock of $106.69 for the five trading days
prior to and including February 7, 2012. The aggregate reward that recipients of all 2012 OPP Awards can earn, as measured by the outperformance pool, is subject to a maximum cap of $40.0 million. 

 The outperformance pool will consist of (i) two percent
(2%) of the excess total return above a cumulative absolute TRS hurdle of 24% over the full three-year measurement period (equivalent to 8% per annum) (the “Absolute TRS Component”) and (ii) two percent (2%) of the
excess or deficient excess total return above or below a relative TRS hurdle equal to the total return of the SNL Equity REIT Index over the three-year measurement period (the “Relative TRS Component”). In the event that the Relative TRS
Component is potentially positive because the Company’s TRS is greater than the total return of the SNL Equity REIT Index, but the Company achieves a cumulative absolute TRS below 24% over the three-year measurement period (equivalent to
8% per annum), the actual contribution to the outperformance pool from the Relative TRS Component will be subject to a sliding scale factor as follows: (i) 100% of the potential Relative TRS Component will be earned if the Company’s
TRS is equal to or greater than a cumulative 24% over three years, (ii) 0% will be earned if the Company’s TRS is 0% or less, and (iii) a percentage from 0% to 100% calculated by linear interpolation will be earned if the
Company’s cumulative TRS over three years is between 0% and 24%. For example, if the Company achieves a cumulative absolute TRS of 18% over the full three-year measurement period (equivalent to a 6% absolute annual TRS), the potential Relative
TRS Component would be prorated by 75%. The potential Relative TRS Component before application of the sliding scale factor will be capped at $40.0 million. In the event that the Relative TRS Component is negative because the Company’s TRS is
less than the total return of the SNL Equity REIT Index, any outperformance reward potentially earned under the Absolute TRS Component will be reduced dollar for dollar, provided that the potential Absolute TRS Component before reduction for any
negative Relative TRS Component will be capped at $40.0 million. The algebraic sum of the Absolute TRS Component and the Relative TRS Component determined as described above will never exceed $40.0 million. 

 Each employee’s 2012 OPP Award was designated as a
specified percentage of the aggregate outperformance pool. Assuming the applicable absolute and/or relative TRS thresholds are achieved at the end of the measurement period, the algebraic sum of the Absolute TRS Component and the Relative TRS
Component will be calculated and then allocated among the 2012 OPP Award recipients in accordance with each individual’s percentage. If there is a change of control prior to February 6, 2015, the measurement period will end on the change
of control date and both the Absolute TRS Component (using a prorated absolute TRS hurdle) and the Relative TRS Component will be calculated and, assuming the applicable absolute and/or relative TRS thresholds are achieved over the shorter
measurement period, allocated among the 2012 OPP Award recipients as of that date. 
 
 Rewards earned with respect to 2012 OPP Awards (if any) will vest 25% on February 7, 2015, 25% on February 7, 2016 and 50% on February 7, 2017, based on continued employment. Vesting will
be accelerated in the event of a change in control of the Company, termination of employment without cause, termination of employment by the award recipient for good reason, death, disability or retirement, although restrictions on transfer will
continue to apply in certain of these situations. All determinations, interpretations and assumptions 

 145

 Table of Contents 

relating to the calculation of performance and vesting relating to 2012 OPP Awards will be made by the Compensation Committee. 2012 OPP Awards were issued in the form of LTIP Units prior to the
determination of the outperformance pool, but will remain subject to forfeiture depending on the extent of rewards earned with respect to 2012 OPP Awards. The number of LTIP Units issued initially to recipients of the 2012 OPP Awards is an estimate
of the maximum number of LTIP Units that they could earn, based on certain assumptions. The number of LTIP Units actually earned by each award recipient will be determined at the end of the performance measurement period by dividing his or her share
of the outperformance pool by the average closing price of a REIT Share for the 15 trading days immediately preceding the measurement date. Total return for the Company and for the SNL Equity REIT Index over the three-year measurement period and
other circumstances will determine how many LTIP Units are earned by each recipient; if they are fewer than the number issued initially, the balance will be forfeited as of the performance measurement date. Prior to the measurement date, LTIP units
issued on account of 2012 OPP Awards are entitled to receive per unit distributions equal to one-tenth (10%) of the regular quarterly distributions payable on an OP Unit, but will not be entitled to receive any special distributions. After the
measurement date, the number of LTIP Units, both vested and unvested, which 2012 OPP Award recipients have earned based on the establishment of an outperformance pool, will be entitled to receive distributions in an amount per unit equal to
distributions, both regular and special, payable on an OP Unit. LTIP Units are designed to qualify as “profits interests” in the Operating Partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a general matter, the profits interests
characteristics of the LTIP Units mean that initially they will not be economically equivalent in value to an OP Unit. If and when events specified by applicable tax regulations occur, LTIP Units can over time increase in value up to the point where
they are equivalent to OP Units on a one-for-one basis. After LTIP Units are fully vested, and to the extent the special tax rules applicable to profits interests have allowed them to become equivalent in value to OP Units, LTIP Units may be
converted on a one-for-one basis into OP Units. OP Units in turn have a one-for-one relationship in value with Boston Properties, Inc. common stock, and are exchangeable on such one-for-one basis for cash or, at the election of the Company, Boston
Properties, Inc. common stock. 
 
 The 2012 OPP Units
were valued, in accordance with ASC 718 “Compensation—Stock Compensation,” at an aggregate of approximately $7.7 million utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the probability of the performance vesting conditions being
satisfied. The Monte Carlo simulation used a statistical formula underlying the Black-Scholes and binomial formulas and such simulation was run approximately 100,000 times. For each simulation, the payoff is calculated at the settlement date, which
is then discounted to the award date at a risk-free interest rate. The average of the values over all simulations is the expected value of the unit on the award date. Assumptions used in the valuations included (1) factors associated with the
underlying performance of the Company’s stock price and total shareholder return over the term of the performance awards including total stock return volatility and risk-free interest and (2) factors associated with the relative
performance of the Company’s stock price and total shareholder return when compared to the SNL Equity REIT Index. The valuation was performed in a risk-neutral framework, so no assumption was made with respect to an equity risk premium. The
fair value of the 2012 OPP Units is based on the sum of: (1) the present value of the expected payoff to the OPP Award on the measurement date, if the TRS over the applicable measurement period exceeds performance hurdles of the Absolute and
the Relative Components; and (2) the present value of the distributions payable on the 2012 OPP Units. The ultimate reward realized on account of the OPP Award by the holders of the 2012 OPP Units is contingent on the TRS achieved on the
measurement date, both in absolute terms and relative to the TRS of the SNL Equity REIT Index. The per unit fair value of each 2012 OPP Unit was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions in the Monte Carlo valuation: expected
price volatility for the Company and the SNL Equity REIT index of 31% and 30%, respectively; a risk free rate of 0.35%; and total dividend payments over the measurement period of $7.28 per share. 

 On February 29, 2012, E. Mitchell Norville resigned as
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of the Company. In connection with his resignation, Mr. Norville entered into a separation agreement (the “Separation Agreement”) with the Company. Under the Separation Agreement, the
Company agreed to pay Mr. Norville cash payments totaling approximately $1,533,333 (less applicable deductions) in addition to his cash bonus for 2011, which was $950,000. In addition, Mr. Norville agreed to provide consulting services to
the 

 146

 Table of Contents 

Company for at least two months following the effective date of his resignation for which he received $20,000 per month. Under the Separation Agreement, Mr. Norville is entitled to
accelerated vesting with respect to 23,502 LTIP units in the Operating Partnership and stock options to purchase 4,464 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $92.71 and 5,117 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $104.47.
Mr. Norville will also retain approximately 36% of his 2011 outperformance award, which will remain subject to the performance-based vesting criteria originally established for the 2011 outperformance awards. Mr. Norville agreed to
one-year non-competition, non-solicitation and non-interference provisions, and provided the Company with a general release of claims. The Company recognized approximately $4.5 million of expense during the year ended December 31, 2012 in
connection with Mr. Norville’s resignation. 
 
 At the Company’s 2012 annual meeting of stockholders held on May 15, 2012, the stockholders of the Company approved the Boston Properties, Inc. 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the
“2012 Plan”). The 2012 Plan replaces the 1997 Plan. The material terms of the 2012 Plan include, among other things: (1) the maximum number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2012 Plan is the sum
of (i) 13,000,000 newly authorized shares, plus (ii) the number of shares available for grant under the 1997 Stock Plan immediately prior to the effective date of the 2012 Plan, plus (iii) any shares underlying grants under the 1997
Plan that are forfeited, cancelled or terminated (other than by exercise) in the future; (2) “full-value” awards (i.e., awards other than stock options) are multiplied by a 2.32 conversion ratio to calculate the number of shares
available under the 2012 Plan that are used for each full-value award, as opposed to a 1.0 conversion ratio for each stock option awarded under the 2012 Plan; (3) shares tendered or held back for taxes will not be added back to the reserved
pool under the 2012 Plan; (4) stock options may not be re-priced without stockholder approval; and (5) the term of the 2012 Plan is for ten years from the date of stockholder approval. 

 The Company issued 20,756, 19,030 and 69,499 shares of
restricted common stock and 174,650, 190,067, and 252,597 LTIP Units to employees and non-employee directors under the 1997 Plan and 2012 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. The Company issued 186,007 and 146,844
non-qualified stock options under the 1997 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, The Company issued 400,000 2011 OPP Units under the 1997 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2011. The Company issued 400,000 2012 OPP
Units to employees and non-employee directors under the 1997 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2012. Employees and directors paid $0.01 per share of restricted common stock and $0.25 per LTIP Unit and OPP Unit. An LTIP Unit is generally
the economic equivalent of a share of restricted stock in the Company. The aggregate value of the LTIP Units is included in noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Grants of restricted stock and LTIP Units to employees vest in
four equal annual installments. Restricted stock is measured at fair value on the date of grant based on the number of shares granted, as adjusted for forfeitures, and the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock on the date of grant as
quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. Such value is recognized as an expense ratably over the corresponding employee service period. As the 2011 OPP Awards and 2012 OPP Awards are subject to both a service condition and a market condition, the
Company recognizes the compensation expense related to the 2011 OPP Awards and 2012 OPP Awards under the graded vesting attribution method. Under the graded vesting attribution method, each portion of the award that vests at a different date is
accounted for as a separate award and recognized over the period appropriate to that portion so that the compensation cost for each portion should be recognized in full by the time that portion vests. Dividends paid on both vested and unvested
shares of restricted stock are charged directly to Dividends in Excess of Earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Aggregate stock-based compensation expense associated with restricted stock, non-qualified stock options, LTIP Units, 2008 OPP
Units, 2011 OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units was approximately $28.3 million, $28.3 million and $31.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2012, stock-based compensation
expense includes approximately $2.7 million consisting of the acceleration of vesting of the Company’s Chief Operating Officer’s stock-based compensation awards associated with his resignation. Upon the conclusion of the three-year
measurement period in February 2011, the 2008 OPP Awards were not earned, the program was terminated and the Company accelerated the then remaining unrecognized compensation expense totaling approximately $4.3 million during the year ended
December 31, 2011. For the year ended December 31, 2010, stock-based compensation expense includes an aggregate of approximately $5.8 million of 

 147

 Table of Contents 

remaining previously unvested stock-based compensation granted between 2006 and 2009 to Edward H. Linde, the Company’s late Chief Executive Officer, which expense was accelerated as a result
of his passing on January 10, 2010. At December 31, 2012, there was $21.1 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock and LTIP Units and $8.4 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to
unvested 2011 OPP Units and 2012 OPP Units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.5 years. 

 The shares of restricted stock were valued at approximately $2.2 million ($107.31 per share weighted-average), $1.8 million ($93.40 per
share weighted-average) and $4.5 million ($65.31 per share weighted-average) for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 LTIP Units were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation method model in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718
“Compensation—Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”) (formerly SFAS No. 123R). LTIP Units issued during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were valued at approximately $17.3 million, $16.5 million and $15.3
million, respectively. The weighted-average per unit fair value of LTIP Unit grants in 2012, 2011 and 2010 was $98.83, $86.74 and $60.49, respectively. The per unit fair value of each LTIP Unit granted in 2012, 2011 and 2010 was estimated on the
date of grant using the following assumptions; an expected life of 5.8 years, 5.8 years and 5.7 years, a risk-free interest rate of 0.94%, 2.22% and 2.60% and an expected price volatility of 29.1%, 30.0% and 36.0%, respectively. 

 The non-qualified stock options granted during the years
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 had a weighted-average fair value on the date of grant of $19.50 and $24.67 per option, respectively , which was computed using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model utilizing the following assumptions: an
expected life of 5.4 years and 6.0 years, a risk-free interest rate of 0.92% and 2.37%, an expected price volatility of 28.4% and 35.0% and an expected dividend yield of 2.9% and 3.0%, respectively. The exercise price of the options granted during
the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 where $107.23 and $92.71, respectively, which was the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. 

 A summary of the status of the Company’s stock options
as of December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and changes during the years then ended are presented below: 

 Shares 

 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2009 

 963,895 

 $ 

 34.44 

 Granted 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Exercised 

 (638,957 

 ) 

 $ 

 35.35 

 Canceled 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2010 

 324,938 

 $ 

 32.65 

 Granted 

 146,844 

 $ 

 92.71 

 Exercised 

 (316,159 

 ) 

 $ 

 32.63 

 Canceled 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2011 

 155,623 

 $ 

 89.35 

 Granted 

 186,007 

 $ 

 107.23 

 Exercised 

 (22,823 

 ) 

 $ 

 72.42 

 Canceled 

 (24,280 

 ) 

 $ 

 100.15 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2012 

 294,527 

 $ 

 101.06 

 148

 Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2012: 

 Options Outstanding 

 Options Exercisable 

 Exercise Prices 

 Number 
 Outstanding 
at 
 12/31/12 

 Weighted-Average 
 Remaining 

 Contractual Life 

 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise
Price 

 Number Exercisable 
 at
12/31/12 

 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise
Price 

 $92.71 

 128,989 

 8.1 Years 

 $ 

 92.71 

 53,266 

 $ 

 92.71 

 $107.57 

 165,538 

 9.1 Years 

 $ 

 107.57 

 38,230 

 $ 

 107.57 

 The total intrinsic value of
the outstanding and exercisable stock options as of December 31, 2012 was approximately $0.7 million. In addition, the Company had 13,633 and 324,938 options exercisable at a weighted-average exercise price of $54.32 and $32.65 at
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 The Company adopted the 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Stock Purchase Plan”) to encourage the ownership
of Common Stock by eligible employees. The Stock Purchase Plan became effective on January 1, 1999 with an aggregate maximum of 250,000 shares of Common Stock available for issuance. The Stock Purchase Plan provides for eligible employees to
purchase on the business day immediately following the end of the biannual purchase periods (i.e., January 1-June 30 and July 1-December 31) shares of Common Stock at a purchase price equal to 85% of the average closing prices of
the Common Stock during the last ten business days of the purchase period. The Company issued 7,406, 6,356 and 9,131 shares with the weighted average purchase price equal to $86.52 per share, $80.13 per share and $61.61 per share under the Stock
Purchase Plan during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 18. Related Party Transactions 

 A firm controlled by
Mr. Raymond A. Ritchey’s brother was paid aggregate leasing commissions of approximately $1,306,000, $671,000 and $960,000 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, related to certain exclusive leasing
arrangements for certain Northern Virginia properties. Mr. Ritchey is an Executive Vice President of Boston Properties, Inc. 

 Mr. Martin Turchin, a member of the Company’s Board of Directors, is a non-executive/non-director Vice Chairman of CB Richard
Ellis (“CBRE”). Through an arrangement with CBRE and its predecessor, Insignia/ESG, Inc. that has been in place since 1985, Mr. Turchin and Turchin & Associates, an entity owned by Mr. Turchin (95%) and his son
(5%), participate in brokerage activities for which CBRE is retained as leasing agent, some of which involve leases for space within buildings owned by the Company. Additionally, Mr. Turchin’s son is employed by CBRE and works on
transactions for which CBRE earns commission income from the Company. Mr. Turchin’s son’s compensation from CBRE is in the form of salary and bonus, neither of which is directly tied to CBRE’s transactions with the Company. For
the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, Mr. Turchin, directly and through Turchin & Associates, received commission income of $199,000, $24,000 and $93,000, respectively, from commissions earned by CBRE and its
predecessor, Insignia/ESG, Inc., from the Company. Pursuant to its arrangement with CBRE, Turchin & Associates has confirmed to the Company that it is paid on the same basis with respect to properties owned by the Company as it is with
respect to properties owned by other clients of CBRE. Mr. Turchin does not participate in any discussions or other activities relating to the Company’s contractual arrangements with CBRE either in his capacity as a member of the
Company’s Board of Directors or as a Vice Chairman of CBRE. 
 
 On June 30, 1998, the Company acquired from entities controlled by Mr. Alan B. Landis, a former director, a portfolio of properties known as the Carnegie Center Portfolio and Tower Center
One and related operations and development rights (collectively, the “Carnegie Center Portfolio”). In connection with the acquisition of the Carnegie Center Portfolio, the Operating Partnership entered into a development agreement (the
“Development Agreement”) with affiliates of Mr. Landis providing for up to approximately 2,000,000 square feet of development in or adjacent to the Carnegie Center office complex. An affiliate of Mr. Landis was entitled to a
purchase price for each parcel developed under the Development Agreement calculated on the basis of $20 per 

 149

 Table of Contents 

rentable square foot of property developed. Another affiliate of Mr. Landis was eligible to earn a contingent payment for each developed property that achieves a stabilized return in excess
of a target annual return ranging between 10.5% and 11%. The Development Agreement also provided that upon negotiated terms and conditions, the Company and Mr. Landis would form a development company to provide development services for these
development projects and would share the expenses and profits, if any, of this new company. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of the Carnegie Center Portfolio, Mr. Landis became a director of the Company pursuant to an Agreement
Regarding Directorship, dated as of June 30, 1998, with the Company (the “Directorship Agreement”). Under the Directorship Agreement, the Company agreed to nominate Mr. Landis for re-election as a director at each annual meeting
of stockholders of the Company in a year in which his term expires, provided that specified conditions are met. 

 On October 21, 2004, the Company entered into an agreement (the “2004 Agreement”) to modify several provisions of the
Development Agreement. Under the terms of the 2004 Agreement, the Operating Partnership and affiliates of Mr. Landis amended the Development Agreement to limit the rights of Mr. Landis and his affiliates to participate in the development
of properties under the Development Agreement. Among other things, Mr. Landis agreed that (1) Mr. Landis and his affiliates will have no right to participate in any entity formed to acquire land parcels or the development company
formed by the Operating Partnership to provide development services under the Development Agreement, (2) Mr. Landis will have no right or obligation to play a role in development activities engaged in by the development company formed by
the Operating Partnership under the Development Agreement or receive compensation from the development company and (3) the affiliate of Mr. Landis will have no right to receive a contingent payment for developed properties based on
stabilized returns. In exchange, the Company (together with the Operating Partnership) agreed to: 

 • 

 effective as of June 30, 1998, pay Mr. Landis $125,000 on January 1 of each year until the earlier of (A) January 1, 2018,
(B) the termination of the Development Agreement or (C) the date on which all development properties under the Development Agreement have been conveyed pursuant to the Development Agreement, with $750,000, representing payments of this
annual amount from 1998 to 2004, being paid upon execution of the 2004 Agreement; and 

 • 

 pay an affiliate of Mr. Landis, in connection with the development of land parcels acquired under the Development Agreement, an aggregate fixed
amount of $10.50 per rentable square foot of property developed (with a portion of this amount (i.e., $5.50) being subject to adjustment, in specified circumstances, based on future increases in the Consumer Price Index) in lieu of a contingent
payment based on stabilized returns, which payment could have been greater or less than $10.50 per rentable square foot of property developed. 

 The Operating Partnership also continues to be obligated to pay an affiliate of Mr. Landis the purchase price of $20 per rentable
square foot of property developed for each land parcel acquired as provided in the original Development Agreement. During the 20-year term of the Development Agreement, until such time, if any, as the Operating Partnership elects to acquire a land
parcel, an affiliate of Mr. Landis will remain responsible for all carrying costs associated with such land parcel. On July 24, 2007, the Company acquired from Mr. Landis 701 Carnegie Center, a land parcel located in Princeton, New
Jersey for a purchase price of approximately $3.1 million. 
 
 In addition, in connection with entering into the 2004 Agreement, Mr. Landis resigned as a director of the Company effective as of May 11, 2005 and agreed that the Company had no future
obligation to nominate Mr. Landis as a director of the Company under the Directorship Agreement or otherwise. Mr. Landis did not resign because of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or
practices. Mitchell S. Landis, the Senior Vice President and Regional Manager of the Company’s Princeton, New Jersey region, is the brother of Alan B. Landis. 

 In accordance with the Company’s 2012 Plan, and as
approved by the Board of Directors, five non-employee directors made an election to receive deferred stock units in lieu of cash fees for 2012. The deferred stock units will be settled in shares of common stock upon the cessation of such
director’s service on the Board 

 150

 Table of Contents 

of Directors. As a result of these elections, the aggregate cash fees otherwise payable to a non-employee director during a fiscal quarter are converted into a number of deferred stock units
equal to the aggregate cash fees divided by the last reported sales price of a share of the Company’s common stock on the last trading of the applicable fiscal quarter. The deferred stock units are also credited with dividend equivalents as
dividends are paid by the Company. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had outstanding 76,682 and 79,856 deferred stock units, respectively. 

 19. Selected Interim Financial Information (unaudited) 

 The tables below reflect the
Company’s selected quarterly information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. The servicer of the non-recourse mortgage loan in the amount of $25.0 million collateralized by the Company’s Montvale Center property located in
Gaithersburg, Maryland foreclosed on the property on January 31, 2012. As a result of the foreclosure, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt during the first quarter of 2012 totaling approximately $15.8 million, net of
noncontrolling interests’ share of approximately $2.0 million. Due to a procedural error of the trustee, the foreclosure sale was subsequently dismissed by the applicable court prior to ratification. As a result, the Company has revised its
financial statements to properly reflect the property and related mortgage debt on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2012 and has reversed the gain on forgiveness of debt during the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and has
recognized the operating activity from the property within its consolidated statement of operations for each of the impacted quarters in the year ended December 31, 2012 (See Notes 3 and 6). In addition, total revenue and income from continuing
operations have been reclassified in the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and the quarters in the year ended December 31, 2011 as a result of the discontinued operations presentation of the Company’s Bedford Business Park properties which
were sold on May 17, 2012 (See Note 3). 
 
 The
quarter ended December 31, 2011 includes the gain on sale of Two Grand Central Tower totaling approximately $46.2 million, which is included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures on the Company’s consolidated statements of
operations. 

 2012 Quarter Ended 

 March 31, 

 June 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 447,662 

 $ 

 445,779 

 $ 

 472,897 

 $ 

 473,521 

 $ 

 470,904 

 $ 

 471,562 

 $ 

 485,405 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 56,359 

 $ 

 55,193 

 $ 

 97,471 

 $ 

 96,899 

 $ 

 66,103 

 $ 

 65,522 

 $ 

 76,608 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 64,632 

 $ 

 48,454 

 $ 

 119,070 

 $ 

 118,559 

 $ 

 57,769 

 $ 

 57,249 

 $ 

 65,400 

 Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. per share—basic 

 $ 

 0.44 

 $ 

 0.33 

 $ 

 0.79 

 $ 

 0.79 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.43 

 Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. per share—diluted 

 $ 

 0.43 

 $ 

 0.33 

 $ 

 0.79 

 $ 

 0.78 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.43 

 151

 Table of Contents 

 2011 Quarter Ended 

 March 31, 

 June 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 As Reported 

 As Revised 

 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 417,875 

 $ 

 415,943 

 $ 

 436,451 

 $ 

 434,505 

 $ 

 452,413 

 $ 

 450,344 

 $ 

 452,787 

 $ 

 450,528 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 48,194 

 $ 

 47,644 

 $ 

 69,738 

 $ 

 69,353 

 $ 

 80,451 

 $ 

 79,942 

 $ 

 115,443 

 $ 

 115,006 

 Net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. 

 $ 

 40,813 

 $ 

 40,813 

 $ 

 60,214 

 $ 

 60,214 

 $ 

 70,542 

 $ 

 70,542 

 $ 

 101,644 

 $ 

 101,644 

 Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. per share—basic 

 $ 

 0.29 

 $ 

 0.29 

 $ 

 0.41 

 $ 

 0.41 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.69 

 $ 

 0.69 

 Income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. per share—diluted 

 $ 

 0.29 

 $ 

 0.29 

 $ 

 0.41 

 $ 

 0.41 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.69 

 $ 

 0.69 

 20. Subsequent Events 

 On January 28, 2013, the
Company’s Compensation Committee approved multi-year long-term incentive program (MYLTIP) awards under the Company’s 2012 Plan to officers and employees of the Company. MYLTIP awards utilize TRS over a three-year measurement period, on an
annualized, compounded basis, as the performance metric. Earned awards will be based on the Company’s TRS relative to (i) the Cohen & Steers Realty Majors Portfolio Index (50% weight) and (ii) the NAREIT Office Index adjusted
to exclude the Company (50% weight). Earned awards will range from zero to a maximum of approximately $30.7 million depending on the Company’s TRS relative to the two indices, with four tiers (threshold: approximately $5.1 million; target:
approximately $10.2 million; high: approximately $20.5 million; exceptional: approximately $30.7 million) and linear interpolation between tiers. Earned awards measured on the basis of relative TRS performance are subject to an absolute TRS
component in the form of relatively simple modifiers that (A) reduce the level of earned awards in the event the Company’s annualized TRS is less than 2% and (B) cause some awards to be earned in the event the Company’s
annualized TRS is more than 10% even though on a relative basis alone the Company’s TRS would not result in any earned awards. 

 Earned awards (if any) will vest 25% on February 4, 2016, 25% on February 4, 2017 and 50% on February 4, 2018, based on
continued employment. Vesting will be accelerated in the event of a change in control, termination of employment by the Company without cause, termination of employment by the award recipient for good reason, death, disability or retirement. If
there is a change of control prior to February 4, 2016, earned awards will be calculated based on TRS performance up to the date of the change of control. MYLTIP awards are in the form of LTIP Units issued on the grant date which (i) are
subject to forfeiture to the extent awards are not earned and (ii) prior to the performance measurement date are only entitled to one-tenth (10%) of the regular quarterly distributions payable on common partnership units. 

 Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation” the MYLTIP awards have an aggregate value of approximately $8.1 million, which amount will generally be amortized into earnings over the five-year
plan period under the graded vesting method. 
 
 On
January 29, 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire a parcel of land located in Reston, Virginia for a purchase price of approximately $27.0 million in cash. There can be no assurance that the acquisition will be completed on the
terms currently contemplated or at all. 
 
 On
February 1, 2013, the Company issued 35,087 shares of restricted common stock, 153,006 LTIP units and 201,373 non-qualified stock options under the 2012 Plan to certain employees of the Company. 

 152

 Table of Contents 

 On February 5, 2013, the Company used available cash to repay the mortgage loan
collateralized by its Kingstowne One property located in Alexandria, Virginia totaling approximately $17.0 million. The mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.96% per annum and was scheduled to mature on May 5, 2013. There was no
prepayment penalty. 
 
 On February 6, 2013, the
Company completed the acquisition of 535 Mission Street, a development site, in San Francisco, California for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $71.0 million in cash, including work completed and materials purchased to date. When
completed, 535 Mission Street will consist of a 27-story, Class A office tower with approximately 307,000 net rentable square feet of office and retail space. The Company has commenced development of the project. 

 On February 7, 2013, the partner in the Company’s
joint venture that is pursuing the acquisition of land in San Francisco, California which could support the office tower known as Transbay Tower, issued a notice that it has elected under the joint venture agreement to reduce its nominal ownership
interest in the venture from 50% to 5%. On February 26, 2013, the Company issued a notice to such partner electing to proceed with the venture on that basis. As a result, the Company has a 95% nominal interest in, and expects to
consolidate, the joint venture. 

 153

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 None. 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 
 
 Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting is set forth on page 102 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information 

 None. 

 154

 Table of Contents 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by Item 10 will be included in
the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2013 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The following table summarizes our equity compensation plans
as of December 31, 2012. 
 
 Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

 Plan category 

 Number of securities to
be issued upon exercise
of outstanding options,
warrants and
rights 

 Weighted-average
exercise price of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights 

 Number of securities
remaining available for
future issuance under
equity
compensation
plans (excluding
securities reflected in
column (a)) 

 (a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(1) 

 2,486,493 

 (2) 

 $ 

 101.06 

 (2) 

 14,147,122 

 (3) 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders(4) 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 129,094 

 Total 

 2,486,493 

 $ 

 101.06 

 14,276,216 

 (1) 

 Includes information related to our 2012 Plan. 

 (2) 

 Includes (a) 294,527 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options (91,496 of which are vested and exercisable), (b) 1,303,296 long
term incentive units (LTIP units) (866,089 of which are vested) that, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to the Operating Partnership for redemption and acquired by us for shares of
our common stock, (c) 11,988 common units issued upon conversion of LTIP units, which may be presented to the Operating Partnership for redemption and acquired by us for shares of our common stock, (d) 400,000 2011 OPP Awards that, upon
the satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to the Operating Partnership for redemption and acquired by us for shares of our common stock, (e) 400,000 2012 OPP Awards that, upon the
satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to the Operating Partnership for redemption and acquired by us for shares of our common stock and (f) 76,682 deferred stock units which were granted
pursuant to elections by certain of our non-employee directors to defer all cash compensation to be paid to such directors and to receive their deferred cash compensation in shares of our common stock upon their retirement from our Board of
Directors. Does not include 53,150 shares of restricted stock, as they have been reflected in our total shares outstanding. Because there is no exercise price associated with LTIP units, common units, 2011 OPP Awards, 2012 OPP Awards or deferred
stock units, such shares are not included in the weighed-average exercise price calculation. 2011 OPP Awards and 2012 OPP Awards are earned if Boston Properties, Inc. outperforms absolute and relative thresholds over a three-year measurement period.
Such thresholds were not met as of December 31, 2012. 

 (3) 

 “Full-value” awards (i.e., awards other than stock options) are multiplied by a 2.32 conversion ratio to calculate the number of shares available under the
2012 Plan that are used for each full-value award, as opposed to a 1.0 conversion ratio for each stock option awarded under the 2012 Plan. 

 155

 Table of Contents 

 (4) 

 Includes information related to the 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The ESPP was adopted by the Board of Directors on October 29, 1998. The
ESPP has not been approved by our stockholders. The ESPP is available to all our employees that are employed on the first day of the purchase period. Under the ESPP, each eligible employee may purchase shares of our common stock at semi-annual
intervals each year at a purchase price equal to 85% of the average closing prices of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange during the last ten business days of the purchase period. Each eligible employee may contribute no more than
$10,000 per year to purchase our common stock under the ESPP. 

 Additional information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2013 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 The information required by Item 13 will be included in
the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 The information required by Item 14 will be included in
the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 156

 Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Financial Statement Schedule 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 

 Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 December 31, 2012 
 (dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Type 

 Location 

 Encumbrances 

 Original 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 

 Subsequent 
 to 
 Acquisition 

 Land and
Improvements 

 Building
and 
 Improvements 

 Land 
 Held for 
 Development 

 Development 
 and 

 Construction 
 in Progress 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 Year(s) 
 Built/ 

 Renovated 

 Depreciable 
 Lives 
(Years) 

 Land 

 Building 

 Embarcadero Center 

 Office 

 San Francisco, CA 

 $ 

 365,263 

 $ 

 179,697 

 $ 

 847,410 

 $ 

 299,360 

 $ 

 195,984 

 $ 

 1,130,483 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,326,467 

 $ 

 431,933 

 1970/1989 

 (1 

 ) 

 Prudential Center 

 Office 

 Boston, MA 

 — 

 92,077 

 734,594 

 339,363 

 107,426 

 1,042,589 

 16,019 

 — 

 1,166,034 

 363,098 

 1965/1993/2002 

 (1 

 ) 

 399 Park Avenue 

 Office 

 New York, NY 

 — 

 339,200 

 700,358 

 91,986 

 354,107 

 777,437 

 — 

 — 

 1,131,544 

 197,783 

 1961 

 (1 

 ) 

 601 Lexington Avenue 

 Office 

 New York, NY 

 725,000 

 241,600 

 494,782 

 216,384 

 289,639 

 663,127 

 — 

 — 

 952,766 

 184,225 

 1977/1997 

 (1 

 ) 

 The John Hancock Tower and Garage 

 Office 

 Boston, MA 

 656,572 

 219,543 

 667,884 

 43,528 

 219,616 

 711,339 

 — 

 — 

 930,955 

 51,483 

 1976 

 (1 

 ) 

 Times Square Tower 

 Office 

 New York, NY 

 — 

 165,413 

 380,438 

 84,227 

 169,193 

 460,885 

 — 

 — 

 630,078 

 124,896 

 2004 

 (1 

 ) 

 100 Federal Street 

 Office 

 Boston, MA 

 — 

 131,067 

 435,954 

 566 

 131,067 

 436,520 

 — 

 — 

 567,587 

 12,712 

 1971-1975 

 (1 

 ) 

 Carnegie Center 

 Office 

 Princeton, NJ 

 — 

 105,107 

 377,259 

 59,196 

 103,062 

 436,434 

 2,066 

 — 

 541,562 

 155,643 

 1983-1999/2009 

 (1 

 ) 

 Atlantic Wharf 

 Office 

 Boston, MA 

 — 

 63,988 

 454,537 

 8,735 

 63,988 

 463,272 

 — 

 — 

 527,260 

 24,700 

 2011 

 (1 

 ) 

 Fountain Square 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 232,916 

 56,853 

 306,298 

 825 

 56,853 

 307,123 

 — 

 — 

 363,976 

 3,088 

 1986-1990 

 (1 

 ) 

 510 Madison Avenue 

 Office 

 New York, NY 

 — 

 103,000 

 253,665 

 — 

 103,000 

 253,665 

 — 

 — 

 356,665 

 7,485 

 2012 

 (1 

 ) 

 599 Lexington Avenue 

 Office 

 New York, NY 

 750,000 

 81,040 

 100,507 

 120,936 

 87,852 

 214,631 

 — 

 — 

 302,483 

 138,001 

 1986 

 (1 

 ) 

 Gateway Center 

 Office 

 San Francisco, CA 

 — 

 28,255 

 139,245 

 50,792 

 30,627 

 187,665 

 — 

 — 

 218,292 

 72,672 

 1984/1986/2002 

 (1 

 ) 

 Bay Colony Corporate Center 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 18,789 

 148,451 

 25,031 

 18,789 

 173,482 

 — 

 — 

 192,271 

 13,499 

 1985-1989 

 (1 

 ) 

 South of Market 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 13,603 

 164,144 

 9,359 

 13,687 

 173,419 

 — 

 — 

 187,106 

 31,984 

 2008 

 (1 

 ) 

 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 — 

 183,541 

 2,274 

 — 

 185,815 

 — 

 — 

 185,815 

 11,068 

 2011 

 (1 

 ) 

 One Patriots Park (formerly known as 12310 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 9,367 

 67,431 

 63,039 

 11,343 

 128,494 

 — 

 — 

 139,837 

 50,376 

 1987/1988/2012 

 (1 

 ) 

 Reservoir Place 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 18,605 

 92,619 

 26,487 

 20,118 

 117,593 

 — 

 — 

 137,711 

 48,183 

 1955/1987 

 (1 

 ) 

 3200 Zanker Road 

 Office 

 San Jose, CA 

 — 

 36,705 

 82,863 

 15,492 

 36,997 

 94,320 

 3,743 

 — 

 135,060 

 20,684 

 1988 

 (1 

 ) 

 505 9th Street 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 123,666 

 38,885 

 83,719 

 5,692 

 42,082 

 86,214 

 — 

 — 

 128,296 

 17,117 

 2007 

 (1 

 ) 

 1333 New Hampshire Avenue 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 34,032 

 85,660 

 8,407 

 35,382 

 92,717 

 — 

 — 

 128,099 

 27,928 

 1996 

 (1 

 ) 

 Kingstowne Towne Center 

 Office 

 Alexandria, VA 

 52,292 

 18,021 

 109,038 

 174 

 18,062 

 109,171 

 — 

 — 

 127,233 

 22,981 

 2003-2006 

 (1 

 ) 

 Capital Gallery 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 4,725 

 29,565 

 90,761 

 8,662 

 116,389 

 — 

 — 

 125,051 

 50,572 

 1981/2006 

 (1 

 ) 

 1330 Connecticut Avenue 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 25,982 

 82,311 

 16,248 

 27,135 

 97,406 

 — 

 — 

 124,541 

 26,291 

 1984 

 (1 

 ) 

 601 Massachusetts Avenue 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 95,281 

 22,221 

 4,300 

 95,293 

 22,257 

 4,252 

 — 

 121,802 

 18,123 

 1968/1992 

 (1 

 ) 

 Weston Corporate Center 

 Office 

 Weston, MA 

 — 

 25,753 

 92,312 

 (149 

 ) 

 25,852 

 92,064 

 — 

 — 

 117,916 

 7,870 

 2010 

 (1 

 ) 

 One Freedom Square 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 9,929 

 84,504 

 22,960 

 11,293 

 106,100 

 — 

 — 

 117,393 

 39,586 

 2000 

 (1 

 ) 

 One and Two Reston Overlook 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 16,456 

 66,192 

 23,463 

 17,561 

 88,550 

 — 

 — 

 106,111 

 26,959 

 1999 

 (1 

 ) 

 Two Freedom Square 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 13,930 

 77,739 

 13,797 

 15,420 

 90,046 

 — 

 — 

 105,466 

 34,233 

 2001 

 (1 

 ) 

 Seven Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 3,457 

 97,136 

 2,880 

 4,125 

 99,348 

 — 

 — 

 103,473 

 41,528 

 2006 

 (1 

 ) 

 Discovery Square 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 11,198 

 71,782 

 15,501 

 12,533 

 85,948 

 — 

 — 

 98,481 

 25,842 

 2001 

 (1 

 ) 

 140 Kendrick Street 

 Office 

 Needham, MA 

 48,358 

 18,095 

 66,905 

 8,424 

 19,092 

 74,332 

 — 

 — 

 93,424 

 15,474 

 2000 

 (1 

 ) 

 Five Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 18,863 

 53,346 

 19,288 

 18,938 

 63,619 

 — 

 8,940 

 91,497 

 17,480 

 1981/1996 

 (1 

 ) 

 77 CityPoint 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 13,847 

 60,383 

 3,123 

 13,875 

 63,478 

 — 

 — 

 77,353 

 9,936 

 2008 

 (1 

 ) 

 North First Business Park 

 Office 

 San Jose, CA 

 — 

 58,402 

 13,069 

 3,793 

 23,377 

 16,010 

 35,877 

 — 

 75,264 

 8,217 

 1981 

 (1) 

 230 CityPoint 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 13,189 

 49,823 

 11,694 

 13,593 

 61,113 

 — 

 — 

 74,706 

 15,128 

 1992 

 (1) 

 Four Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 19,104 

 52,078 

 3,514 

 19,148 

 55,548 

 — 

 — 

 74,696 

 9,118 

 1983/1998 

 (1) 

 Waltham Weston Corporate Center 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 10,385 

 60,694 

 2,987 

 11,097 

 62,969 

 — 

 — 

 74,066 

 19,278 

 2003 

 (1) 

 Democracy Tower 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 — 

 73,335 

 431 

 — 

 73,766 

 — 

 — 

 73,766 

 8,914 

 2009 

 (1) 

 157

 Table of Contents 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 

 Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2012 
 (dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Type 

 Location 

 Encumbrances 

 Original 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 

 Subsequent 
 to 
 Acquisition 

 Land and
Improvements 

 Building
and 
 Improvements 

 Land 
 Held for 
 Development 

 Development 
 and 

 Construction 
 in Progress 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 Year(s) 
 Built/ 

 Renovated 

 Depreciable 
 Lives 
(Years) 

 Land 

 Building 

 2440 West El Camino Real 

 Office 

 Mountain View, CA 

 — 

 16,741 

 51,285 

 491 

 16,741 

 51,776 

 — 

 — 

 68,517 

 2,268 

 1987/2003 

 (1) 

 Wisconsin Place 

 Office 

 Chevy Chase, MD 

 — 

 — 

 53,349 

 13,661 

 — 

 67,010 

 — 

 — 

 67,010 

 8,838 

 2009 

 (1) 

 Reston Corporate Center 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 9,135 

 50,857 

 5,334 

 10,148 

 55,178 

 — 

 — 

 65,326 

 19,527 

 1984 

 (1) 

 New Dominion Technology Park, Bldg. Two 

 Office 

 Herndon, VA 

 63,000 

 5,584 

 51,868 

 3,894 

 6,510 

 54,836 

 — 

 — 

 61,346 

 14,760 

 2004 

 (1) 

 One Preserve Parkway 

 Office 

 Rockville, MD 

 — 

 5,357 

 42,186 

 8,699 

 5,357 

 50,885 

 — 

 — 

 56,242 

 6,768 

 2009 

 (1) 

 Sumner Square 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 624 

 28,745 

 23,161 

 1,478 

 51,052 

 — 

 — 

 52,530 

 21,422 

 1985 

 (1) 

 New Dominion Technology Park, Bldg. One 

 Office 

 Herndon, VA 

 45,418 

 3,880 

 43,227 

 3,882 

 4,583 

 46,406 

 — 

 — 

 50,989 

 17,984 

 2001 

 (1) 

 303 Almaden Boulevard 

 Office 

 San Jose, CA 

 — 

 10,836 

 35,606 

 4,060 

 10,947 

 39,555 

 — 

 — 

 50,502 

 8,994 

 1995 

 (1) 

 200 West Street 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 16,148 

 24,983 

 8,100 

 16,813 

 32,418 

 — 

 — 

 49,231 

 13,499 

 1999 

 (1) 

 1301 New York Avenue 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 9,250 

 18,750 

 20,590 

 9,867 

 38,723 

 — 

 — 

 48,590 

 15,486 

 1983/1998 

 (1) 

 191 Spring Street 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 2,850 

 27,166 

 18,403 

 3,151 

 45,268 

 — 

 — 

 48,419 

 28,197 

 1971/1995 

 (1) 

 University Place 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 15,000 

 — 

 37,091 

 6,785 

 390 

 43,486 

 — 

 — 

 43,876 

 19,225 

 1985 

 (1) 

 2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard 

 Office 

 Rockville, MD 

 — 

 4,243 

 31,125 

 7,676 

 4,785 

 38,259 

 — 

 — 

 43,044 

 15,306 

 2001 

 (1) 

 Quorum Office Park 

 Office 

 Chelmsford, MA 

 — 

 3,750 

 32,454 

 5,273 

 5,187 

 36,290 

 — 

 — 

 41,477 

 11,890 

 2001 

 (1) 

 One Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 134 

 25,110 

 14,982 

 548 

 39,678 

 — 

 — 

 40,226 

 22,594 

 1987 

 (1) 

 Three Patriots Park (formerly known as 12290 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Office 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 3,594 

 32,977 

 1,374 

 4,009 

 33,936 

 — 

 — 

 37,945 

 11,798 

 2006 

 (1) 

 500 E Street 

 Office 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 109 

 22,420 

 12,418 

 2,379 

 32,568 

 — 

 — 

 34,947 

 19,595 

 1987 

 (1) 

 Eight Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 850 

 25,042 

 8,507 

 1,323 

 33,076 

 — 

 — 

 34,399 

 9,673 

 1999 

 (1) 

 10 and 20 Burlington Mall Road 

 Office 

 Burlington, MA 

 — 

 930 

 6,928 

 13,806 

 802 

 20,862 

 — 

 — 

 21,664 

 13,534 

 1984-1989/1996 

 (1) 

 Ten Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 1,299 

 12,943 

 6,109 

 2,395 

 17,956 

 — 

 — 

 20,351 

 10,729 

 1990 

 (1) 

 Three Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 174 

 12,200 

 5,855 

 367 

 17,862 

 — 

 — 

 18,229 

 9,315 

 1987 

 (1) 

 201 Spring Street 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 2,849 

 15,303 

 (154 

 ) 

 3,124 

 14,874 

 — 

 — 

 17,998 

 5,558 

 1997 

 (1) 

 Montvale Center 

 Office 

 Gaithersburg, MD 

 25,000 

 1,574 

 9,786 

 6,558 

 2,555 

 15,363 

 — 

 — 

 17,918 

 10,307 

 1987 

 (1) 

 40 Shattuck Road 

 Office 

 Andover, MA 

 — 

 709 

 14,740 

 2,268 

 893 

 16,824 

 — 

 — 

 17,717 

 4,928 

 2001 

 (1) 

 Lexington Office Park 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 998 

 1,426 

 13,503 

 1,264 

 14,663 

 — 

 — 

 15,927 

 9,714 

 1982 

 (1) 

 92-100 Hayden Avenue 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 594 

 6,748 

 7,819 

 802 

 14,359 

 — 

 — 

 15,161 

 9,160 

 1985 

 (1) 

 6601 & 6605 Springfield Center Drive 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 14,041 

 2,375 

 (1,836 

 ) 

 3,777 

 714 

 10,089 

 — 

 14,580 

 714 

 1990 

 (1) 

 181 Spring Street 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 1,066 

 9,520 

 1,950 

 1,160 

 11,376 

 — 

 — 

 12,536 

 3,704 

 1999 

 (1) 

 195 West Street 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 1,611 

 6,652 

 4,175 

 1,858 

 10,580 

 — 

 — 

 12,438 

 5,749 

 1990 

 (1) 

 Waltham Office Center 

 Office 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 422 

 2,719 

 9,266 

 165 

 8,445 

 3,797 

 — 

 12,407 

 8,051 

 1968-1970/1988 

 (1) 

 91 Hartwell Avenue 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 784 

 6,464 

 4,706 

 941 

 11,013 

 — 

 — 

 11,954 

 7,069 

 1985 

 (1) 

 Eleven Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 121 

 5,535 

 4,975 

 324 

 10,307 

 — 

 — 

 10,631 

 6,961 

 1984 

 (1) 

 7501 Boston Boulevard, Building Seven 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 665 

 9,273 

 544 

 791 

 9,691 

 — 

 — 

 10,482 

 3,653 

 1997 

 (1) 

 33 Hayden Avenue 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 266 

 3,234 

 6,073 

 425 

 9,148 

 — 

 — 

 9,573 

 7,011 

 1979 

 (1) 

 7435 Boston Boulevard, Building One 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 392 

 3,822 

 3,894 

 659 

 7,449 

 — 

 — 

 8,108 

 5,144 

 1982 

 (1) 

 7450 Boston Boulevard, Building Three 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 1,165 

 4,681 

 1,915 

 1,430 

 6,331 

 — 

 — 

 7,761 

 2,743 

 1987 

 (1) 

 8000 Grainger Court, Building Five 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 366 

 4,282 

 2,944 

 601 

 6,991 

 — 

 — 

 7,592 

 4,840 

 1984 

 (1) 

 453 Ravendale Drive 

 Office 

 Mountain View, CA 

 — 

 5,477 

 1,090 

 172 

 5,477 

 1,262 

 — 

 — 

 6,739 

 67 

 1977 

 (1) 

 7500 Boston Boulevard, Building Six 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 138 

 3,749 

 2,597 

 406 

 6,078 

 — 

 — 

 6,484 

 3,945 

 1985 

 (1) 

 7601 Boston Boulevard, Building Eight 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 200 

 878 

 4,875 

 551 

 5,402 

 — 

 — 

 5,953 

 3,415 

 1986 

 (1) 

 Fourteen Cambridge Center 

 Office 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 110 

 4,483 

 1,223 

 273 

 5,543 

 — 

 — 

 5,816 

 3,667 

 1983 

 (1) 

 7300 Boston Boulevard, Building Thirteen 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 608 

 4,773 

 230 

 661 

 4,950 

 — 

 — 

 5,611 

 3,580 

 2002 

 (1) 

 8000 Corporate Court, Building Eleven 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 136 

 3,071 

 1,484 

 775 

 3,916 

 — 

 — 

 4,691 

 2,222 

 1989 

 (1) 

 7374 Boston Boulevard, Building Four 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 241 

 1,605 

 1,899 

 398 

 3,347 

 — 

 — 

 3,745 

 2,220 

 1984 

 (1) 

 7375 Boston Boulevard, Building Ten 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 23 

 2,685 

 1,007 

 93 

 3,622 

 — 

 — 

 3,715 

 2,156 

 1988 

 (1) 

 7451 Boston Boulevard, Building Two 

 Office 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 249 

 1,542 

 1,313 

 613 

 2,491 

 — 

 — 

 3,104 

 2,074 

 1982 

 (1) 

 32 Hartwell Avenue 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 168 

 1,943 

 440 

 314 

 2,237 

 — 

 — 

 2,551 

 1,438 

 1968-1979/1987 

 (1) 

 158

 Table of Contents 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 

 Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2012 
 (dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Type 

 Location 

 Encumbrances 

 Original 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 

 Subsequent 
 to 
 Acquisition 

 Land and
Improvements 

 Building
and 
 Improvements 

 Land 
 Held for 
 Development 

 Development 
 and 

 Construction 
 in Progress 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 Year(s) 
 Built/ 

 Renovated 

 Depreciable 
 Lives 
(Years) 

 Land 

 Building 

 164 Lexington Road 

 Office 

 Billerica, MA 

 — 

 592 

 1,370 

 319 

 643 

 1,638 

 — 

 — 

 2,281 

 662 

 1982 

 (1) 

 17 Hartwell Avenue 

 Office 

 Lexington, MA 

 — 

 26 

 150 

 1,002 

 65 

 1,113 

 — 

 — 

 1,178 

 563 

 1968 

 (1) 

 Residences on The Avenue, 2221 I St., NW 

 Residential 

 Washington, DC 

 — 

 — 

 119,874 

 (39 

 ) 

 — 

 119,835 

 — 

 — 

 119,835 

 4,857 

 2011 

 (1) 

 The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf 

 Residential 

 Boston, MA 

 — 

 3,529 

 54,891 

 971 

 3,529 

 55,862 

 — 

 — 

 59,391 

 2,111 

 2011 

 (1) 

 Cambridge Center Marriott 

 Hotel 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 478 

 37,918 

 34,595 

 1,201 

 71,790 

 — 

 — 

 72,991 

 44,011 

 1986 

 (1) 

 Cambridge Center East Garage 

 Garage 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 — 

 35,035 

 1,487 

 103 

 36,419 

 — 

 — 

 36,522 

 5,721 

 1984 

 (1) 

 Cambridge Center West Garage 

 Garage 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 1,256 

 15,697 

 1,221 

 1,434 

 16,740 

 — 

 — 

 18,174 

 2,951 

 2006 

 (1) 

 Cambridge Center North Garage 

 Garage 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 1,163 

 11,633 

 2,750 

 1,579 

 13,967 

 — 

 — 

 15,546 

 7,745 

 1990 

 (1) 

 250 West 55th Street 

 Development 

 New York, NY 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 714,451 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 714,451 

 714,451 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 680 Folsom Street 

 Development 

 San Francisco, CA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 147,815 

 — 

 — 

 3,058 

 144,757 

 147,815 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Two Patriots Park (formerly known as 12300 Sunrise Valley Drive) 

 Development 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 9,062 

 58,884 

 54,309 

 11,009 

 65,426 

 — 

 45,820 

 122,255 

 43,278 

 1987/1988 

 N/A 

 The Avant at Reston Town Center Residential 

 Development 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 67,548 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 67,548 

 67,548 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 17 Cambridge Center 

 Development 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 55,264 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 55,264 

 55,264 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Plaza at Almaden 

 Land 

 San Jose, CA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 37,306 

 — 

 — 

 37,306 

 — 

 37,306 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Springfield Metro Center 

 Land 

 Springfield, VA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 31,965 

 — 

 — 

 31,965 

 — 

 31,965 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Tower Oaks Master Plan 

 Land 

 Rockville, MD 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 28,624 

 — 

 — 

 28,624 

 — 

 28,624 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Prospect Hill 

 Land 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 23,800 

 — 

 667 

 23,133 

 — 

 23,800 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Washingtonian North 

 Land 

 Gaithersburg, MD 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 17,891 

 — 

 — 

 17,891 

 — 

 17,891 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 103 4th Avenue 

 Land 

 Waltham, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 11,911 

 — 

 — 

 11,911 

 — 

 11,911 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Cambridge Master Plan 

 Land 

 Cambridge, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 10,896 

 — 

 — 

 10,896 

 — 

 10,896 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Reston Gateway 

 Land 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 9,521 

 — 

 — 

 9,521 

 — 

 9,521 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Reston Eastgate 

 Land 

 Reston, VA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 8,801 

 — 

 — 

 8,801 

 — 

 8,801 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Crane Meadow 

 Land 

 Marlborough, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 8,725 

 — 

 — 

 8,725 

 — 

 8,725 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Broad Run Business Park 

 Land 

 Loudon County, VA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 7,851 

 1,621 

 — 

 6,230 

 — 

 7,851 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 30 Shattuck Road 

 Land 

 Andover, MA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,190 

 — 

 — 

 1,190 

 — 

 1,190 

 — 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 $ 

 3,102,485 

 (2) 

 $ 

 2,500,010 

 $ 

 9,097,935 

 $ 

 3,271,942 

 $ 

 2,605,162 

 $ 

 10,952,851 

 $ 

 275,094 

 $ 

 1,036,780 

 $ 

 14,869,887 

 $ 

 2,919,479 

 Note: Total Real Estate does
not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment totaling approximately $23,441. Accumulated Depreciation does not include approximately $16,662 of accumulated depreciation related to Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment. 

 The aggregate cost and accumulated depreciation for tax
purposes was approximately $12.2 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. 

 (1) 

 Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over lives ranging from the life of the lease to 40 years. 

 (2) 

 Includes the unamortized balance of the historical fair value adjustment totaling approximately $38.6 million. 

 159

 Table of Contents 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2012 
 (dollars in thousands) 

 A summary of activity for real estate and accumulated
depreciation is as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Real Estate: 

 Balance at the beginning of the year 

 $ 

 13,363,113 

 $ 

 12,740,892 

 $ 

 11,075,879 

 Additions to/improvements of real estate 

 1,602,583 

 668,084 

 1,669,926 

 Assets sold/written-off 

 (95,809 

 ) 

 (45,863 

 ) 

 (4,913 

 ) 

 Balance at the end of the year 

 $ 

 14,869,887 

 $ 

 13,363,113 

 $ 

 12,740,892 

 Accumulated Depreciation: 

 Balance at the beginning of the year 

 $ 

 2,626,324 

 $ 

 2,308,665 

 $ 

 2,020,056 

 Depreciation expense 

 367,625 

 362,636 

 292,561 

 Assets sold/written-off 

 (74,470 

 ) 

 (44,977 

 ) 

 (3,952 

 ) 

 Balance at the end of the year 

 $ 

 2,919,479 

 $ 

 2,626,324 

 $ 

 2,308,665 

 Note: Real Estate and
Accumulated Depreciation amounts do not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment. 

 160

 Table of Contents 

 (b) Exhibits 

 3.1 

 — 

 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, File No. 333-25279.) 

 3.2 

 — 

 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series E Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Boston
Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2007.) 

 3.3 

 — 

 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2010.) 

 3.4 

 — 

 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2008.) 

 3.5 

 — 

 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated By-laws of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to
Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2010.) 

 4.1 

 — 

 Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2007, between Boston Properties, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company,
N.A., as Rights Agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2007.) 

 4.2 

 — 

 Form of Certificate of Designations for Series A Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.26 to Boston
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 1998.) 

 4.3 

 — 

 Form of Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Registration
Statement on Form S-11, File No. 333-25279.) 

 4.4 

 — 

 Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2002, by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York, as
Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 13, 2002.) 

 4.5 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of March 18, 2003, by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of
New York, as Trustee, including a form of the 5.625% Senior Note due 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 filed on May 13, 2003.) 

 4.6 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of May 22, 2003, by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of
New York, as Trustee, including a form of the 5.00% Senior Note due 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s Form S-4 filed on June 13, 2003, File No. 333-106127.) 

 4.7 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of April 6, 2006, by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of
New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 3.75% Exchangeable Senior Note due 2036. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10,
2006.) 

 4.8 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of August 19, 2008, between the Company and the Trustee, including a form of the
3.625% Exchangeable Senior Note due 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on August 20,
2008.) 

 161

 Table of Contents 

 4.9 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 8, dated as of October 9, 2009, between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 5.875% Senior Note due 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on October 9,
2009.) 

 4.10 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 9, dated as of April 19, 2010, between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 5.625% Senior Note due 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on April 19,
2010.) 

 4.11 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 10, dated as of November 18, 2010, between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 4.125% Senior Note due 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on November 18,
2010). 

 4.12 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 11, dated as of November 10, 2011, between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 3.700% Senior Note due 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on November 10,
2011). 

 4.13 

 — 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 12, dated as of June 11, 2012, between Boston Properties Limited Partnership and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form of the 3.85% Senior Note due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on June 11,
2012). 

 4.14 

 — 

 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2008, among the Company, Boston Properties, Inc., JP Morgan
Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Banc of America Securities LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as the representatives of the initial purchasers of the Notes. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on August 20, 2008.) 

 10.1 

 — 

 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of
June 29, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 1998.) 

 10.2 

 — 

 Certificate of Designations for the Series Two Preferred Units, dated November 12, 1998, constituting an amendment to the
Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.24 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25,
1998.) 

 10.3 

 — 

 Certificate of Designations for the Series Four Preferred Units, dated as of August 29, 2012, constituting an amendment to the
Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q of Boston Properties, Inc. filed on November 8,
2012.) 

 10.4* 

 — 

 Forty-Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership, dated as of April 11, 2003, by Boston Properties, Inc., as general partner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14,
2003.) 

 162

 Table of Contents 

 10.5* 

 — 

 Seventy-Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership, dated as of January 24, 2008, by Boston Properties, Inc., as general partner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29,
2008.) 

 10.6 

 — 

 Ninety-Eighth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership, dated as of October 21, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2010.) 

 10.7* 

 — 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Boston Properties,
Inc.’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 30, 2012.) 

 10.8* 

 — 

 Form of 2011 Outperformance Award Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2011.) 

 10.9* 

 — 

 Form of 2012 Outperformance Award Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2012.) 

 10.10* 

 — 

 Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to Boston
Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005.) 

 10.11* 

 — 

 First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.60 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005.) 

 10.12* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.61 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005.) 

 10.13* 

 — 

 Boston Properties Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2009. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.14* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of January 17, 2003.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.15* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and
Mortimer B. Zuckerman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.16* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and
Mortimer B. Zuckerman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.17* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Douglas T. Linde and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of November 29, 2002.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.18* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Douglas T.
Linde. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 163

 Table of Contents 

 10.19* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and
Douglas T. Linde. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.20* 

 — 

 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Raymond A. Ritchey and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of November
29, 2002. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.21* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties,
Inc. and Raymond A. Ritchey. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.22* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston
Properties, Inc. and Raymond A. Ritchey. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.23* 

 — 

 Letter Agreement by and among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and E. Mitchell Norville, dated
as of February 13, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2012.) 

 10.24* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Michael E. LaBelle and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of January 24, 2008. (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2008.) 

 10.25* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Michael E.
LaBelle. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.26* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Peter D. Johnston and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of August 25, 2005. (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2005.) 

 10.27* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Peter D.
Johnston. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.28* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Peter
D. Johnston. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.29* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Bryan J. Koop and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of November 29, 2002.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.30* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Bryan J.
Koop. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.31* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Bryan
J. Koop. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.32* 

 — 

 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Robert E. Selsam and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of
November 29, 2002. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 164

 Table of Contents 

 10.33* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties,
Inc. and Robert E. Selsam. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.34* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston
Properties, Inc. and Robert E. Selsam. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.35* 

 — 

 Compensation Agreement between Boston Properties, Inc. and Robert E. Selsam, dated as of August 10, 1995 relating to 90
Church Street. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, File No. 333-25279.) 

 10.36* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Robert E. Pester and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of December 16, 2002. (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.37* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Robert
E. Pester. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.38* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Robert E.
Pester. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.39* 

 — 

 Employment Agreement by and between Mitchell S. Landis and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of November 26, 2002.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.40* 

 — 

 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Mitchell S.
Landis. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.41* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between Boston Properties, Inc. and Mitchell
S. Landis. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.42* 

 — 

 Senior Executive Severance Agreement by and among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Mortimer
B. Zuckerman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.43* 

 — 

 First Amendment to the Senior Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and among Boston Properties,
Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Mortimer B. Zuckerman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.44* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to the Senior Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and among Boston
Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Mortimer B. Zuckerman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.45* 

 — 

 Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Boston Properties,
Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 165

 Table of Contents 

 10.46* 

 — 

 First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan, dated as of October 18, 2007.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.47* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan, dated as of December 15, 2008.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.48* 

 — 

 Boston Properties, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, dated as of July 30, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20
to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.) 

 10.49* 

 — 

 First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, dated as of October 18, 2007. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.50* 

 — 

 Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of July 30, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.51* 

 — 

 First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of October 18, 2007. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.) 

 10.52* 

 — 

 Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of December 15, 2008. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.57 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.) 

 10.53* 

 — 

 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and certain
officers and directors of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2004.) 

 10.54* 

 — 

 Director Appointment Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2011, by and between Matthew J. Lustig and Boston Properties,
Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2011.) 

 10.55* 

 — 

 Sixth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2011, among Boston Properties Limited
Partnership and the lenders identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on June 27, 2011). 

 12.1 

 — 

 Statement re Computation of Ratios. (Filed herewith.) 

 21.1 

 — 

 Subsidiaries of Boston Properties, Inc. (Filed herewith.) 

 23.1 

 — 

 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting firm. (Filed herewith.) 

 31.1 

 — 

 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
(Filed herewith.) 

 31.2 

 — 

 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
(Filed herewith.) 

 32.1 

 — 

 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished
herewith.) 

 166

 Table of Contents 

 32.2 

 — 

 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished
herewith.) 

 101 

 The following materials from Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2012 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related notes to these financial statements. 
 
 As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is filed for
purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 * 

 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to
Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

 167

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ M ICHAEL E.
L A B ELLE 

 Michael E. LaBelle 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 (duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 February 28, 2013 

 By: 

 /s/ M ORTIMER B.
Z UCKERMAN 

 Mortimer B. Zuckerman 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

 By: 

 /s/ D OUGLAS T.
L INDE 

 Douglas T. Linde 
 Director and President 

 By: 

 /s/ Z OË B AIRD 
B UDINGER 

 Zoë Baird Budinger 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ C AROL B.
E INIGER 

 Carol B. Einiger 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ D R . J ACOB A.
F RENKEL 

 Dr. Jacob A. Frenkel 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ J OEL I.
K LEIN 

 Joel I. Klein 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ M ATTHEW J.
L USTIG 

 Matthew J. Lustig 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ A LAN J.
P ATRICOF 

 Alan J. Patricof 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ M ARTIN 
T URCHIN 

 Martin Turchin 
 Director 

 By: 

 /s/ D AVID A.
T WARDOCK 

 David A. Twardock 
 Director 

 168

 Table of Contents 

 By: 

 /s/ M ICHAEL E.
L A B ELLE 

 Michael E. LaBelle 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
 Principal Financial
Officer 

 By: 

 /s/ A RTHUR S.
F LASHMAN 

 Arthur S. Flashman 
 Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting 

 Officer 

 169