# D 10-K 申報日 2013-02-28 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001193125-13-082933
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/715957/000119312513082933/d431694d10k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 d431694d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

 Form 10-K 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K
 
 (Mark One) 

 x 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 OR 

 ¨ 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from
 to 

 Commission File Number 

 Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters 

 I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number 

 001-08489 

 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 

 54-1229715 

 001-02255 

 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 

 54-0418825 

 VIRGINIA 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

 120 TREDEGAR STREET 

 RICHMOND, VIRGINIA 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 23219 
 (Zip Code) 

 (804) 819-2000 
 (Registrants’ telephone number) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of Each Class 

 Name of Each Exchange 

 on Which Registered 

 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 

 Common Stock, no par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 2009 Series A 8.375% 
 Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 

 Preferred Stock (cumulative), 
 $100 par value, $5.00 dividend 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

 Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Dominion
Resources,
Inc. Yes x No ¨ 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes x No ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
 
 Dominion Resources,
Inc. Yes ¨ No x 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ¨ No x 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Dominion Resources,
Inc. Yes x No ¨ 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes x No ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 
 Dominion Resources,
Inc. Yes x No ¨ 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes x No ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 Dominion Resources,
Inc. x Virginia Electric and Power
Company x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer ¨ 

 Non-accelerated filer ¨ 

 Smaller reporting company ¨ 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Large accelerated filer ¨ 

 Accelerated filer ¨ 

 Non-accelerated filer x 

 Smaller reporting company ¨ 

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
 
 Dominion Resources,
Inc. Yes ¨ No x 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ¨ No x 

 The aggregate market value of Dominion Resources, Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of Dominion was approximately $30.0 billion
based on the closing price of Dominion’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last day of Dominion’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Dominion is the sole holder of Virginia Electric and Power
Company common stock. As of January 31, 2013, Dominion had 576,309,631 shares of common stock outstanding and Virginia Power had 274,723 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 
 Portions of Dominion’s 2013 Proxy
Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III. 
 This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Dominion Resources, Inc. and
Virginia Electric and Power Company. Information contained herein relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Virginia Power makes no representations as to the information relating to Dominion’s
other operations. 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. and 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Item 
 Number 

 Page 
 Number 

 Glossary of Terms 

 1 

 Part I 

 1. 

 Business 

 5 

 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 20 

 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 24 

 2. 

 Properties 

 24 

 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 27 

 4. 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 27 

 Executive Officers of Dominion 

 28 

 Part II 

 5. 

 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

 29 

 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 30 

 7. 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 31 

 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 50 

 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 52 

 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 124 

 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures (Dominion) 

 124 

 9B. 

 Other Information 

 127 

 Part III 

 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 127 

 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 128 

 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

 151 

 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 151 

 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 152 

 Part IV 

 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 153 

 Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms 
 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 

 Abbreviation or Acronym 

 Definition 

 2009 Base Rate Review 

 Order entered by the Virginia Commission in January 2009, pursuant to the Regulation Act, initiating reviews of the base rates and terms
and conditions of all investor-owned utilities in Virginia 

 2013 Proxy Statement 

 Dominion 2013 Proxy Statement, File No. 001-08489 

 ABO 

 Accumulated benefit obligation 

 AES 

 Alternative Energy Solutions 

 AFUDC 

 Allowance for funds used during construction 

 AIP 

 Annual Incentive Plan 

 AMI 

 Advanced Metering Infrastructure 

 AMR 

 Automated meter reading program deployed by East Ohio 

 AOCI 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 AROs 

 Asset retirement obligations 

 ARP 

 Acid Rain Program, a market-based initiative for emissions allowance trading, established pursuant to Title IV of the
CAA 

 ASA 

 Average Speed of Answer, a primary metric used to measure customer service 

 ASLB 

 Atomic Safety and Licensing Board 

 ATEX line 

 Appalachia to Texas Express ethane line 

 bcf 

 Billion cubic feet 

 Bear Garden 

 A 590 MW combined cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Buckingham County, Virginia 

 Biennial Review Order 

 Order issued by the Virginia Commission in November 2011 concluding the 2009 - 2010 biennial review of Virginia Power’s base rates,
terms and conditions 

 Blue Racer 

 Blue Racer Midstream, LLC 

 BOEM 

 Bureau of Ocean Energy Management 

 BP 

 BP Wind Energy North America Inc. 

 Brayton Point 

 Brayton Point power station 

 BREDL 

 Blue Ridge Environmental Defense League 

 Bremo 

 Bremo power station 

 BRP 

 Dominion Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan 

 Brunswick County 

 A proposed 1,358 MW combined cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Brunswick County, Virginia 

 CAA 

 Clean Air Act 

 Caiman 

 Caiman Energy II, LLC 

 CAIR 

 Clean Air Interstate Rule 

 CAO 

 Chief Accounting Officer 

 Carson-to-Suffolk line 

 Virginia Power 60-mile 500 kV transmission line in southeastern Virginia 

 CD&A 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 CDO 

 Collateralized debt obligation 

 CEO 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 CERCLA 

 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 

 CFO 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 CFTC 

 Commodity Futures Trading Commission 

 CGN Committee 

 Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee of Dominion’s Board of Directors 

 Chesapeake 

 Chesapeake power station 

 CNG 

 Consolidated Natural Gas Company 

 CNO 

 Chief Nuclear Officer 

 CO 2 

 Carbon dioxide 

 COL 

 Combined Construction Permit and Operating License 

 Companies 

 Dominion and Virginia Power, collectively 

 CONSOL 

 CONSOL Energy, Inc. 

 COO 

 Chief Operating Officer 

 Cooling degree days 

 Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is greater than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, calculated as the difference
between 65 degrees and the average temperature for that day 

 Cove Point 

 Dominion Cove Point LNG, LP 

 CSAPR 

 Cross State Air Pollution Rule 

 CWA 

 Clean Water Act 

 DCI 

 Dominion Capital, Inc. 

 DEI 

 Dominion Energy, Inc. 

 Dodd-Frank Act 

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 

 DOE 

 Department of Energy 

 Dominion 

 The legal entity, Dominion Resources, Inc., one or more of Dominion Resources, Inc.’s consolidated subsidiaries (other than
Virginia Power) or operating segments or the entirety of Dominion Resources, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms, continued 

 Abbreviation or Acronym 

 Definition 

 Dominion
Direct ® 

 A dividend reinvestment and open enrollment direct stock purchase plan 

 Dooms-to-Bremo line 

 Virginia Power project to rebuild approximately 43 miles of existing 115 kV to 230 kV lines, between the Dooms and Bremo
substations 

 Dooms-to-Lexington line 

 Virginia Power project to rebuild approximately 39 miles of an existing 500 kV line, between the Dooms and Lexington
substations 

 DPP 

 Dominion’s Defined Benefit Pension Plan 

 DRS 

 Dominion Resources Services, Inc. 

 DSM 

 Demand-side management 

 DTI 

 Dominion Transmission, Inc. 

 DVP 

 Dominion Virginia Power operating segment 

 E&P 

 Exploration & production 

 East Ohio 

 The East Ohio Gas Company, doing business as Dominion East Ohio 

 EGWP 

 Employer Group Waiver Plan 

 Elwood 

 Elwood power station 

 Enterprise 

 Enterprise Product Partners, L.P. 

 EPA 

 Environmental Protection Agency 

 EPACT 

 Energy Policy Act of 2005 

 EPS 

 Earnings per share 

 ERISA 

 The Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 

 ERM 

 Enterprise Risk Management 

 ERO 

 Electric Reliability Organization 

 ESRP 

 Dominion Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 Excess Tax Benefits 

 Benefits of tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation 

 Fairless 

 Fairless power station 

 FASB 

 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

 FCM 

 Futures Commission Merchant 

 FERC 

 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

 Fitch 

 Fitch Ratings Ltd. 

 Fowler Ridge 

 A wind-turbine facility joint venture with BP in Benton County, Indiana 

 Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan 

 Frozen DSOP 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Security Option Plan 

 FTRs 

 Financial transmission rights 

 GAAP 

 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

 GHG 

 Greenhouse gas 

 GWSA 

 Global Warming Solutions Act 

 Harrisonburg-to-Endless Caverns line 

 Virginia Power project to construct a 20-mile 230 kV line from the Harrisonburg substation to the Endless Caverns
substation 

 Hayes-to-Yorktown line 

 Virginia Power project to construct an approximately eight-mile 230 kV transmission line in southeastern Virginia 

 Heating degree days 

 Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is less than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, calculated as the difference
between 65 degrees and the average temperature for that day 

 Hope 

 Hope Gas, Inc., doing business as Dominion Hope 

 INPO 

 Institute of Nuclear Power Operations 

 IRC 

 Internal Revenue Code 

 IRS 

 Internal Revenue Service 

 ISO 

 Independent system operator 

 ISO-NE 

 ISO New England 

 Joint Committee 

 U.S. Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation 

 June 2006 hybrids 

 2006 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2066 

 June 2009 hybrids 

 2009 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2064, subject to extensions no later than 2079 

 Juniper 

 Juniper Capital L.P. 

 Kewaunee 

 Kewaunee nuclear power station 

 Kincaid 

 Kincaid power station 

 kV 

 Kilovolt 

 kWh 

 Kilowatt-hour 

 LIBOR 

 London Interbank Offered Rate 

 LIFO 

 Last-in-first-out inventory method 

 LNG 

 Liquefied natural gas 

 LTIP 

 Long-term incentive program 

 MATS 

 Utility Mercury and Air Toxics Standard Rule 

 Manchester Street 

 Manchester Street power station 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 Abbreviation or Acronym 

 Definition 

 mcf 

 million cubic feet 

 MD&A 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun line 

 Virginia Power 65-mile 500 kV transmission line that begins in Warren County, Virginia and terminates in Loudoun County,
Virginia 

 Medicare Act 

 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 

 Medicare Part D 

 Prescription drug benefit introduced in the Medicare Act 

 MF Global 

 MF Global Inc. 

 MGD 

 Million gallons a day 

 Millstone 

 Millstone nuclear power station 

 MISO 

 Midwest Independent Transmission System Operators, Inc. 

 Moody’s 

 Moody’s Investors Service 

 Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line 

 Virginia Power project to rebuild approximately 96 miles of an existing 500 kV transmission line in Virginia and West
Virginia 

 MW 

 Megawatt 

 MWh 

 Megawatt hour 

 NAAQS 

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards 

 NAV 

 Net asset value 

 NCEMC 

 North Carolina Electric Membership Corporation 

 NedPower 

 A wind-turbine facility joint venture with Shell in Grant County, West Virginia 

 NEIL 

 Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited 

 NEOs 

 Named executive officers 

 NERC 

 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 

 NGLs 

 Natural gas liquids 

 NO 2 

 Nitrogen dioxide 

 Non-Employee Directors Plan 

 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan 

 North Anna 

 North Anna nuclear power station 

 North Branch 

 North Branch power station 

 North Carolina Commission 

 North Carolina Utilities Commission 

 North Carolina Settlement Approval Order 

 Order issued by the North Carolina Commission in December 2010 approving the Stipulation and Settlement Agreement filed by Virginia Power
in connection with the ending of its North Carolina base rate moratorium 

 NO X 

 Nitrogen oxide 

 NPDES 

 National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 

 NRC 

 Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

 NSPS 

 New Source Performance Standards 

 NYMEX 

 New York Mercantile Exchange 

 NYSE 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 ODEC 

 Old Dominion Electric Cooperative 

 Ohio Commission 

 Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 

 OSHA 

 Occupational Safety and Health Administration 

 PBGC 

 Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation 

 Peoples 

 The Peoples Natural Gas Company 

 Pipeline Safety Act 

 The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011 

 PIPP 

 Percentage of Income Payment Plan 

 PIR 

 Pipeline Infrastructure Replacement program deployed by East Ohio 

 PJM 

 PJM Interconnection, LLC 

 PM&P 

 Pearl Meyer & Partners 

 PNG Companies LLC 

 An indirect subsidiary of Steel River Infrastructure Fund North America 

 ppb 

 Parts-per-billion 

 Radnor Heights Project 

 Virginia Power project to construct three new 230 kV underground transmission lines totaling approximately 6 miles and the associated
Radnor Heights substation in Arlington County, Virginia 

 RCCs 

 Replacement Capital Covenants 

 RCRA 

 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act 

 Regulation Act 

 Legislation effective July 1, 2007, that amended the Virginia Electric Utility Restructuring Act and fuel factor statute, which
legislation is also known as the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act 

 REIT 

 Real estate investment trust 

 RGGI 

 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 

 Rider A1 

 A rate adjustment clause to reduce anticipated over-collected fuel expense for the second half of 2012, effective November 1, 2012 to
December 31, 2012 

 Rider B 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the conversion of three of Virginia Power’s coal-fired
power stations to biomass 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 Abbreviation or Acronym 

 Definition 

 Rider BW 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Brunswick County 

 Rider R 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Bear Garden 

 Rider S 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 

 Rider T 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of certain electric transmission-related expenditures 

 Rider T1 

 A rate adjustment clause to recover the difference between revenues produced from current Rider T rates included in base rates, and the
new revenue requirement developed for the rate year beginning September 1, 2012 

 Rider W 

 A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Warren County 

 Riders C1 and C2 

 Rate adjustment clauses associated with the recovery of costs related to certain DSM programs 

 Riders C1A and C2A 

 Rate adjustment clauses associated with the recovery of costs related to certain DSM programs approved in the 2011 DSM
case 

 ROE 

 Return on equity 

 ROIC 

 Return on invested capital 

 RPS 

 Renewable Portfolio Standard 

 RTEP 

 Regional transmission expansion plan 

 RTO 

 Regional transmission organization 

 SAFSTOR 

 A method of nuclear decommissioning, as defined by the NRC, in which a nuclear facility is placed and maintained in a condition that
allows the facility to be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated to levels that permit release for unrestricted use 

 SAIDI 

 System Average Interruption Duration Index, metric used to measure electric service reliability 

 Salem Harbor 

 Salem Harbor power station 

 SEC 

 Securities and Exchange Commission 

 September 2006 hybrids 

 2006 Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2066 

 Shell 

 Shell WindEnergy, Inc. 

 SO 2 

 Sulfur dioxide 

 Standard & Poor’s 

 Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

 State Line 

 State Line power station 

 Surry 

 Surry nuclear power station 

 Surry-to-Skiffes Creek-to-Whealton lines 

 Virginia Power project to construct a 7-mile 500 kV line from Surry to the proposed Skiffes Creek Switching Station and a 20-mile 230 kV
line from the proposed Skiffes Creek Switching Station to the Whealton substation 

 TGP 

 Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company 

 TSR 

 Total shareholder return 

 U.S. 

 United States of America 

 U.S. DOT 

 United States Department of Transportation 

 UAO 

 Unilateral Administrative Order 

 UEX Rider 

 Uncollectible Expense Rider 

 VEBA 

 Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association 

 VIE 

 Variable interest entity 

 Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 

 A 600 MW baseload carbon-capture compatible, clean coal powered electric generation facility in Wise County,
Virginia 

 Virginia Commission 

 Virginia State Corporation Commission 

 Virginia Power 

 The legal entity, Virginia Electric and Power Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or operating segments or the
entirety of Virginia Power and its consolidated subsidiaries 

 Virginia Settlement Approval Order 

 Order issued by the Virginia Commission in March 2010 concluding Virginia Power’s 2009 Base Rate Review 

 Warren County 

 A 1,329 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station under construction in Warren County, Virginia 

 Waxpool-Brambleton-BECO line 

 Virginia Power project to construct an approximately 1.5-mile double circuit 230 kV line to a new Waxpool substation, and a new 230 kV
line between the Brambleton and BECO substations 

 West Virginia Commission 

 Public Service Commission of West Virginia 

 Yorktown 

 Yorktown power station 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 Part I 

 Item 1. Business 
 G ENERAL 
 Dominion , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and
incorporated in Virginia in 1983, is one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy. Dominion’s strategy is to be a leading provider of electricity, natural gas and related services to customers primarily in the eastern
region of the U.S. Dominion’s portfolio of assets includes approximately 27,500 MW of generating capacity, 6,300 miles of electric transmission lines, 56,900 miles of electric distribution lines, 11,000 miles of natural gas transmission,
gathering and storage pipeline and 21,800 miles of gas distribution pipeline, exclusive of service lines of two inches in diameter or less. Dominion also operates one of the nation’s largest underground natural gas storage systems, with
approximately 947 bcf of storage capacity, and serves nearly 6 million utility and retail energy customers in 15 states. 

 Dominion is focused on expanding its investment in regulated electric generation, transmission and distribution and regulated natural gas
transmission and distribution infrastructure within and around its existing footprint. Dominion expects this will continue to increase its earnings contribution from regulated operations, while reducing the sensitivity of its earnings to commodity
prices. 
 Dominion continues to expand and improve its regulated electric and natural gas businesses, in accordance with its
five-year capital investment program. A major impetus for this program is to meet the anticipated increase in electricity demand in its electric utility service territory. Other drivers for the capital investment program include the construction of
infrastructure to handle the increase in natural gas production from the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations; and to upgrade Dominion’s gas distribution and electric transmission and distribution networks. Planned investments to gather and
process natural gas production from the Utica Shale formation, in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania, are expected to be made by the newly-formed Blue Racer joint venture. 
 Dominion’s nonregulated operations include merchant generation, energy marketing and price risk management activities and retail energy marketing operations. Dominion is in the process of
transitioning to a more regulated earnings mix as evidenced by its capital investments in regulated infrastructure, as well as dispositions of certain merchant generation facilities during 2012 and its announcement that other merchant generation
facilities are expected to be sold or decommissioned in 2013. Dominion’s operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. 
 Virginia Power , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and incorporated in Virginia in 1909 as a Virginia public service corporation, is a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and
distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North Carolina. In Virginia, Virginia Power conducts business under the name “Dominion Virginia Power” and primarily serves retail customers. In North Carolina, it conducts business under
the name “Dominion North Carolina Power” and serves retail customers located in the northeastern region of the state, excluding certain municipalities. In addition, Virginia Power sells electricity at wholesale prices to rural electric
cooperatives, municipalities and into wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power’s common stock is owned by Dominion. 
 Amounts disclosed for Dominion are inclusive of Virginia Power, where applicable.

 E MPLOYEES 
 As of December 31, 2012, Dominion had approximately 15,500 full-time employees, of which approximately 5,800 employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. As of
December 31, 2012, Virginia Power had approximately 6,800 full-time employees, of which approximately 3,100 employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 

 P RINCIPAL E XECUTIVE O FFICES 
 Dominion and
Virginia Power’s principal executive offices are located at 120 Tredegar Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219 and their telephone number is (804) 819-2000. 

 W HERE Y OU 
C AN F IND M ORE I NFORMATION A BOUT D OMINION AND V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Dominion and Virginia Power file their annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Their SEC filings are
available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document they file at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power make their SEC filings
available, free of charge, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, through Dominion’s internet website, www.dom.com, as soon as practicable after
filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. You may also request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning Dominion at: Corporate Secretary, Dominion, 120 Tredegar Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219, Telephone
(804) 819-2000. Information contained on Dominion’s website is not incorporated by reference in this report. 

 A CQUISITIONS AND 
D ISPOSITIONS 
 Following are significant divestitures by Dominion and Virginia Power during the last five years. There were
no significant acquisitions by either registrant during this period. 
 S ALE OF E&P
P ROPERTIES 
 In 2010, Dominion completed the sale of substantially all of its Appalachian E&P operations, including its
rights to associated Marcellus acreage, to a subsidiary of CONSOL for approximately $3.5 billion. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The historical results of the Appalachian E&P operations are
included in the Dominion Energy segment. 
 S ALE OF P EOPLES 

 In February 2010, Dominion completed the sale of Peoples to PNG Companies LLC and netted after-tax proceeds of approximately $542 million. The historical
results of these operations are included in the Corporate and Other segment and presented in discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

 5 

 Table of Contents 

 A SSIGNMENT OF M ARCELLUS A CREAGE 
 
 In 2008, Dominion completed a transaction with Antero Resources to assign drilling rights to approximately 117,000 acres in the Marcellus
Shale formation located in West Virginia and Pennsylvania. Dominion received proceeds of approximately $347 million. Under the agreement, Dominion received a 7.5% overriding royalty interest on future natural gas production from the assigned
acreage. The overriding royalty interest was transferred to CONSOL as part of the sale of substantially all of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations in 2010. 
 S ALE OF C ERTAIN DCI O PERATIONS 

 In March 2008, Dominion reached an agreement to sell its remaining interest in the subordinated notes of a third-party CDO entity held as an investment by
DCI and in April 2008 received proceeds of $54 million, including accrued interest. Dominion deconsolidated the CDO entity as of March 31, 2008. 

 O PERATING S EGMENTS 
 
 Dominion manages its daily operations through three primary operating segments: DVP, Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy. Dominion
also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations that are expected to be or are currently discontinued, which is discussed in
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the
segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 
 Virginia Power manages its daily operations through two
primary operating segments: DVP and Dominion Generation. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive
management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 
 While daily operations are
managed through the operating segments previously discussed, assets remain wholly-owned by Dominion and Virginia Power and their respective legal subsidiaries. 
 A description of the operations included in the Companies’ primary operating segments is as follows: 

 Primary Operating 
 Segment 

 Description of Operations 

 Dominion 

 Virginia
Power 

 DVP 

 Regulated electric distribution 

 X 

 X 

 Regulated electric transmission 

 X 

 X 

 Nonregulated retail energy marketing (electric and gas) 

 X 

 Dominion Generation 

 Regulated electric fleet 

 X 

 X 

 Merchant electric fleet 

 X 

 Dominion Energy 

 Gas transmission and storage 

 X 

 Gas distribution and storage 

 X 

 LNG import and storage 

 X 

 Producer services 

 X 

 For additional financial information on operating segments, including revenues from external customers,
see Note 25 to the

Consolidated Financial Statements. For additional information on operating revenue related to Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s principal products and services, see Notes 2 and 4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 DVP 

 The DVP Operating Segment of Virginia Power includes Virginia Power’s regulated electric transmission and distribution (including customer
service) operations, which serve approximately 2.5 million residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers in Virginia and North Carolina. 
 DVP has announced its five-year investment plan, which includes spending approximately $4.5 billion from 2013 through 2017 to upgrade or add new transmission and distribution lines, substations and
other facilities to meet growing electricity demand within its service territory and maintain reliability. The proposed electric delivery infrastructure projects are intended to address both continued customer growth and increases in electricity
consumption by the typical consumer. In addition, data centers continue to contribute to anticipated demand growth, with an expected load of approximately 715 MW by the end of 2013. 

 Revenue provided by electric distribution operations is based primarily on rates established by state regulatory authorities and state
law. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by changes in rates, weather, customer growth and other factors impacting consumption such as the economy and energy conservation, in addition to operating and maintenance expenditures. Operationally,
electric distribution continues to focus on improving service levels while striving to reduce costs and link investments to operational results. As a result, electric service reliability and customer service have improved. The three-year average
SAIDI has improved from 125 minutes at the end of 2007 to 105 minutes at the end of 2012. Likewise, ASA has also shown significant improvement. The three-year average ASA has improved from 57 seconds at the end of 2007 to 38 seconds at the end
of 2012. Customer service options continue to be enhanced and expanded through the use of technology. Customers now have the ability to use the Internet for routine billing and payment transactions, connecting and disconnecting service, reporting
outages and obtaining outage updates. Additionally, customers can follow progress of electric service restoration efforts following major outages by accessing Facebook or Twitter. In the future, safety, electric service reliability and customer
service will remain key focal areas for electric distribution. 
 Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission
operations is based primarily on rates approved by FERC. The profitability of this business is dependent on its ability, through the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on its capital investments.
Variability in earnings primarily results from changes in rates and the timing of property additions, retirements and depreciation. 
 Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM wholesale electricity markets. Consistent with the increased authority given to NERC by EPACT,
Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations are committed to meeting NERC standards, modernizing its infrastructure and maintaining superior system reliability. Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations will continue to focus
on 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

safety, operational performance, NERC compliance and execution of PJM’s RTEP. 
 The DVP Operating Segment of Dominion includes all of Virginia Power’s regulated electric transmission and distribution operations as discussed above, as well as Dominion’s nonregulated
retail energy marketing operations. 
 Dominion’s retail energy marketing operations compete in nonregulated energy markets.
The retail business requires limited capital investment and currently employs approximately 190 people. The retail customer base includes 2.1 million customer accounts and is diversified across three product lines-natural gas, electricity and
energy-related products and services. Dominion has a heavy concentration of natural gas customers in markets where utilities have a long-standing commitment to customer choice. Dominion pursues customers in electricity markets where utilities have
divested of generation assets and where customers are permitted and have opted to purchase from the market. Major growth drivers are net customer additions, new market penetration, product development and expanded sales channels and supply
optimization. 
 C OMPETITION 
 DVP Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 
 Within Virginia Power’s
service territory in Virginia and North Carolina, there is no competition for electric distribution service. Additionally, since its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM, electric transmission services are administered by PJM and
are not subject to competition in relation to transmission service provided to customers within the PJM region. Virginia Power is seeing continued growth in new customers in its transmission and distribution operations. In its Order 1000 compliance
filing, PJM has proposed tariff changes that, if approved by FERC, could allow certain transmission facilities to be constructed in Virginia Power’s service territory by entities other than Virginia Power beginning in 2013. 

 DVP Operating Segment—Dominion 

 Dominion’s retail energy marketing operations compete against incumbent utilities and other energy marketers in nonregulated energy markets for
natural gas and electricity. Customers in these markets have the right to select a retail marketer and typically do so based upon price savings or price stability; however, incumbent utilities have the advantage of long-standing relationships with
their customers and greater name recognition in their markets. 
 R EGULATION 

 Virginia Power’s electric retail service, including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, is subject to regulation by the Virginia
Commission and the North Carolina Commission. Virginia Power’s wholesale electric transmission rates, tariffs and terms of service are subject to regulation by FERC. Electric transmission siting authority remains the jurisdiction of the
Virginia and North Carolina Commissions. However, EPACT provides FERC with certain backstop authority for transmission siting. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in Regulation and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information, including a discussion of the 2011 Biennial Review Order.

 P ROPERTIES 
 Virginia Power has approximately 6,300 miles of electric transmission lines of 69 kV or more located in the states of North Carolina, Virginia and West Virginia. Portions of Virginia Power’s electric
transmission lines cross national parks and forests under permits entitling the federal government to use, at specified charges, any surplus capacity that may exist in these lines. While Virginia Power owns and maintains its electric transmission
facilities, they are a part of PJM, which coordinates the planning, operation, emergency assistance and exchange of capacity and energy for such facilities. 
 Each year, as part of PJM’s RTEP process, reliability projects are authorized. In December 2012, Virginia Power completed construction of the Hayes-to-Yorktown line at a total project cost of $79
million. This previously authorized PJM project was designed to improve the reliability of service to customers and the region. Previously approved PJM-authorized reliability projects such as the Waxpool-Brambleton-BECO line ($49 million), the
Harrisonburg-to-Endless Caverns line ($66 million) the Radnor Heights Project ($81 million), and the Dooms-to-Bremo line ($65 million) continue to progress and are expected to be completed on time. 

 As part of subsequent annual PJM RTEP processes, PJM authorized additional electric transmission upgrade projects including the Mt.
Storm-to-Doubs line ($350 million) in December 2010 and the Surry-to-Skiffes Creek-to-Whealton lines ($155 million) in 2012. Also approved as a reliability project in 2012 was the Dooms-to-Lexington line ($112 million). See Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding electric transmission projects. 
 In addition, Virginia
Power’s electric distribution network includes approximately 56,900 miles of distribution lines, exclusive of service level lines, in Virginia and North Carolina. The grants for most of its electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been
obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on
publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. 
 S OURCES OF E NERGY 
S UPPLY 
 DVP Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 

 DVP’s supply of electricity to serve Virginia Power customers is produced or procured by Dominion Generation. See Dominion Generation for
additional information. 
 DVP Operating Segment—Dominion 
 The supply of electricity to serve Dominion’s retail energy marketing customers is procured through market wholesalers and RTO or ISO transactions. The supply of gas to serve Dominion’s retail
energy marketing customers is procured through market wholesalers or by Dominion Energy. See Dominion Energy for additional information. 

 S EASONALITY 
 DVP
Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 
 DVP’s earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in
temperature, the impact of storms and other cata- 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

strophic weather events, and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. 
 Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs. An increase in heating degree days for DVP’s electric-utility related operations
does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, due to seasonal pricing differentials and because alternative heating sources are more readily available. 
 DVP Operating Segment—Dominion 
 The earnings of Dominion’s retail energy
marketing operations also vary seasonally. Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs, while the demand for gas peaks during the winter months to meet heating needs. 

 Dominion Generation 
 The Dominion Generation
Operating Segment of Virginia Power includes the generation operations of the Virginia Power regulated electric utility and its related energy supply operations. Virginia Power’s utility generation operations primarily serve the supply
requirements for the DVP segment’s utility customers. 
 Earnings for the Generation operating segment of Virginia Power
primarily result from the sale of electricity generated by its utility fleet. Revenue is based primarily on rates established by state regulatory authorities and state law. Approximately 80% of revenue comes from serving Virginia jurisdictional
customers. Rates for the Virginia jurisdiction are set using a modified cost-of-service rate model. The cost of fuel and purchased power is generally collected through fuel cost-recovery mechanisms established by regulators and does not materially
impact net income. Variability in earnings for Virginia Power’s generation operations results from changes in rates, the demand for services, which is primarily weather dependent, and labor and benefit costs, as well as the timing, duration and
costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages. See Electric Regulation in Virginia under Regulation and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 The Dominion Generation Operating Segment of Dominion includes Virginia Power’s generation facilities and its related energy
supply operations described above as well as the generation operations of Dominion’s merchant fleet and energy marketing and price risk management activities for these assets. The Generation operating segment of Dominion derives its earnings
primarily from the sale of electricity generated by Virginia Power’s utility and Dominion’s merchant generation assets, as well as from associated capacity and ancillary services. 

 Variability in earnings provided by Dominion’s merchant fleet relates to changes in market-based prices received for electricity and
capacity. Market-based prices for electricity are largely dependent on commodity prices, primarily natural gas, and the demand for electricity, which is primarily dependent upon weather. Capacity prices are dependent upon resource requirements in
relation to the supply available (both existing and new) in the forward capacity auctions, which are held approximately three years in advance of the associated delivery year. Dominion manages electric and capacity price volatility of its merchant
fleet by hedging a substantial portion of its expected near-term sales with

derivative instruments and also entering into long-term power sales agreements. However, earnings have been adversely impacted due to a sustained decline in commodity prices. This sustained
decline in power prices in conjunction with Dominion’s regular strategic review of its portfolio of assets has led to its decision to pursue the sale or retirement of certain merchant generation assets, which is discussed in more detail below.
Variability also results from changes in the cost of fuel consumed, labor and benefits and the timing, duration and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages. 
 C OMPETITION 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and
Virginia Power 
 Virginia Power’s generation operations are not subject to significant competition as only a limited number of its
Virginia jurisdictional electric utility customers have retail choice. See Regulation-State Regulations-Electric for more information. Currently, North Carolina does not offer retail choice to electric customers. 

 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion 
 Unlike Dominion Generation’s regulated generation fleet, its merchant generation fleet is dependent on its ability to operate in a competitive environment and does not have a predetermined rate
structure that allows for a rate of return on its capital investments. Competition for the merchant fleet is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and transmission capacity,
technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors. These competitive factors may negatively impact the merchant fleet’s ability to profit from the sale of
electricity and related products and services. 
 Dominion Generation’s merchant generation fleet owns and operates several
facilities in the Midwest that operate within functioning RTOs. A significant portion of the output from these facilities is sold under long-term contracts, the majority of which expire between December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2013, and is
therefore largely unaffected by price competition during the terms of these contracts. It was announced during the third quarter of 2012 that Dominion would pursue the sale of these Midwest assets, excluding its wind facilities. In the fourth
quarter of 2012, Dominion announced that Kewaunee is expected to be decommissioned beginning in 2013. 
 Dominion
Generation’s other merchant assets also operate within functioning RTOs and primarily compete on the basis of price. Competitors include other generating assets bidding to operate within the RTOs. These RTOs have clearly identified market rules
that ensure the competitive wholesale market is functioning properly. Dominion Generation’s merchant units compete in the spot market with other generators to sell a variety of products including energy, capacity and ancillary services. It is
difficult to compare various types of generation given the wide range of fuels, fuel procurement strategies, efficiencies and operating characteristics of the fleet within any given RTO. However, Dominion applies its expertise in operations,
dispatch and risk management to maximize the degree to which its merchant fleet is competitive compared to similar assets within the region.

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 R EGULATION 
 Virginia Power’s utility generation fleet and Dominion’s merchant generation fleet are subject to regulation by FERC, the NRC, the EPA, the DOE, the Army Corps of Engineers and other federal,
state and local authorities. Virginia Power’s utility generation fleet is also subject to regulation by the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in Regulation 
for more information. 
 P ROPERTIES 
 For a listing of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s existing generation facilities, see Item 2. Properties. 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 
 The generation
capacity of Virginia Power’s electric utility fleet totals 17,708 MW. The generation mix is diversified and includes coal, nuclear, gas, oil, hydro and renewables. Virginia Power’s generation facilities are located in Virginia, West
Virginia and North Carolina and serve load in Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. 
 Based on available generation capacity
and current estimates of growth in customer demand in its utility service area, Virginia Power will need additional generation capacity over the next decade. Virginia Power has announced a comprehensive generation growth program, referred to as
 Powering Virginia , which involves the development, financing, construction and operation of new multi-fuel, multi-technology generation capacity to meet the anticipated growing demand in its core market in Virginia. Significant projects under
construction or development are set forth below: 

 Ÿ 

 In February 2012, the Virginia Commission authorized the construction of Warren County which is estimated to cost approximately $1.1 billion, excluding
financing costs. It is expected to generate approximately 1,329 MW of electricity when operational. Commercial operations are scheduled to commence by late 2014. In connection with the air permit process for Warren County, Virginia Power reached an
agreement to permanently retire North Branch, a 74 MW coal-fired plant located in West Virginia, once Warren County begins commercial operations. During the fourth quarter of 2012, Virginia Power sold North Branch to a salvage company that plans to
demolish the station and resell the land. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power is converting three coal-fired Virginia generating stations to biomass, a renewable energy source. The conversions of the power stations
in Altavista, Hopewell and Southampton County will increase Dominion’s renewable generation by more than 150 MW and are expected to cost approximately $157 million, excluding financing costs. Construction activities have started at all three
sites, and these conversions are expected to be complete by the end of 2013. 

 Ÿ 

 Subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, Virginia Power plans to construct Brunswick County, which is expected to generate approximately
1,358 MW when operational. If the project is approved, commercial operations are expected to commence in 2016, at an estimated cost of approximately $1.3 billion, excluding financing costs. A

conditional use permit has been approved to allow for construction of the plant. Brunswick County would offset the expected reduction in capacity caused by the planned retirement of
coal-fired units at Chesapeake and Yorktown by 2015 primarily due to the cost of compliance with MATS. 

 Ÿ 

 Subject to the necessary regulatory approvals, Virginia Power plans to convert Bremo Units 3 and 4 from coal to natural gas. This project would
preserve the 227 MW of capacity from the units and is expected to cost approximately $53 million, excluding financing costs. The conversion process is expected to be complete in 2014 in compliance with the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center air
permit. 

 The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center located in Wise County, Virginia started commercial
operations in July 2012. The summer capacity of this clean coal generating facility is approximately 600 MW. The project cost was approximately $1.8 billion, excluding financing and supplemental costs. 

 In addition to the projects above, Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna.
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on this project. 
 Dominion Generation Operating
Segment—Dominion 
 The generation capacity of Dominion’s merchant fleet totals 7,880 MW, including 3,954 MW of announced planned
facility divestitures and decommissionings. The remaining generation mix is diversified and includes nuclear, gas, and renewables. Merchant generation facilities are located in Connecticut, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and West Virginia with
a majority of that capacity concentrated in New England. 
 Dominion continually reviews its portfolio of assets to determine
which assets fit strategically and support its objectives to improve ROIC and shareholder value. In connection with these efforts, previously Dominion had announced its intention to retire State Line and Salem Harbor. During the second quarter of
2012, Dominion sold State Line, which ceased operations in March 2012, and in August 2012, Dominion completed the sale of Salem Harbor. In the third quarter of 2012, Dominion announced its intention to pursue the sale of its coal-fired merchant
power stations, Brayton Point and Kincaid, and its 50% equity method investment in Elwood. In April 2011, Dominion announced the decision to pursue the sale of Kewaunee. In the fourth quarter of 2012, Dominion announced plans to close and
decommission Kewaunee after the company was unable to find a buyer for the nuclear facility. Kewaunee is expected to cease power production in the second quarter of 2013 and commence decommissioning activities. 

 S OURCES OF E NERGY S UPPLY 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 
 Dominion Generation
uses a variety of fuels to power its electric generation and purchases power for utility system load requirements and to satisfy physical forward sale requirements, as described below. Some of these agreements have fixed commitments and are included
as contractual obligations in Future Cash Payments for Contractual Obligations and Planned Capital Expenditures in Item 7. MD&A.

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Nuclear Fuel —Dominion Generation primarily utilizes long-term contracts to
support its nuclear fuel requirements. Worldwide market conditions are continuously evaluated to ensure a range of supply options at reasonable prices which are dependent on the market environment. Current agreements, inventories and spot market
availability are expected to support current and planned fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is purchased as required to ensure optimal cost and inventory levels. 
 Fossil Fuel —Dominion Generation primarily utilizes coal and natural gas in its fossil fuel plants. 
 Dominion Generation’s coal supply is obtained through long-term contracts and short-term spot agreements from both domestic and international suppliers. 

 Dominion Generation’s natural gas and oil supply is obtained from various sources including: purchases from major and independent
producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, purchases from local producers in the Appalachian area, purchases from gas marketers and withdrawals from underground storage fields owned by Dominion or third parties. 

 Dominion Generation manages a portfolio of natural gas transportation contracts (capacity) that allows flexibility in delivering natural
gas to its gas turbine fleet, while minimizing costs. 
 Purchased Power —Dominion Generation purchases electricity
from the PJM spot market and through power purchase agreements with other suppliers to provide for utility system load requirements. 
 Dominion Generation also occasionally purchases electricity from the PJM, ISO-NE and MISO spot markets to satisfy physical forward sale requirements as part of its merchant generation operations.
 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Virginia Power 
 Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s actual system output by energy source: 

 Source 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Nuclear (1) 

 33 

 % 

 28 

 % 

 28 

 % 

 Purchased power, net 

 27 

 33 

 29 

 Coal (2) 

 22 

 26 

 31 

 Natural gas 

 17 

 12 

 10 

 Other (3) 

 1 

 1 

 2 

 Total 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 (1) 

 Excludes ODEC’s 11.6% ownership interest in North Anna. 

 (2) 

 Excludes ODEC’s 50.0% ownership interest in the Clover power station. The average cost of coal for 2012 Virginia in-system generation was $33.00 per MWh.

 (3) 

 Includes oil, hydro and biomass. 

 S EASONALITY 
 Sales of
electricity for Dominion Generation typically vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. Generally, the demand for
electricity peaks during the summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs. An increase in heating degree days does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, due to seasonal pricing differentials at
Virginia Power and because alternative heating sources are more readily available.

 N UCLEAR D ECOMMISSIONING 

 In June 2011, the NRC amended its regulations to improve decommissioning planning. As applied to the operators of nuclear power plants, these
amendments require licensees to conduct operations in a manner minimizing introduction of residual radioactivity into the site, perform additional surveys, and maintain records of their results. In addition, the amendments make minor
changes to financial assurance methods and require additional information on decommissioning and spent fuel management costs after a plant permanently ceases operations. The revised regulations became effective in December 2012 and did not
significantly affect the decommissioning cost estimates or funding for Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s units. 
 Dominion Generation
Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power 
 Virginia Power has a total of four licensed, operating nuclear reactors at Surry and
North Anna in Virginia. 
 Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear
power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. Amounts collected from ratepayers and placed into trusts have been invested to fund the expected future costs of decommissioning the Surry and North Anna
units. 
 Virginia Power believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units
will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects the
long-term investment horizon, since the units will not be decommissioned for decades, and a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns. Virginia Power will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum
financial assurance requirement, which may include the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial guarantees recognized by the NRC. 
 The estimated cost to decommission Virginia Power’s four nuclear units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in 2009. These cost studies are
generally completed every four years. The current cost estimates assume decommissioning activities will begin shortly after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating licenses expire. Virginia Power expects to decommission the
Surry and North Anna units during the period 2032 to 2067. 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion 

 In addition to the four nuclear units discussed above, Dominion has three licensed, operating nuclear reactors, two at Millstone in Connecticut and one at
Kewaunee in Wisconsin. A third Millstone unit ceased operations before Dominion acquired the power station. In October 2012, Dominion announced that it plans to cease operations at Kewaunee in 2013 and commence decommissioning activities using the
SAFSTOR methodology. The planned decommissioning completion date is 2073, which is within the NRC allowed 60 year window. 
 As
part of Dominion’s acquisition of both Millstone and Kewaunee, it acquired decommissioning funds for the related units. Any funds remaining in Kewaunee’s trust after
decom- 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

missioning is completed are required to be refunded to Wisconsin ratepayers. Dominion believes that the amounts currently available in the decommissioning trusts and their expected earnings will
be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone and Kewaunee units. Dominion will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC financial assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of parent
company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial guarantees recognized by the NRC. The estimated cost to decommission Dominion’s eight units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in
2009, with the exception of Kewaunee for which a site-specific study was initiated in 2012 and subsequently finalized in early 2013. For the Millstone operating units, the current cost estimate assumes decommissioning activities will begin shortly
after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating licenses expire. Millstone Unit 1 is in SAFSTOR decommissioning status and will continue to be monitored until full decommissioning activities begin for the remaining Millstone
operating units. Dominion expects to start minor decommissioning activities at Millstone Unit 2 in 2035, with full decommissioning of Millstone Units 1, 2 and 3 following the permanent cessation of operations of Millstone Unit 3 during the period
2045 to 2069. 
 The estimated decommissioning costs and license expiration dates for the nuclear units owned by Dominion and
Virginia Power are shown in the following table: 

 NRC 

 license 
 expiration 

 year 

 Most 

 recent 
 cost 

 estimate 
 (2012 

 dollars) (1) 

 Funds in 

 trusts at 
 December 31, 

 2012 

 2012 

 contributions 
 to trusts 

 (dollars in millions) 

 Surry 

 Unit 1 

 2032 

 $ 

 496 

 $ 

 429 

 $ 

 0.6 

 Unit 2 

 2033 

 520 

 422 

 0.6 

 North Anna 

 Unit 1 (2) 

 2038 

 432 

 342 

 0.4 

 Unit
2 (2) 

 2040 

 443 

 322 

 0.3 

 Total (Virginia Power) 

 1,891 

 1,515 

 1.9 

 Millstone 

 Unit 1 (3) 

 n/a 

 455 

 356 

 — 

 Unit 2 

 2035 

 568 

 444 

 — 

 Unit 3 (4) 

 2045 

 671 

 437 

 — 

 Kewaunee 

 — 

 Unit 1 

 2033 

 666 

 578 

 — 

 Total (Dominion) 

 $ 

 4,251 

 $ 

 3,330 

 $ 

 1.9 

 (1) 

 The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on the Companies’ contracts with the DOE
for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions reflected in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning AROs. 

 (2) 

 North Anna is jointly owned by Virginia Power (88.4%) and ODEC (11.6%). However, Virginia Power is responsible for 89.26% of the decommissioning obligation. Amounts
reflect 89.26% of the decommissioning cost for both of North Anna’s units. 

 (3) 

 Unit 1 permanently ceased operations in 1998, before Dominion’s acquisition of Millstone. 

 (4) 

 Millstone Unit 3 is jointly owned by Dominion Nuclear Connecticut, with a 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric
Company and Green Mountain Power Corporation. Decommissioning cost is shown at Dominion’s ownership percentage. At December 31, 2012, the minority owners held approximately $28 million of trust funds related to Millstone Unit 3 that are not
reflected in the table above. 

 Also see Note 14 and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
information about AROs and nuclear decommissioning, respectively. 
 Dominion Energy 
 Dominion Energy includes Dominion’s regulated natural gas distribution companies, regulated gas transmission pipeline and storage operations, natural gas gathering and by-products extraction
activities, regulated LNG operations and its investment in the Blue Racer joint venture. Dominion Energy also includes producer services, which aggregates natural gas supply, engages in natural gas trading and marketing activities and natural gas
supply management and provides price risk management services to Dominion affiliates. 
 The gas transmission pipeline and
storage business serves gas distribution businesses and other customers in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest. Included in Dominion’s gas transmission pipeline and storage business is its gas gathering and extraction activity, which sells
extracted products at market rates. Dominion’s LNG operations involve the import and storage of LNG at Cove Point and the transportation of regasified LNG to the interstate pipeline grid and mid-Atlantic and Northeast markets. In connection
with the recent increase in Eastern U.S. natural gas production, including from the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations, Dominion has requested regulatory authority to operate Cove Point as a bi-directional facility, able to import LNG, and
vaporize it as natural gas, and liquefy natural gas and export it as LNG. See Future Issues and Other Matters in MD&A for more information. The Blue Racer joint venture will concentrate on building new gathering, processing, fractionation
and NGL transportation assets as the development of the Utica Shale formation increases. Dominion will contribute to the joint venture a network of wet gas gathering assets, the Natrium extraction plant and other assets. 

 Revenue provided by Dominion’s regulated gas transmission and storage and LNG operations is based primarily on rates established by
FERC. Additionally, Dominion receives revenue from firm fee-based contractual arrangements, including negotiated rates, for certain gas transportation, gas storage, LNG storage and regasification services. Dominion’s gas distribution operations
serve residential, commercial and industrial gas sales, transportation and gathering service customers. Revenue provided by its gas distribution operations is based primarily on rates established by the Ohio and West Virginia Commissions. The
profitability of these businesses is dependent on Dominion’s ability, through the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on its capital investments. Variability in earnings results from operating and
maintenance expenditures, as well as changes in rates and the demand for services, which are dependent on weather, changes in commodity prices and the economy. 
 In October 2008, East Ohio implemented a rate case settlement which provided for a straight-fixed-variable rate design for a majority of its customers. Under this rate design, East Ohio recovers a larger
portion of its fixed operating costs through a flat monthly charge accompanied by a reduced volumetric base delivery rate. Accordingly, East Ohio’s revenue is less impacted by weather-related fluctuations in natural gas consumption than under
the traditional rate design. 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 Earnings from Dominion Energy’s producer services business are unregulated, and are
subject to variability associated with changes in commodity prices. Producer services uses physical and financial arrangements to hedge this price risk. 
 C OMPETITION 
 Dominion Energy’s gas transmission operations compete with
domestic and Canadian pipeline companies. Dominion also competes with gas marketers seeking to provide or arrange transportation, storage and other services. Alternative energy sources, such as oil or coal, provide another level of competition.
Although competition is based primarily on price, the array of services that can be provided to customers is also an important factor. The combination of capacity rights held on certain long-line pipelines, a large storage capability and the
availability of numerous receipt and delivery points along its own pipeline system enable Dominion to tailor its services to meet the needs of individual customers. 
 Retail competition for gas supply exists to varying degrees in the two states in which Dominion’s gas distribution subsidiaries operate. In Ohio, there has been no legislation enacted to require
supplier choice for residential natural gas consumers. However, Dominion has offered an Energy Choice program to residential and commercial customers since October 2000. In January 2013, the Ohio Commission granted East Ohio’s motion to fully
exit the merchant function for its nonresidential customers, beginning in April 2013, which will require those customers to choose a retail supplier or be assigned to one at a monthly variable rate set by the supplier. At December 31, 2012,
approximately 1 million of Dominion’s 1.2 million Ohio customers were participating in this Energy Choice Program. West Virginia does not require customers to choose their provider in its retail natural gas markets at this time. See
 Regulation-State Regulations-Gas for additional information. 
 R EGULATION 

 Dominion Energy’s natural gas transmission pipeline, storage and LNG operations are regulated primarily by FERC. Dominion Energy’s gas
distribution service, including the rates that it may charge customers, is regulated by the Ohio and West Virginia Commissions. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in Regulation for more information. 

 P ROPERTIES 
 Dominion
Energy’s gas distribution network is located in the states of Ohio and West Virginia. This network involves approximately 21,800 miles of pipe, exclusive of service lines of two inches in diameter or less. The rights-of-way grants for many
natural gas pipelines have been obtained from the actual owners of real estate, as underlying titles have been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many
natural gas pipelines are on publicly-owned property, where company rights and actions are determined on a case-by-case basis, with results that range from reimbursed relocation to revocation of permission to operate. 

 Dominion Energy has approximately 11,000 miles of gas transmission, gathering and storage pipelines located in the states of Maryland, New
York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. Dominion Energy operates gas processing and fractionation facilities in West Virginia with a total processing capacity of

267,000 mcf per day and fractionation capacity of 582,000 gallons per day. Dominion Energy also operates 20 underground gas storage fields located in New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West
Virginia, with almost 2,000 storage wells and approximately 349,000 acres of operated leaseholds. 
 The total designed capacity
of the underground storage fields operated by Dominion Energy is approximately 947 bcf. Certain storage fields are jointly-owned and operated by Dominion Energy. The capacity of those fields owned by Dominion’s partners totals about 242 bcf.
Dominion Energy also has about 15 bcf of above-ground storage capacity at Cove Point. Dominion Energy has 133 compressor stations with more than 832,000 installed compressor horsepower. 

 In 2012, DTI completed the Gathering Enhancement Project, a $200 million expansion of its natural gas gathering, processing and liquids
facilities in West Virginia. The project is designed to increase the efficiency and reduce high pressures in its gathering system, thus increasing the amount of natural gas local producers can move through DTI’s West Virginia system.
 
 In September 2012, DTI completed the $575 million Appalachian Gateway Project. The project provides approximately 484,000
dekatherms per day of firm transportation services for new Appalachian gas supplies in West Virginia and southwestern Pennsylvania to an interconnection with Texas Eastern Transmission, LP at Oakford, Pennsylvania. 

 In November 2012, DTI completed the $97 million Northeast Expansion Project. The project provides approximately 200,000 dekatherms per day
of firm transportation services for CONSOL’s Marcellus Shale natural gas production from various receipt points in central and southwestern Pennsylvania to a nexus of market pipelines and storage facilities in Leidy, Pennsylvania. 

 In November 2012, DTI completed the $46 million Ellisburg-to-Craigs project. The project’s capacity of approximately 150,000
dekatherms per day is leased by TGP to move Marcellus Shale natural gas supplies from TGP’s 300 Line pipeline system in northern Pennsylvania to its 200 Line pipeline system in upstate New York. 

 In November 2011, DTI filed a FERC application for approval to construct the $17 million Sabinsville-to-Morrisville project, a pipeline to
move additional Marcellus supplies from a TGP pipeline in northeast Pennsylvania to its line in upstate New York. DTI executed a binding precedent agreement with TGP in October 2010 to provide this firm transportation service up to 92,000 dekatherms
per day for a 14-year term. Construction is expected to commence in April 2013 with an expected in service date of November 2013. 
 In December 2012, DTI received FERC authorization for the Allegheny Storage Project, which is expected to provide approximately 7.5 bcf of incremental storage service and 125,000 dekatherms per day of
associated year-round firm transportation service to three local distribution companies under 15-year contracts. Storage capacity for the project will be provided from storage pool enhancements at DTI and capacity leased from East Ohio. DTI intends
to construct additional compression facilities and upgrade measurement and regulation in order to provide 115,000 dekatherms per day of transportation service. The remaining 10,000 dekatherms per day of transportation service will not require
construction of additional facilities. The $112 million project is expected to be in service in 2014. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 In February 2011, DTI concluded a binding open season for its $67 million Tioga Area
Expansion Project, which is designed to provide approximately 270,000 dekatherms per day of firm transportation service from supply interconnects in Tioga and Potter Counties in Pennsylvania to DTI’s Crayne interconnect with Texas Eastern
Transmission, LP in Greene County, Pennsylvania and the Leidy interconnect with Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company in Clinton County, Pennsylvania. Two customers have contracted for the service under 15-year terms. DTI filed a certificate
application with FERC in November 2011. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals, the project is anticipated to be in service in November 2013. 
 In January 2011, Dominion announced the development of a natural gas processing and fractionation facility in Natrium, West Virginia, and in July 2011 it executed a contract for the construction of the
first phase of the facility. This first phase of the project is fully contracted and is expected to be in service by March 2013. Once completed, the plant and related facilities are expected to be contributed into the Blue Racer joint venture.
The Phase 1 costs for processing, fractionation, plant inlet and outlet natural gas transportation, gathering, and various modes of NGL transportation are approximately $550 million. 

 In May 2012, Dominion began construction of a $125 million pipeline project, which is included in the Natrium cost estimate above. The
pipeline is designed to transport approximately 27,000 barrels per day of ethane from the Natrium facility to an interconnect with the ATEX line of Enterprise near Follansbee, West Virginia. Dominion NGL Pipelines, LLC, a subsidiary of Dominion,
owns the 58-mile pipeline and associated equipment. Following the installation of the pipeline and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, Dominion NGL Pipelines, LLC is also expected to be contributed to Blue Racer. The facilities are
anticipated to be available the later of January 1, 2014 or the date Enterprise commences operation of the ATEX line. Transportation services on the pipeline will be subject to FERC regulation under the Interstate Commerce Act. 

 In November 2012, DTI filed a FERC application for approval to construct the $42 million Natrium to Market project. The project is
designed to provide 185,000 dekatherms per day of firm transportation from an interconnect between DTI and the Natrium facility to DTI’s interconnect with Texas Eastern Transmission, LP in Greene County Pennsylvania. Four customers have entered
into binding precedent agreements for the full project capacity under 8-year and 13-year terms. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals, the project is anticipated to be in service in November 2014. 

 In 2008, East Ohio began PIR, aimed at replacing approximately 20% of its pipeline system. The $2.7 billion, 25-year program is ongoing.
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about PIR. 
 S OURCES OF 
E NERGY S UPPLY 
 Dominion Energy’s natural gas supply is obtained from various sources including purchases
from major and independent producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, local producers in the Appalachian area and gas marketers. Dominion’s large underground natural gas storage network and the location of its pipeline system are a
significant link between the country’s major interstate gas pipelines and large markets in the Northeast

and mid-Atlantic regions. Dominion’s pipelines are part of an interconnected gas transmission system, which provides access to supplies nationwide for local distribution companies,
marketers, power generators and industrial and commercial customers. 
 Dominion’s underground storage facilities play an
important part in balancing gas supply with consumer demand and are essential to serving the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. In addition, storage capacity is an important element in the effective management of both gas supply and
pipeline transmission capacity. 
 S EASONALITY 
 Dominion Energy’s natural gas distribution business earnings vary seasonally, as a result of the impact of changes in temperature on demand by residential and commercial customers for gas to meet
heating needs. Historically, the majority of these earnings have been generated during the heating season, which is generally from November to March; however implementation of the straight-fixed-variable rate design at East Ohio has reduced the
earnings impact of weather-related fluctuations. Demand for services at Dominion’s pipeline and storage business can also be weather sensitive. Commodity prices can be impacted by seasonal weather changes, the effects of unusual weather events
on operations and the economy. Dominion’s producer services business is affected by seasonal changes in the prices of commodities that it transports, stores and actively markets and trades. 

 Corporate and Other 
 Corporate and Other
Segment—Virginia Power 
 Virginia Power’s Corporate and Other segment primarily includes certain specific items attributable to
its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 
 Corporate and Other Segment—Dominion 
 Dominion’s Corporate and Other segment
includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations that are expected to be and are currently discontinued, which is discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating
resources among the segments. 

 E NVIRONMENTAL S TRATEGY 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are committed to being good environmental stewards. Their ongoing objective is to provide reliable, affordable energy for their customers while being environmentally
responsible. The integrated strategy to meet this objective consists of five major elements: 

 Ÿ 

 Compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules; 

 Ÿ 

 Conservation and load management; 

 Ÿ 

 Renewable generation development; 

 Ÿ 

 Other generation development to maintain fuel diversity, including clean coal, advanced nuclear energy, and natural gas; and

 Ÿ 

 Improvements in other energy infrastructure.

 13 

 Table of Contents 

 This strategy incorporates Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s efforts to voluntarily
reduce GHG emissions, which are described below. See Dominion Generation—Properties for more information on certain of the projects described below, as well as other projects under current development. In addition to the environmental
strategy described above, Dominion formed the AES department in April 2009 to conduct research in the renewable and alternative energy technologies sector and to support strategic investments to advance Dominion’s degree of understanding of
such technologies. 
 Environmental Compliance 
 Dominion and Virginia Power remain committed to compliance with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules related to their operations. Additional information related to Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s environmental compliance matters can be found in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A and in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Conservation and Load Management 
 Conservation plays a significant role in meeting the growing demand
for electricity. The Regulation Act provides incentives for energy conservation and sets a voluntary goal for Virginia to reduce electricity consumption by retail customers in 2022 by ten percent of the amount consumed in 2006 through the
implementation of conservation programs. Legislation in 2009 added definitions of peak-shaving and energy efficiency programs, and allowed for a margin on operating expenses and revenue reductions related to energy efficiency programs. 

 Virginia Power’s DSM programs provide important incremental steps toward achieving the voluntary ten percent energy conservation
goal. The conservation and load management plan includes the following DSM programs, which were approved by the Virginia Commission in March 2010 and rolled out in May 2010: 

 Ÿ 

 Residential Lighting Program—an instant, in-store discount on the purchase of qualifying compact fluorescent lights; this program ended in
Virginia on December 31, 2011; 

 Ÿ 

 Residential Low Income Program—free energy audit for income-qualifying customers, which identifies, installs improvements and suggests additional
implementation measures that will help these customers save money on energy bills; 

 Ÿ 

 Residential Air Conditioner Cycling Program—incentives for residential customers who allow Virginia Power to cycle their central air conditioners
and heat pump systems during peak periods; 

 Ÿ 

 Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning Upgrade Program—incentives for commercial customers to improve the energy efficiency of their
heating and/or cooling units; and 

 Ÿ 

 Commercial Lighting Program—incentives for commercial customers to install energy-efficient lighting. 

 In September 2011, Virginia Power filed an application for approval of several DSM programs and for additional funding for the approved
Commercial Lighting and Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning Upgrade programs, in addition to requesting annual recovery of DSM program costs. In April 2012, the Virginia Commission approved the following programs: 

 Ÿ 

 Commercial Energy Audit Program—an on-site energy audit providing commercial customers information to evaluate potential energy cost savings
options; 

 Ÿ 

 Commercial Duct Testing & Sealing—an incentive for commercial customers to seal duct and air distribution systems to improve system
efficiency; 

 Ÿ 

 Commercial Distributed Generation—a program for customers to operate their on-site back-up generators when requested by Virginia Power during
periods of peak demand; and 

 Ÿ 

 Residential Bundle Program—a bundle of four residential programs to be available to qualifying residential customers, including the Residential
Home Energy Check-up Program, Residential Duct Testing & Sealing Program, Residential Heat Pump Tune-Up Program and Residential Heat Pump Upgrade Program. 

 The Virginia Commission denied additional funding for the Commercial Lighting and Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning
Upgrade programs. As a result, Virginia Power began winding down these programs in the second quarter of 2012. These two programs are no longer available in Virginia. 
 In August 2012, Virginia Power filed an application for approval to extend two residential DSM programs (the Air Conditioner Cycling program and the Low Income program) beyond April 30, 2013 for periods
of five years and two years, respectively. Virginia Power also filed for approval of updated rate adjustment clauses for DSM program cost recovery, and for Electric Vehicle Pilot Program cost recovery. This case is pending. 

 In September 2010, Virginia Power filed with the North Carolina Commission an application for approval and its initial request for cost
recovery of the five DSM programs initially approved in Virginia in 2010, as well as the distributed generation program. In February 2011, the North Carolina Commission approved the five DSM programs approved in Virginia, and Virginia Power
subsequently launched the residential lighting program in May 2011 and the remainder of the approved Virginia DSM programs in June 2011. The Residential Lighting Program ended in North Carolina on December 31, 2011. In a separate order issued in
September of 2011, the North Carolina Commission denied approval of Virginia Power’s proposed distributed generation program. 
 In August 2011, Virginia Power filed with the North Carolina Commission an application for approval and its updated request for cost recovery of the five DSM programs approved in North Carolina, as well
as the then-pending distributed generation program. In December 2011, the North Carolina Commission approved updated cost recovery for the five DSM programs, as Virginia Power withdrew its cost recovery request for the distributed generation
program. In a separate order issued in August 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved Virginia Power’s request to suspend the Commercial Lighting and Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning Upgrade programs which had been
wound down and closed in Virginia. 
 In August 2012, Virginia Power filed with the North Carolina Commission an application for
approval and its updated request for cost recovery for the five DSM programs approved in North Carolina, as well as cost recovery for projected costs of Commercial Lighting and Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning Upgrade programs on
a North Carolina-only basis. In December 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved updated cost recovery for the five DSM programs, and requested an additional filing on whether the Commercial Lighting and the

 14 

 Table of Contents 

Commercial Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning Upgrade programs will be offered on a North Carolina-only basis. Virginia Power made this additional filing in February 2013. 

 Virginia Power continues to evaluate opportunities to redesign current DSM programs and develop new DSM initiatives in Virginia and North
Carolina. 
 Virginia Power is currently evaluating the effectiveness and benefits of installing AMI meters on homes and
businesses throughout Virginia. The AMI meter demonstrations test the effectiveness of AMI meters in achieving voltage conservation, remotely turning off and on electric service, power outage and restoration detection and reporting, remote daily
meter readings and offering dynamic rates. The AMI meter demonstrations are an on-going project that will help Virginia Power to further evaluate the technology and verify the potential impacts to its system. 

 Renewable Generation 
 Renewable energy is also an
important component of a diverse and reliable energy mix. Both Virginia and North Carolina have passed legislation setting targets for renewable power. Virginia Power is committed to meeting Virginia’s goals of 12% of base year electric energy
sales from renewable power sources by 2022, and 15% by 2025, and North Carolina’s RPS of 12.5% by 2021. In May 2010, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s participation in the state’s RPS program. As a participant,
Virginia Power is permitted to seek recovery, through rate adjustment clauses, of the costs of programs designed to meet RPS goals. Virginia Power plans to meet the respective RPS targets in Virginia and North Carolina by utilizing existing
renewable facilities, as well as through additional renewable generation. In addition, Virginia Power intends to purchase renewable energy certificates, as permitted by each RPS program, to help meet any remaining annual requirement needs, as well
as to fund renewable energy research and development initiatives at Virginia institutions of higher education. Virginia Power continues to explore opportunities to develop new renewable facilities within its service territory, the energy attributes
of which would potentially qualify for inclusion in the RPS programs. Virginia Power is converting three coal-fired Virginia generating power stations to biomass, which will increase Dominion’s renewable generation by more than 150 MW. The
conversions are expected to be completed by the end of 2013. In November 2012, the Virginia Commission approved a voluntary demonstration program for Company-owned solar distributed generation facilities, to be located at selected commercial,
industrial and community locations throughout its Virginia service territory. 
 Dominion has invested in wind energy through two
joint ventures. Dominion is a 50% owner with Shell of NedPower. Dominion’s share of this project produces 132 MW of renewable energy. Dominion is also a 50% owner with BP of the first phase of Fowler Ridge, which has a generating capacity of
300 MW. Dominion has a long-term agreement with Fowler Ridge to purchase 200 MW of energy, capacity and environmental attributes from this first phase. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Other Generation
Development 
 Virginia Power has announced a comprehensive generation growth program, referred to as Powering Virginia , which
involves the development, financing, construction and operation of new

multi-fuel, multi-technology generation capacity to meet the anticipated growth in demand in its core market of Virginia. Virginia Power expects that these investments collectively will provide
the following benefits: expanded electricity production capability, increased technological and fuel diversity and a reduction in the CO 2 emission intensity of its generation fleet. 
 Improvements in Other Energy Infrastructure 
 Virginia Power’s five-year investment plan includes
significant capital expenditures to upgrade or add new transmission and distribution lines, substations and other facilities to meet growing electricity demand within its service territory and maintain reliability. These enhancements are primarily
aimed at meeting Virginia Power’s continued goal of providing reliable service, and are intended to address both continued population growth and increases in electricity consumption by the typical consumer. An additional benefit will be added
capacity to efficiently deliver electricity from the renewable projects now being developed or to be developed in the future. 

 Virginia Power is taking measures to ensure that its electrical infrastructure can support the expected demand from electric vehicles,
which have significantly lower carbon intensity than conventional vehicles. Virginia Power has partnered with Ford Motor Company to help prepare Virginia for the operation of electric vehicles, in a collaboration that involves consumer outreach,
educational programs and the exchange of information on vehicle charging requirements. In July 2011, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s application to establish an Electric Vehicle Pilot Program, including two experimental and
voluntary electric vehicle rate options. 
 Dominion, in connection with its five-year growth plan, is also pursuing the
construction or upgrade of regulated infrastructure in its natural gas business. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power’s Strategy for Voluntarily Reducing
GHG Emissions 
 While Dominion and Virginia Power have not established a standalone GHG emissions reduction target or timetable, they are
actively engaged in voluntary reduction efforts, as well as working toward achieving required RPS standards established by existing state regulations, as set forth above. The Companies have an integrated voluntary strategy for reducing overall GHG
emission intensity that is based on maintaining a diverse fuel mix, including nuclear, coal, gas, oil, hydro and renewable energy, investing in renewable energy projects and promoting energy conservation and efficiency efforts. Below are some of the
Companies’ efforts that have or are expected to reduce the Companies’ overall carbon emissions or intensity: 

 Ÿ 

 Since 2000, Dominion has added approximately 3,300 MW of non-emitting generation and over 5,000 MW of lower-emitting natural gas-fired generation,
including over 3,000 MW at Virginia Power, to its generation mix. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power added 83 MW of renewable biomass and is converting three coal-fired power stations to biomass, which is anticipated to be considered
carbon neutral by regulatory agencies. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has requested approval from the Virginia Commission to convert Bremo Units 3 and 4 from coal to natural gas.

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 Ÿ 

 Dominion has over 800 MW of wind energy in operation or development. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power is constructing the natural gas-fired Warren County power station. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has filed an application with the Virginia Commission for approval to construct an additional combined-cycle natural gas-fired power
station and related transmission interconnection facilities in Brunswick County. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has stated that coal-fired units at Chesapeake and Yorktown are planned to be retired by 2015. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has received an Early Site Permit from the NRC for the possible addition of approximately 1,500 MW of nuclear generation in Virginia.
Virginia Power has not yet committed to building a new nuclear unit. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has developed and implemented the DSM programs described above. 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power has initiated a demonstration of smart grid technologies as described above. 

 Ÿ 

 In October 2011, Virginia Power announced plans to develop a community solar power program. 

 Ÿ 

 In 2012, Dominion sold Salem Harbor and State Line, two coal-and fuel oil-fired facilities. 

 Ÿ 

 In the third quarter of 2012, Dominion announced its intention to pursue the sale of its coal-fired merchant power stations, Brayton Point and Kincaid.

 Ÿ 

 In December 2012, Dominion announced its plans to develop a 15 MW fuel cell power generating facility in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

 While Virginia Power’s new Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, which started
commercial operations in July 2012, is a new source of GHG emissions, Virginia Power has taken steps to minimize the impact on the environment. The new plant is expected to use at least 10% biomass for fuel and is designed to be carbon-capture
compatible, meaning that technology to capture CO 2 can be
added to the station if or when it becomes commercially available. It is currently estimated that the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center will have the potential to emit about 4.8 million metric tonnes of direct CO 2 emissions in a year assuming a 100% capacity factor and 100% coal-fired
operation. Actual emissions will depend on the capacity factor of the facility and the extent to which biomass is burned. 
 Dominion also developed a comprehensive GHG inventory for calendar year 2011. For Dominion Generation, Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s direct CO 2 equivalent emissions, based on equity share (ownership), were
approximately 42.1 million metric tonnes and 25.9 million metric tonnes, respectively, in 2011. The decrease in emissions from 2010 to 2011 is proportional to a decrease in generated MW, due mainly to lower demand and milder weather in
2011. For the DVP operating segment’s electric transmission and distribution operations, direct CO 2 equivalent emissions for 2011 stayed the same as in 2010 at 0.2 million metric tonnes. For 2011, DTI’s (including Cove Point) direct CO 2 equivalent emissions were approximately 1.2 million metric tonnes and East Ohio’s direct CO 2 equivalent emissions were approximately 1.1 million metric tonnes.
The emissions appear to have decreased significantly compared to previous year’s inventories. These differences may not be comparable, however, due to a change in calculation methodologies required under the

EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98. Dominion’s GHG inventory now follows all methodologies specified in the EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part
98 for calculating emissions. 
 Since 2000, the Companies have tracked the emissions of their electric
generation fleet. Their electric generation fleet employs a mix of fuel and renewable energy sources. Comparing annual year 2000 to annual year 2011, Dominion and Virginia Power’s electric generating fleet (based on ownership percentage)
reduced their average CO 2 emissions rate per MWh of energy
produced from electric generation by about 29% and 18%, respectively. During such time period, the capacity of Dominion and Virginia Power’s electric generation fleet has grown. The Companies do not yet have final 2012 emissions data.
 
 Alternative Energy Initiatives 
 The AES
department conducts research in the renewable and alternative energy technologies sector and supports strategic investments to advance Dominion’s degree of understanding of such technologies. AES participates in federal and state policy
development on alternative energy and identifies potential alternative energy resource and technology opportunities for Dominion’s business units. For example, in December 2012, Virginia Power was selected by the DOE to begin negotiations
for initial engineering, design and permitting work for a wind turbine demonstration facility approximately 24 miles off the coast of Virginia. The proposed 12 MW grid-connected facility would generate power via two turbines mounted on
foundations driven into the ocean floor. In March 2011, Dominion issued a report evaluating high-voltage underwater transmission lines from Virginia Beach into the ocean to support multiple offshore wind farms; the first of many steps with the goal
being the development of a transmission line making offshore wind resources available to its customers. A 2010 Dominion study of its existing transmission system in eastern Virginia showed that it is possible to interconnect large scale wind
facilities up to an installed capability of 4,500 MW. 
 In 2012, Dominion continued to enhance and refine
its EDGE ® grid-side efficiency product suite. EDGE ® is a modular and adaptive conservation voltage management solution enabling utilities to deploy incremental grid-side energy management that requires no behavioral
changes or purchases by end customers. In February 2013, Dominion was awarded a patent relating to the EDGE ® 
technology. 

 R EGULATION 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to regulation by the
Virginia Commission, North Carolina Commission, SEC, FERC, EPA, DOE, NRC, Army Corps of Engineers and other federal, state and local authorities.

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 State Regulations 
 E LECTRIC 
 Virginia Power’s electric utility retail service is subject
to regulation by the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission. 
 Virginia Power holds certificates of public
convenience and necessity which authorize it to maintain and operate its electric facilities now in operation and to sell electricity to customers. However, Virginia Power may not construct generating facilities or large capacity transmission lines
without the prior approval of various state and federal government agencies. In addition, the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission regulate Virginia Power’s transactions with affiliates, transfers of certain facilities and the
issuance of certain securities. 
 Electric Regulation in Virginia 
 The enactment of the Regulation Act in 2007 significantly changed electric service regulation in Virginia by instituting a modified cost-of-service rate model. With respect to most classes of customers,
the Regulation Act ended Virginia’s planned transition to retail competition for its electric supply service. Base rates are set by a process that allows Virginia Power to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. The Virginia Commission reviews
Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services on a biennial basis in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined
two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. If, as a result of the earnings test review, the Virginia Commission determines that Virginia
Power’s historic earnings for the two-year test period are more than 50 basis points above the authorized level, 60% or 100% of earnings above this level must be shared with customers through a refund process.
Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, the Virginia Commission may also order a base rate increase or reduction during the biennial review. Circumstances where the Virginia Commission may order a base rate decrease
include a determination by the Virginia Commission that Virginia Power has exceeded its authorized level of earnings by more than 50 basis points for two consecutive biennial review periods. Virginia Power’s authorized ROE can be set
no lower than the average, for a three-year historic period, of the actual returns reported to the SEC by not less than a majority of comparable utilities within the Southeastern U.S., with certain limitations as described in the
Regulation Act. Virginia Power’s ROE may be increased or decreased by up to 100 basis points based on operating performance criteria, or alternatively, will be increased by 50 basis points for compliance with Virginia’s RPS.
 
 In addition, the Regulation Act authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for recovery of costs for new generation
facilities or major unit modifications of existing facilities, FERC-approved transmission costs, environmental compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs and renewable energy programs. It provides for enhanced returns on capital
expenditures relating to the construction or major modification of facilities that are nuclear-powered, clean coal/carbon capture compatible-powered, or renewable-powered, as well as conventional coal and combined-cycle
combustion turbine facilities.

Costs of fuel used for the generation of electricity, along with costs of purchased power, are recovered from customers through an annually approved fuel rider, as provided
under a separate section of the Virginia Code. Decisions of the Virginia Commission may be appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia. 
 If the Virginia Commission’s future rate decisions, including actions relating to Virginia Power’s rate adjustment clause filings, differ materially from Virginia Power’s expectations, it
could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 See Future Issues and Other
Matters in Item 7. MD&A for changes to the Regulation Act enacted in 2013. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 
 Electric Regulation in North Carolina 
 Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the North
Carolina Commission. North Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows Virginia Power to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the North Carolina Commission,
retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery of costs
incurred in providing service on a timely basis, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. Fuel rates are subject to revision under annual fuel cost adjustment proceedings. 

 Virginia Power’s transmission service rates in North Carolina are regulated by the North Carolina Commission as part of Virginia
Power’s bundled retail service to North Carolina customers. 
 In March 2012, Virginia Power filed an application with the North Carolina
Commission to increase base non-fuel revenues with January 1, 2013 as the proposed effective date for the permanent rate revision. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 G AS 
 Dominion’s gas
distribution services are regulated by the Ohio Commission and the West Virginia Commission. 
 Status of Competitive Retail Gas Services
 
 Both of the states in which Dominion has gas distribution operations have considered legislation regarding a competitive deregulation of
natural gas sales at the retail level. 
 Ohio —Since October 2000, East Ohio has offered the Energy Choice program,
under which residential and commercial customers are encouraged to purchase gas directly from retail suppliers or through a community aggregation program. In October 2006, East Ohio restructured its commodity service by entering into gas purchase
contracts with selected suppliers at a fixed price above the NYMEX month-end settlement and passing that gas cost to customers under the Standard Service Offer program. Starting in April 2009, East Ohio buys natural gas under the Standard Service
Offer program only for customers not eligible to participate in the Energy Choice program and places

 17 

 Table of Contents 

Energy Choice-eligible customers in a direct retail relationship with selected suppliers, which is designated on the customers’ bills. 

 In January 2013, the Ohio Commission granted East Ohio’s motion to fully exit the merchant function for its nonresidential customers,
beginning in April 2013, which will require those customers to choose a retail supplier or be assigned to one at a monthly variable rate set by the supplier. At December 31, 2012, approximately 1.0 million of Dominion’s 1.2 million Ohio
customers were participating in the Energy Choice program. Subject to the Ohio Commission’s approval, East Ohio may eventually exit the gas merchant function in Ohio entirely and have all customers select an alternate gas supplier. East Ohio
continues to be the provider of last resort in the event of default by a supplier. Large industrial customers in Ohio also source their own natural gas supplies. 
 West Virginia —At this time, West Virginia has not enacted legislation to require customers to choose in the retail natural gas markets served by Hope. However, the West Virginia Commission has
issued regulations to govern pooling services, one of the tools that natural gas suppliers may utilize to provide retail customers a choice in the future and has issued rules requiring competitive gas service providers to be licensed in West
Virginia. 
 Rates 
 Dominion’s gas
distribution subsidiaries are subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of their businesses by the states in which they operate—Ohio and West Virginia. When necessary, Dominion’s gas distribution subsidiaries seek general base rate
increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost of service by rate class. A straight-fixed-variable rate design, in which the majority of operating costs are recovered
through a monthly charge rather than a volumetric charge, is utilized to establish rates for a majority of East Ohio’s customers pursuant to a 2008 rate case settlement. Base rates for Hope are designed primarily based on rate design
methodology in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges. In addition to general rate increases, Dominion’s gas distribution subsidiaries make routine separate filings with their respective state
regulatory commissions to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas. The majority of these purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery 

 through a mechanism that ensures dollar for dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are
deferred as regulatory assets. The purchased gas cost recovery filings generally cover prospective one-, three- or twelve-month periods. Approved increases or decreases in gas cost recovery rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with
corresponding increases or decreases in net purchased gas cost expenses. The Ohio Commission has also approved several stand-alone cost recovery mechanisms to recover specified costs and a return for infrastructure projects and certain other costs
that vary widely over time; such costs are excluded from general base rates. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

 Federal Regulations 
 F EDERAL E NERGY R EGULATORY C OMMISSION 

 Electric 
 Under the Federal Power Act, FERC
regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. Virginia Power purchases and sells electricity in the PJM wholesale market and Dominion’s merchant generators sell electricity in the PJM,
MISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets under Dominion’s market-based sales tariffs authorized by FERC. In addition, Virginia Power has FERC approval of a tariff to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of generation. This
cost-based sales tariff could be used to sell to loads within or outside Virginia Power’s service territory. Any such sales would be voluntary. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to FERC’s Standards of Conduct that govern conduct between transmission function employees of interstate gas and electricity transmission providers and the
marketing function employees of their affiliates. The rule defines the scope of transmission and marketing-related functions that are covered by the standards and is designed to prevent transmission providers from giving their affiliates undue
preferences. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are also subject to FERC’s affiliate restrictions that (1) prohibit power
sales between Virginia Power and Dominion’s merchant plants without first receiving FERC authorization, (2) require the merchant plants and Virginia Power to conduct their wholesale power sales operations separately, and (3) prohibit
Virginia Power from sharing market information with merchant plant operating personnel. The rules are designed to prohibit Virginia Power from giving the merchant plants a competitive advantage. 

 EPACT included provisions to create an ERO. The ERO is required to promulgate mandatory reliability standards governing the operation of
the bulk power system in the U.S. FERC has certified NERC as the ERO and also issued an initial order approving many reliability standards that went into effect in 2007. Entities that violate standards will be subject to fines of between $1 thousand
and $1 million per day, and can also be assessed non-monetary penalties, depending upon the nature and severity of the violation. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power plan and operate their facilities in compliance with approved NERC reliability requirements. Dominion and Virginia Power employees participate on various NERC committees, track
the development and implementation of standards, and maintain proper compliance registration with NERC’s regional organizations. Dominion and Virginia Power anticipate incurring additional compliance expenditures over the next several years as
a result of the implementation of new cybersecurity programs as well as efforts to ensure appropriate facility ratings for Virginia Power’s transmission lines. In October 2010, NERC issued an industry alert identifying possible discrepancies
between the design and actual field conditions of transmission facilities as a potential reliability issue. The alert recommends that entities review their current facilities rating methodology to verify that the methodology is based on actual field
conditions, rather than solely on design documents, and to take corrective action if necessary. Virginia Power is evaluating its transmission facilities for any discrepancies between design and

 18 

 Table of Contents 

actual field conditions. In addition, NERC has requested the industry to increase the number of assets subject to NERC reliability standards that are designated as critical assets, including
cybersecurity assets. While Dominion and Virginia Power expect to incur additional compliance costs in connection with the above NERC requirements and initiatives, such expenses are not expected to significantly affect results of operations.
 
 In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations to establish a
forward-looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates on an annual basis and approved an ROE of 11.4%, effective as of January 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for each calendar
year and is updated based on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which is based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power to earn a current return on its growing investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 

 Gas 
 FERC regulates the transportation and sale for
resale of natural gas in interstate commerce under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended. Under the Natural Gas Act, FERC has authority over rates, terms and conditions of services performed by
Dominion’s interstate natural gas company subsidiaries, including DTI and Cove Point. FERC also has jurisdiction over siting, construction and operation of natural gas import facilities and interstate natural gas pipeline facilities.
 
 Dominion’s interstate gas transmission and storage activities are generally conducted on an open access basis, in
accordance with certificates, tariffs and service agreements on file with FERC. 
 Dominion is also subject to the Pipeline
Safety Acts of 2002 and 2011, which mandate inspections of interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission and storage pipelines, particularly those located in areas of high-density population. Dominion has evaluated its natural gas transmission
and storage properties, as required by the Department of Transportation regulations under these Acts, and has implemented a program of identification, testing and potential remediation activities. These activities are ongoing. 

 See Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 
 Environmental Regulations 

 Each of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operating segments faces substantial laws, regulations and compliance costs with respect to
environmental matters. In addition to imposing continuing compliance obligations, these laws and regulations authorize the imposition of substantial penalties for noncompliance, including fines, injunctive relief and other sanctions. The cost of
complying with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules is expected to be material to the Companies. If expenditures for pollution control technologies and associated operating costs are not recoverable from customers through regulated
rates (in regulated jurisdictions) or market prices (in deregulated jurisdictions), those costs could adversely affect future results of operations and cash flows. Dominion and Virginia Power have applied for or obtained the necessary environmental
permits for the operation of their facilities. Many of these permits are subject to reissuance and continuing review. For a discussion of significant aspects of these matters, including current and planned

capital expenditures relating to environmental compliance required to be discussed in this Item, see Environmental Matters in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7.
MD&A, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Additional information can also be found in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 G LOBAL C LIMATE C HANGE 
 The national and international attention in recent years on GHG emissions and their relationship to climate change has resulted in federal, regional and state legislative or regulatory action in this
area. Dominion and Virginia Power support national climate change legislation that would provide a consistent, economy-wide approach to addressing this issue and are currently taking action to protect the environment and address climate change while
meeting the future needs of their growing service territory. Dominion’s CEO and operating segment CEOs are responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations governing environmental matters, including climate change, and Dominion’s
Board of Directors receives periodic updates on these matters. See Environmental Strategy above , Environmental Matters in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for information on climate change legislation and regulation, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Nuclear Regulatory
Commission 
 All aspects of the operation and maintenance of Dominion’s and Virginia Powers’ nuclear power stations are regulated
by the NRC. Operating licenses issued by the NRC are subject to revocation, suspension or modification, and the operation of a nuclear unit may be suspended if the NRC determines that the public interest, health or safety so requires. 

 From time to time, the NRC adopts new requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear facilities. In many cases, these new
regulations require changes in the design, operation and maintenance of existing nuclear facilities. If the NRC adopts such requirements in the future, it could result in substantial increases in the cost of operating and maintaining Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s nuclear generating units. See Nuclear Matters in Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7 MD&A for further information. 
 The NRC also requires Dominion and Virginia Power to decontaminate their nuclear facilities once operations cease. This process is referred to as decommissioning, and the Companies are required by the NRC
to be financially prepared. For information on decommissioning trusts, see Dominion Generation-Nuclear Decommissioning and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information
on spent nuclear fuel. 

 C YBERSECURITY 
 In an
effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber intrusions, the Companies have a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems. In addition, Dominion
and Virginia Power are subject to mandatory cybersecurity regulatory requirements, interface regularly with a wide range of external organizations, and participate in classified briefings to maintain an awareness of current cybersecurity threats and
vulnerabilities. The Companies’ current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts are intended to address the evolving and changing cyber threats.

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond
their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see 
Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 
 Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. Weather conditions directly influence the
demand for electricity and natural gas, and affect the price of energy commodities. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes and winter storms, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require incurring additional
expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be
adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and
extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. 
 The rates of Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation
operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and
generation operations and Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the
rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 
 Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia
Power’s wholesale electric transmission cost of service is estimated and thereafter adjusted to reflect Virginia Power’s actual electric transmission costs incurred. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective
adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

 Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. In addition,
the rates of Dominion’s gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a proceeding that
involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the
Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process, and the Virginia Commission may order a base rate increase or reduction during the biennial review. Additionally, Virginia

Power was required to discontinue deferral accounting for certain existing rate adjustment clauses as of December 1, 2011. As a result, Virginia Power may potentially not fully recover costs
associated with these existing rate adjustment clauses. 
 Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled
generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail
electric earnings exceed the returns established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings.
Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to complex governmental regulation that could
adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. Dominion’s and Virginia
Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. These operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at
the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in
accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either Dominion or Virginia Power is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory
reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in
substantial expense. 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation
business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO
markets . Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and
ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive
wholesale markets depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell
at market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations,
could adversely impact the future results of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s generation business. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power infrastructure build plans often require regulatory approval before construction can
commence. Dominion and Virginia Power may not complete plant construction or expansion projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve
the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. 
 Several plant construction and expansion projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the

 20 

 Table of Contents 

future. Commencing construction on announced plants requires approvals from applicable state and federal agencies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather
conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of their counterparties or vendors,
or other factors beyond their control. Even if plant construction and expansion projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of Dominion and Virginia Power following the
projects may not meet expectations. Additionally, Dominion and Virginia Power may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or
unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the
anticipated benefits from the plant construction and expansion projects. 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s current costs of compliance with environmental laws
are significant. The costs of compliance with future environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address global climate change, air quality, coal combustion by-products, cooling water and other matters could make certain of the
Companies’ generation facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations
are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the
Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of pollution control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible
for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant
in the past, and Dominion and Virginia Power expect that they will remain significant in the future. 
 Existing
environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to Dominion or Virginia Power. The EPA is expected to issue additional regulations with respect to air quality under the CAA, including revised
NAAQS and regulations governing the emissions of GHGs from electric generating units. Risks relating to potential regulation of GHG emissions are discussed below. Dominion and Virginia Power also expect additional federal water and waste
regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures and coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices that are expected to be applicable to at least some of its generating facilities. 

 Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any
new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that
impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect
Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity.

 If additional federal and/or state requirements
are imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency improvements, such requirements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combination could make some of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical
to maintain or operate. The EPA, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and other federal agencies are
focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. Dominion and Virginia Power expect that additional EPA regulations, and possibly additional state legislation and/or
regulations, may be issued resulting in the imposition of additional limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency improvements from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 

 There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s natural gas businesses as federal or state GHG legislation or
regulations may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products. Several regions of
the U.S. have moved forward with GHG emission regulations including regions where Dominion has operations. For example, Massachusetts and Rhode Island have implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO 2 emissions through RGGI, a cap and trade program covering CO 2 emissions from power plants in the Northeast, which affects several of
Dominion’s facilities. 
 Compliance with GHG emission reduction requirements may require increasing the energy efficiency
of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon capture and storage technology, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with
lower emitting generation facilities. The cost of compliance with GHG emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the
implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon capture and storage technology, and the selected compliance alternatives. The Companies cannot estimate
the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’ generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the
impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 
 Risks arising from the reliability of the Companies’ facilities supply chain disruptions or personnel issues could result in lost revenues
and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Operation of
the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by
employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and
performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents, earthquakes and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities. Because Virginia Power’s transmission facilities are interconnected with
those of third parties, the operation of its facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 Operation of the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in
lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an
inherent risk of the Companies’ business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur
significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to
perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur substantial costs and liabilities. 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the
ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of
replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion and Virginia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure
to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s decommissioning
trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted.
 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation
which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC
has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements
promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident
did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could cause the NRC to adopt
increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 
 Dominion depends on third parties to produce the natural gas it gathers and processes, and the NGLs it fractionates at its facilities. A reduction in these quantities could reduce Dominion’s
revenues. Dominion obtains its supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Such producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or
NGLs to Dominion’s facilities, although the producers that have
con- 

tracted to supply natural gas to Dominion’s natural gas processing and fractionation facility under development in Natrium, West Virginia will generally be subject to contractual minimum fee
payments. If producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s systems and facilities for any reason, Dominion could experience lower revenues to the extent it is unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms.
 
 Dominion’s merchant power business is operating in a challenging
market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth. The success of Dominion’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including
the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to
manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 
 In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases,
the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost
to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise
effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 
 Dominion purchases
fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as
a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial results.
 
 Energy conservation could negatively impact Dominion’s and Virginia
Power’s financial results. Certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date.
Additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices, including lighting and electric heat pumps, could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. To the extent
conservation results in reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand, the value of the Companies’ business activities could be adversely impacted. 
 Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results of operations. Dominion and Virginia Power are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including
but not limited to payment for services. Counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Such defaults by customers, suppliers or
other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Market performance and other changes may
decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance
of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion has significant
obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 

 With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the
obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 
 A decline in
the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under Dominion’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect
the liabilities under Dominion’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of
retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

 If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors,
Dominion’s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion
purchases and sells commodity-based contracts primarily in the natural gas market for trading purposes. The Companies could recognize financial losses on these contracts, including as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying
commodities, if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract or upon the failure or insolvency of a financial intermediary, exchange or clearinghouse used to enter, execute or clear these transactions. In the absence of actively-quoted market
prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the under-lying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect
the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 The use of derivatives to hedge future sales may limit the benefit Dominion
would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require Dominion to deposit funds or post letters of credit with counterparties, financial intermediaries or
clearinghouses to cover the fair value of covered contracts in excess of agreed upon credit limits. For instance, when commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where it has hedged future sales, Dominion may be required to
use a material portion of its available liquidity or obtain additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on Dominion’s financial liquidity and results of operations. In
addition, the availability or security of the collateral delivered by Dominion

may be adversely affected by the failure or insolvency of a financial intermediary, exchange or clearinghouse used to enter, execute or clear these types of transactions. 

 Derivatives designated under hedge accounting, to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction, can result in ineffectiveness
losses. These losses primarily result from differences between the location and/or specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect Dominion’s results of operations. 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including
market liquidity, price volatility, credit strength of the Companies’ counterparties and the financial condition of the financial intermediaries, exchanges and clearinghouses used for the types of transactions. These market risks are beyond the
Companies’ control and could adversely affect their results of operations, liquidity and future growth. 
 The Dodd-Frank
Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an
exchange or other approved trading platform. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading
requirements. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable regulators. If, as a result of the rulemaking process,
Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their
derivative activities. In addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the over-the-counter derivative provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ swap counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’
derivative activities. 
 Changing rating agency requirements could negatively
affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s growth and business strategy. In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of
existing or future rating agency requirements, Dominion and Virginia Power may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A reduction in Dominion’s credit ratings
or the credit ratings of Virginia Power could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require Dominion to post additional collateral in connection
with some of its price risk management activities. 
 An inability to access
financial markets could adversely affect the execution of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business plans. Dominion and
Virginia Power rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for capital expenditures, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales
and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or
general financial market disruptions outside of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their

 23 

 Table of Contents 

ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market
disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to
affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

 Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s financial results. Dominion and Virginia Power cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in
general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect
earnings or could increase liabilities. 
 War, acts and threats of terrorism,
natural disaster and other significant events could adversely affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations. 
Dominion and Virginia Power cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’ business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may
affect the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition, the Companies’ infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect
casualties of, an act of terror. Furthermore, the physical compromise of the Companies’ facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in financial markets as a result of
terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could negatively impact the Companies’ results of
operations and financial condition. 
 Hostile cyber intrusions could severely
impair Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information
technology systems. Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. Parties that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system or the Companies’ operations could view the
Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. In addition, the Companies’ businesses require that they collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and
shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 
 A successful cyber attack on the systems that
control the Companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business
systems could affect the Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead
to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other

confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. The Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover
certain damage caused by potential cybersecurity incidents, however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could
materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the
inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. An aging workforce in the energy industry necessitates recruiting, retaining and developing the next generation of leadership.

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2012, Dominion
owned its principal executive office and three other corporate offices, all located in Richmond, Virginia. Dominion also leases corporate offices in other cities in which its subsidiaries operate. Virginia Power shares its principal office in
Richmond, Virginia, which is owned by Dominion. In addition, Virginia Power’s DVP and Generation segments share certain leased buildings and equipment. See Item 1. Business for additional information about each segment’s principal
properties, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Dominion’s assets consist primarily of its investments
in its subsidiaries, the principal properties of which are described here and in Item 1. Business. 
 Substantially all of
Virginia Power’s property is subject to the lien of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds. There were no bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2012; however, by leaving the indenture open, Virginia
Power retains the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in the future. Certain of Dominion’s merchant generation facilities are also subject to liens. See Item 7. MD&A for more information. 

 P OWER G ENERATION 
 Dominion and Virginia Power generate
electricity for sale on a wholesale and a retail level. The Companies supply electricity demand either from their generation facilities or through purchased power contracts. As of December 31, 2012, Dominion Generation’s total utility
and merchant generating capacity was approximately 27,500 MW. 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 The following tables list Dominion Generation’s utility and merchant generating units and capability, as of
December 31, 2012: 
 V IRGINIA P OWER U TILITY G ENERATION 

 Plant 

 Location 

 Net Summer 

 Capability (MW) 

 Percentage 

 Net Summer 

 Capability 

 Coal 

 Mt. Storm 

 Mt. Storm, WV 

 1,599 

 Chesterfield 

 Chester, VA 

 1,267 

 Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 

 Wise County, VA 

 600 

 Chesapeake (1) 

 Chesapeake, VA 

 595 

 Clover 

 Clover, VA 

 433 

 (5) 

 Yorktown (1) 

 Yorktown, VA 

 323 

 Bremo (2) 

 Bremo Bluff, VA 

 227 

 Mecklenburg 

 Clarksville, VA 

 138 

 Altavista (3),(4) 

 Altavista, VA 

 63 

 Hopewell (4) 

 Hopewell, VA 

 63 

 Southampton (4) 

 Southampton, VA 

 63 

 Total Coal 

 5,371 

 28 

 % 

 Gas 

 Ladysmith (CT) 

 Ladysmith, VA 

 783 

 Remington (CT) 

 Remington, VA 

 608 

 Bear Garden (CC) 

 Buckingham County, VA 

 590 

 Possum Point (CC) 

 Dumfries, VA 

 559 

 Chesterfield (CC) 

 Chester, VA 

 397 

 Elizabeth River (CT) 

 Chesapeake, VA 

 348 

 Possum Point 

 Dumfries, VA 

 316 

 Bellemeade (CC) 

 Richmond, VA 

 267 

 Gordonsville Energy (CC) 

 Gordonsville, VA 

 218 

 Gravel Neck (CT) 

 Surry, VA 

 170 

 Darbytown (CT) 

 Richmond, VA 

 168 

 Rosemary (CC) 

 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

 165 

 Total Gas 

 4,589 

 23 

 Nuclear 

 Surry 

 Surry, VA 

 1,678 

 North Anna 

 Mineral, VA 

 1,668 

 (6) 

 Total Nuclear 

 3,346 

 17 

 Oil 

 Yorktown 

 Yorktown, VA 

 818 

 Possum Point 

 Dumfries, VA 

 786 

 Gravel Neck (CT) 

 Surry, VA 

 198 

 Darbytown (CT) 

 Richmond, VA 

 168 

 Possum Point (CT) 

 Dumfries, VA 

 72 

 Chesapeake (CT) 

 Chesapeake, VA 

 51 

 Low Moor (CT) 

 Covington, VA 

 48 

 Northern Neck (CT) 

 Lively, VA 

 47 

 Total Oil 

 2,188 

 11 

 Hydro 

 Bath County 

 Warm Springs, VA 

 1,802 

 (7) 

 Gaston 

 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

 220 

 Roanoke Rapids 

 Roanoke Rapids, NC 

 95 

 Other 

 Various 

 3 

 Total Hydro 

 2,120 

 11 

 Biomass 

 Pittsylvania 

 Hurt, VA 

 83 

 — 

 Various 

 Other 

 Various 

 11 

 — 

 17,708 

 Power Purchase Agreements 

 1,887 

 10 

 Total Utility Generation 

 19,595 

 100 

 % 

 Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 

 (1) 

 Certain coal-fired units are expected to be retired at Chesapeake and Yorktown by 2015 as a result of the issuance of the MATS rule. 

 (2) 

 Planned to convert to gas subject to necessary regulatory approvals. 

 (3) 

 Facility has been placed into cold reserve status, but can be restarted within a reasonably short period if necessary. 

 (4) 

 In the first quarter of 2012, the facility received regulatory approval to convert to biomass. 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 (5) 

 Excludes 50% undivided interest owned by ODEC. 

 (6) 

 Excludes 11.6% undivided interest owned by ODEC. 

 (7) 

 Excludes 40% undivided interest owned by Allegheny Generating Company, a subsidiary of Allegheny Energy, Inc. 

 D OMINION M ERCHANT G ENERATION 

 Plant 

 Location 

 Net Summer 

 Capability (MW) 

 Percentage 

 Net Summer 

 Capability 

 Nuclear 

 Millstone 

 Waterford, CT 

 2,016 

 (5) 

 Kewaunee (1) 

 Kewaunee, WI 

 556 

 Total Nuclear 

 2,572 

 33 

 % 

 Gas 

 Fairless
(CC) (2),(3) 

 Fairless Hills, PA 

 1,196 

 Elwood
(CT) (2),(4) 

 Elwood, IL 

 712 

 (6) 

 Manchester (CC) 

 Providence, RI 

 432 

 Total Gas 

 2,340 

 30 

 Coal 

 Kincaid (2),(4) 

 Kincaid, IL 

 1,158 

 Brayton Point (4) 

 Somerset, MA 

 1,083 

 Total Coal 

 2,241 

 28 

 Oil 

 Brayton Point (4) 

 Somerset, MA 

 435 

 Total Oil 

 435 

 6 

 Wind 

 Fowler
Ridge (2) 

 Benton County, IN 

 150 

 (7) 

 NedPower Mt. Storm (2) 

 Grant County, WV 

 132 

 (8) 

 Total Wind 

 282 

 3 

 Various 

 Brayton Point (4),(9) 

 Somerset, MA 

 10 

 — 

 Total Merchant Generation 

 7,880 

 100 

 % 

 Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 

 (1) 

 In the fourth quarter of 2012, Dominion announced that it would permanently cease operations at Kewaunee in 2013 and commence decommissioning of this facility.

 (2) 

 Subject to a lien securing the facility’s debt. Also see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on liens related to Kincaid
and Fairless. 

 (3) 

 Includes generating units that Dominion operates under leasing arrangements. 

 (4) 

 In the third quarter of 2012, Dominion announced its decision to pursue the sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid and its 50% interest in Elwood.

 (5) 

 Excludes 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company and Green Mountain Power Corporation.

 (6) 

 Excludes 50% membership interest owned by J-POWER Elwood, LLC. 

 (7) 

 Excludes 50% membership interest owned by BP. 

 (8) 

 Excludes 50% membership interest owned by Shell. 

 (9) 

 Represents four diesel generators. 

 26 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 From time to time, Dominion and Virginia Power are alleged to be in violation or in default under orders, statutes, rules or regulations relating to the
environment, compliance plans imposed upon or agreed to by the Companies, or permits issued by various local, state and/or federal agencies for the construction or operation of facilities. Administrative proceedings may also be pending on these
matters. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Companies and their subsidiaries are involved in various legal proceedings. 
 In February 2008, Dominion received a request for information pursuant to Section 114 of the CAA from the EPA. The request concerns historical operating changes and capital improvements undertaken at
State Line and Kincaid. In April 2009, Dominion received a second request for information. Dominion provided information in response to both requests. Also in April 2009, Dominion received a Notice and Finding of Violations from the EPA claiming
violations of the CAA New Source Review requirements, NSPS, and Title V permit program and the stations’ respective State Implementation Plans. The Notice states that the EPA may issue an order requiring compliance with the relevant CAA
provisions and may seek injunctive relief and/or civil penalties, all pursuant to the EPA’s enforcement authority under the CAA. In May 2010, Dominion received a request for information pursuant to Section 114 of the CAA from the EPA. The
request concerns historical operating changes and capital improvements undertaken at Brayton Point. Dominion submitted its response to the request in November 2010. 
 Dominion believes that it complied with applicable laws and the EPA regulations and interpretations in effect at the time the work in question took place. The CAA authorizes maximum civil penalties of
$25,000 to $37,500 per day, per violation at each generating unit, depending on the date of the alleged violation. In addition to any such penalties that may be awarded, an adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures or affect the
timing of currently budgeted capital expenditures. Dominion is currently in settlement discussions to resolve these matters. However, there can be no assurance that Dominion will reach a settlement with the EPA. Dominion does not believe that final
resolution of the matter will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

 See Notes 13 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Future Issues and Other Matters in MD&A, which information is
incorporated herein by reference, for discussion of various environmental and other regulatory proceedings to which the Companies are a party.

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers of Dominion 

 Information concerning the executive officers of Dominion, each of whom is elected annually, is as
follows: 

 Name and Age 

 Business Experience Past Five
Years (1) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II (58) 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Dominion from April 2007 to date; President and CEO of Dominion from January 2006 to date; Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Virginia Power
from February 2006 to date. 

 Mark F. McGettrick (55) 

 Executive Vice President and CFO of Dominion and Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; Executive Vice President of Dominion from April 2006 to May 2009; President and COO-Generation of
Virginia Power from February 2006 to May 2009. 

 Paul D. Koonce (53) 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer – Energy Infrastructure Group of Dominion from February 2013 to date; President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date;
Executive Vice President of Dominion from April 2006 to February 2013. 

 David A. Christian (58) 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer – Dominion Generation Group of Dominion from February 2013 to date; President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date;
Executive Vice President of Dominion from May 2011 to February 2013; President and CNO of Virginia Power from October 2007 to May 2009. 

 David A. Heacock (55) 

 President and CNO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; Senior Vice President of Dominion and President and COO-DVP of Virginia Power from June 2008 to May 2009; Senior Vice President-DVP
of Virginia Power from October 2007 to May 2008. 

 Gary L. Sypolt (59) 

 Executive Vice President of Dominion from May 2011 to date; President of DTI from June 2009 to date; President-Transmission of DTI from January 2003 to May 2009. 

 Robert M. Blue (45) 

 Senior Vice President-Law, Public Policy and Environment of Dominion and Virginia Power from January 2011 to date; Senior Vice President-Public Policy and Environment of Dominion from
February 2010 to December 2010; Senior Vice President-Public Policy and Corporate Communications of Dominion from May 2008 to January 2010; Vice President-State and Federal Affairs of DRS from September 2006 to May 2008. 

 Steven A. Rogers
(51) (2) 

 Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Dominion from October 2007 to December 2012; Senior Vice President and CAO of Dominion and Virginia Power from January 2007 to
September 2007 and CNG from January 2007 to June 2007. 

 Ashwini Sawhney (63) 

 Vice President-Accounting and Controller (CAO) of Dominion from May 2010 to date; Vice President and Controller (CAO) of Dominion from July 2009 to May
2010; Vice President-Accounting of Virginia Power from April 2006 to date; Vice President and Controller of Dominion from April 2007 to June 2009. 

 (1) 

 Any service listed for Virginia Power, DTI and DRS reflects service at a subsidiary of Dominion. 

 (2) 

 Steven A. Rogers ceased to be an executive officer of Dominion as of January 1, 2013. 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Part II 

 Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Dominion 

 Dominion’s common stock is listed on the NYSE. At January 31, 2013, there were approximately 139,000 record holders of Dominion’s common
stock. The number of record holders is comprised of individual shareholder accounts maintained on Dominion’s transfer agent records and includes accounts with shares held in (1) certificate form, (2) book-entry in the Direct
Registration System and (3) book-entry under Dominion Direct. Discussions of expected dividend payments and restrictions on Dominion’s payment of dividends required by this Item are contained in Liquidity and Capital Resources in
Item 7. MD&A and Notes 17 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Cash dividends were paid quarterly in 2012 and 2011. Quarterly information concerning stock prices and dividends is disclosed in Note 26 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table presents certain information
with respect to Dominion’s common stock repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2012: 

 D OMINION P URCHASES 
 OF E QUITY S ECURITIES 

 Period 

 Total 

 Number 
 of Shares 

 (or Units) 
 Purchased (1) 

 Average
Price
Paid per
Share
(or Unit) (2) 

 Total Number 

 of Shares (or Units) 

 Purchased as Part 

 of Publicly Announced 
 Plans or
Programs 

 Maximum Number (or 

 Approximate Dollar Value) 

 of Shares (or Units) that May 
 Yet Be Purchased under the 
 Plans or Programs (3) 

 10/1/2012-10/31/12 

 467 

 $ 

 52.81 

 N/A 

 19,629,059 shares/$ 

 1.18 billion 

 11/1/2012-11/30/12 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 N/A 

 19,629,059 shares/$ 

 1.18 billion 

 12/1/2012-12/31/12 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 N/A 

 19,629,059 shares/$ 

 1.18 billion 

 Total 

 467 

 $ 

 52.81 

 N/A 

 19,629,059 shares/$ 

 1.18 billion 

 (1) 

 In October 2012, 467 shares were tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock. 

 (2) 

 Represents the weighted-average price paid per share. 

 (3) 

 The remaining repurchase authorization is pursuant to repurchase authority granted by the Dominion Board of Directors in February 2005, as modified in June 2007. The
aggregate authorization granted by the Dominion Board of Directors was 86 million shares (as adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split distributed in November 2007) not to exceed $4 billion. 

 Virginia Power 
 There is no established public
trading market for Virginia Power’s common stock, all of which is owned by Dominion. Restrictions on Virginia Power’s payment of dividends are discussed in Dividend Restrictions in Item 7. MD&A and Note 20 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Virginia Power paid quarterly cash dividends on its common stock as follows: 

 First
Quarter 

 Second
Quarter 

 Third
Quarter 

 Fourth
Quarter 

 Full
Year 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 $ 

 149 

 $ 

 120 

 $ 

 110 

 $ 

 180 

 $ 

 559 

 2011 

 131 

 118 

 199 

 109 

 557 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

 D OMINION 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (millions, except per share amounts) 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 13,093 

 $ 

 14,145 

 $ 

 14,927 

 $ 

 14,575 

 $ 

 15,594 

 Income from continuing operations, net of tax (1) 

 324 

 1,433 

 3,066 

 1,276 

 1,599 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
tax (1) 

 (22 

 ) 

 (25 

 ) 

 (258 

 ) 

 11 

 235 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 302 

 1,408 

 2,808 

 1,287 

 1,834 

 Income from continuing operations before loss from discontinued operations per common share-basic 

 0.57 

 2.50 

 5.21 

 2.15 

 2.76 

 Net income attributable to Dominion per common share-basic 

 0.53 

 2.46 

 4.77 

 2.17 

 3.17 

 Income from continuing operations before loss from discontinued operations per common share-diluted 

 0.57 

 2.49 

 5.20 

 2.15 

 2.75 

 Net income attributable to Dominion per common share-diluted 

 0.53 

 2.45 

 4.76 

 2.17 

 3.16 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 2.11 

 1.97 

 1.83 

 1.75 

 1.58 

 Total assets 

 46,838 

 45,614 

 42,817 

 42,554 

 42,053 

 Long-term debt 

 16,851 

 17,394 

 15,758 

 15,481 

 14,956 

 (1) 

 Amounts attributable to Dominion’s common shareholders. 

 2012 results include a $1.0 billion after-tax impairment charge due to bids received for Brayton Point and Kincaid and a $303 million after-tax charge primarily resulting from management’s decision
to cease operations and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013. 
 2011 results include a $139 million after-tax charge
reflecting generation plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to the anticipated retirement of certain utility coal-fired generating units and a $59 million after-tax charge reflecting restoration costs associated
with damage caused by Hurricane Irene. 
 2010 results include a $1.4 billion after-tax net income benefit from the sale of
substantially all of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations, net of charges related to the divestiture and a $202 million after-tax charge primarily reflecting severance pay and other benefits related to a workforce reduction program, as
discussed in Notes 3 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. The loss from discontinued operations in 2010 includes $127 million of after-tax impairment charges at certain merchant generation facilities and a $140 million
after-tax loss on the sale of Peoples. 
 2009 results include a $435 million after-tax charge in connection with the settlement
of Virginia Power’s 2009 base rate case proceedings. Also in 2009, Dominion recorded a $281 million after-tax ceiling test impairment charge related to the carrying value of its Appalachian E&P properties. 

 2008 results include $109 million of after-tax charges reflecting other-than-temporary declines in the fair value of certain securities
held as investments in nuclear decommissioning trusts. In addition, income from discontinued operations in 2008 includes a $120 million after-tax benefit due to the reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with the sale of Peoples.
 
 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (millions) 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 7,226 

 $ 

 7,246 

 $ 

 7,219 

 $ 

 6,584 

 $ 

 6,934 

 Net income 

 1,050 

 822 

 852 

 356 

 864 

 Balance available for common stock 

 1,034 

 805 

 835 

 339 

 847 

 Total assets 

 24,811 

 23,544 

 22,262 

 20,118 

 18,802 

 Long-term debt 

 6,251 

 6,246 

 6,702 

 6,213 

 6,000 

 2012 results include a $53 million after-tax charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe
storms. 
 2011 results include a $139 million after-tax charge reflecting generation plant balances that are not expected to be
recovered in future periods due to the anticipated retirement of certain coal-fired generating units and a $59 million after-tax charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene. 

 2010 results include a $123 million after-tax charge primarily reflecting severance pay and other benefits related to a workforce
reduction program, discussed in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2009 results include a $427 million
after-tax charge in connection with the settlement of Virginia Power’s 2009 base rate case proceedings. 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations 

 MD&A discusses Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s results of operations and general financial
condition. MD&A should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 C ONTENTS OF MD&A 
 MD&A consists of the following
information: 

 Ÿ 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 Ÿ 

 Accounting Matters 

 Ÿ 

 Dominion 

 Ÿ 

 Results of Operations 

 Ÿ 

 Segment Results of Operations 

 Ÿ 

 Virginia Power 

 Ÿ 

 Results of Operations 

 Ÿ 

 Segment Results of Operations 

 Ÿ 

 Selected Information—Energy Trading Activities 

 Ÿ 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Ÿ 

 Future Issues and Other Matters 

 F ORWARD -L OOKING 
S TATEMENTS 
 This report contains statements concerning Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s expectations, plans,
objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In most cases, the
reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,”
“may,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power make
forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking
statements themselves. Additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not limited to: 

 Ÿ 

 Unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices; 

 Ÿ 

 Extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes and changes in water temperature and
availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities; 

 Ÿ 

 Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or
discharge limits for GHGs and other emissions, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances; 

 Ÿ 

 Cost of environmental compliance, including those costs related to climate change; 

 Ÿ 

 Risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant
maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities; 

 Ÿ 

 Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities;

 Ÿ 

 Fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on Dominion’s earnings and Dominion’s and Virginia
Power’s liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets; 

 Ÿ 

 Counterparty credit and performance risk; 

 Ÿ 

 Capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms; 

 Ÿ 

 Risks associated with Virginia Power’s membership and participation in PJM, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other
participants; 

 Ÿ 

 Price risk due to investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by Dominion and Virginia Power and in benefit plan trusts by Dominion;

 Ÿ 

 Fluctuations in interest rates; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by governing bodies; 

 Ÿ 

 Employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees; 

 Ÿ 

 Risks of operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures; 

 Ÿ 

 Impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio reviews; 

 Ÿ 

 Receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for acquisitions and divestitures; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes in rules for RTOs and ISOs in which Dominion and Virginia Power participate, including changes in rate designs and new and evolving capacity
models; 

 Ÿ 

 Political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation; 

 Ÿ 

 Domestic terrorism and other threats to the Companies’ physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity;

 Ÿ 

 Changes in demand for the Companies’ services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the Companies’ service
areas, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, and changes in demand for Dominion’s natural gas services; 

 Ÿ 

 Additional competition in the electric industry, including in electric markets in which Dominion’s merchant generation facilities operate, and
competition in the construction and ownership of electric transmission facilities in Virginia Power’s service territory, in connection with FERC Order 1000; 

 Ÿ 

 Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies;

 Ÿ 

 Changes to regulated electric rates collected by Virginia Power and regulated gas distribution, transportation and storage rates, including LNG
storage, collected by Dominion; 

 Ÿ 

 Timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or expansion projects; 

 Ÿ 

 The inability to complete planned construction projects within the terms and time frames initially anticipated; and 

 Ÿ 

 Adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings. 

 Additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors.

 31 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

 A CCOUNTING M ATTERS 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 Dominion and Virginia Power have identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments,
uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to their financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different
assumptions. Dominion and Virginia Power have discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the Audit Committees of their Boards of Directors. Virginia Power’s Board of Directors also serves as its Audit
Committee. 
 A CCOUNTING FOR R EGULATED O PERATIONS 

 The accounting for Virginia Power’s regulated electric and Dominion’s regulated gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated
operations in that they are required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in their Consolidated Financial Statements. For regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to
accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs are deferred as
regulatory assets that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from
customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator. 
 The Companies evaluate whether or not recovery of their regulatory assets through future rates is probable and make various assumptions in their analyses. The expectations of future recovery are generally
based on orders issued by regulatory commissions or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period
such assessment is made. See Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 A SSET 
R ETIREMENT O BLIGATIONS 
 Dominion and Virginia Power recognize liabilities for the expected cost of retiring
tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the ARO can be reasonably estimated. These AROs are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. In the absence of
quoted market prices, the Companies estimate the fair value of their AROs using present value techniques, in which they make various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement
activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. The impact on measurements of new AROs or remeasurements of existing AROs, using different cost escalation rates in the future, may be significant. When the Companies revise any
assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing AROs, they adjust the carrying amount of both the ARO liability and the related long-lived asset. The Companies accrete the ARO liability to reflect the passage of time.

 In 2012, 2011 and 2010, Dominion recognized $77 million, $84 million and $85 million,
respectively, of accretion, and expects to recognize $88 million in 2013. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, Virginia Power recognized $34 million, $36 million and $35 million, respectively, of accretion, and expects to recognize $38 million in 2013.
Virginia Power records accretion and depreciation associated with utility nuclear decommissioning AROs as an adjustment to its regulatory liability for nuclear decommissioning. 
 A significant portion of the Companies’ AROs relates to the future decommissioning of Dominion’s merchant and Virginia Power’s utility nuclear facilities. These nuclear decommissioning AROs
are reported in the Dominion Generation segment. At December 31, 2012, Dominion’s nuclear decommissioning AROs totaled $1.5 billion, representing approximately 86% of its total AROs. At December 31, 2012, Virginia
Power’s nuclear decommissioning AROs totaled $633 million, representing approximately 90% of its total AROs. Based on their significance, the following discussion of critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of AROs relates to
those associated with the Companies’ nuclear decommissioning obligations. 
 The Companies obtain from third-party
specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for their nuclear plants. These cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time
they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. In addition, the Companies’ cost estimates include cost escalation rates
that are applied to the base year costs. The Companies determine cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each
nuclear facility. The selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be a critical assumption. 
 In September 2012, Dominion recorded an increase of $246 million in the nuclear decommissioning AROs for its units. The ARO revision was primarily driven by management’s decision to cease operations
and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013. Virginia Power recorded an increase of $43 million in the nuclear decommissioning AROs for its units. The ARO revision was driven by an increase in estimated costs. In December 2011, Dominion recorded a
decrease of $290 million in the nuclear decommissioning AROs for its units. Virginia Power recorded a decrease of $95 million in the nuclear decommissioning AROs for its units. The ARO revision in 2011 was driven by a reduction in anticipated future
decommissioning costs due to the expected future recovery from the DOE of certain spent fuel costs based on the Companies’ contracts with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel, as well as updated escalation rates. 

 I NCOME T AXES 

 Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. The
interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to
tax-related assets and liabilities could be material. 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 Given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and filing of income
taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. Positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are recognized in the
financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. At December 31, 2012, Dominion had $293 million
and Virginia Power had $57 million of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded
representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Dominion and Virginia Power evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax
assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. Failure to achieve
forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. The Companies establish a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax
asset will not be realized. At December 31, 2012, Dominion had established $93 million of valuation allowances and Virginia Power had no valuation allowances. 
 A CCOUNTING FOR D ERIVATIVE C ONTRACTS AND O THER I NSTRUMENTS AT F AIR 
V ALUE 
 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative contracts such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs to manage
commodity and financial market risks of their business operations. Derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Accounting requirements for derivatives and related hedging activities
are complex and may be subject to further clarification by standard-setting bodies. The majority of investments held in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning and Dominion’s rabbi and benefit plan trust funds are also
subject to fair value accounting. See Notes 6 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these fair value measurements. 
 Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, management seeks indicative price information from external sources, including broker
quotes and industry publications. When evaluating pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, the Companies consider whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an
active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if the Companies believe that observable
pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases, the Companies must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of
statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect their market assumptions.

 The Companies maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. 
 U SE OF E STIMATES IN G OODWILL 
I MPAIRMENT T ESTING 
 As of December 31, 2012, Dominion reported $3.1 billion of goodwill in its
Consolidated Balance Sheet. A significant portion resulted from the acquisition of the former CNG in 2000. 
 In April of each
year, Dominion tests its goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its
carrying amount. The 2012, 2011 and 2010 annual tests and any interim tests did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment. 
 In general, Dominion estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies
and analyses of recent business combinations involving peer group companies. For Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations and Peoples and Hope operations, negotiated sales prices were used as fair value for the tests conducted in 2010. Fair
value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as Dominion’s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent transactions. These underlying
assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, particularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in Dominion’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a future impairment of goodwill.
Although Dominion has consistently applied the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available at
the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. If the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent tests had been 10% lower, the resulting fair values would have still been
greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 U SE OF E STIMATES IN L ONG -L IVED A SSET 
I MPAIRMENT T ESTING 
 Impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets or for intangible
assets with definite lives is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. When an asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to
the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Performing an impairment test on long-lived assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and
grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to
reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about operating the long-lived assets and the

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

selection of an appropriate discount rate. Although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by
nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. For example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset, including future production and sales
levels, expected fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets. 

 E MPLOYEE B ENEFIT P LANS 
 Dominion sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. The projected costs of providing
benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. Assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. The impact of changes in these
factors, as well as differences between Dominion’s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than immediately.
 
 The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates and healthcare cost trend rates are critical
assumptions. Dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of: 

 Ÿ 

 Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 

 Ÿ 

 Historical return analysis to determine long term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes;

 Ÿ 

 Expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations; 

 Ÿ 

 Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major stock market indices; and

 Ÿ 

 Investment allocation of plan assets. The strategic target asset allocation for Dominion’s pension funds is 28% U.S. equity, 18% non-U.S. equity,
33% fixed income, 3% real estate and 18% other alternative investments, such as private equity investments. 

 Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies.
Factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
Deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of Dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual
asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future
asset/ 

liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. 

 Dominion develops assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. An
internal committee selects the final assumptions. Dominion calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.50% for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Dominion calculated its other postretirement benefit cost
using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 7.75% for 2012, 2011 and 2010. The rate used in calculating other postretirement benefit cost is lower than the rate used in calculating pension cost because of differences in
the relative amounts of various types of investments held as plan assets. 
 Dominion determines discount rates from analyses of
AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. The discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost were 5.50% in 2012, 5.90% in 2011 and 6.60% in 2010. Dominion
selected a discount rate of 4.40% for determining its December 31, 2012 projected pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. 
 Dominion establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected,
and demographics of plan participants. Dominion’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of December 31, 2012 was 7% and is expected to gradually decrease to 4.60% by 2061 and continue at that rate for years thereafter. 

 The following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions previously discussed, while holding all
other assumptions constant: 

 Increase in Net Periodic Cost 

 Change in
Actuarial
Assumption 

 Pension
Benefits 

 Other
Postretirement
Benefits 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Discount rate 

 (0.25 

 )% 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 4 

 Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

 (0.25 

 )% 

 13 

 3 

 Healthcare cost trend rate 

 1 

 % 

 N/A 

 17 

 In addition to the effects on cost, at December 31, 2012, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would
increase Dominion’s projected pension benefit obligation by $219 million and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $54 million, while a 1.00% increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation by $218 million. See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 R EVENUE R ECOGNITION —U NBILLED R EVENUE 

 Virginia Power recognizes and records revenues when energy is delivered to the customer. The determination of sales to individual customers is based on
the reading of their meters, which is performed on a systematic basis throughout the month. At the end of each month, the amount of electric energy delivered to customers, but not yet billed, is estimated and recorded as unbilled revenue. This
estimate is reversed in the following month and actual revenue is recorded based on meter readings. Virginia

 34 

 Table of Contents 

Power’s customer receivables included $348 million and $360 million of accrued unbilled revenue at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 The calculation of unbilled revenues is complex and includes numerous estimates and assumptions including historical usage, applicable
customer rates, weather factors and total daily electric generation supplied, adjusted for line losses. Changes in customer usage patterns and other factors, which are the basis for the estimates of unbilled revenues, could have a significant effect
on the calculation and therefore on Virginia Power’s results of operations and financial condition. 
 D OMINION 

 R ESULTS OF O PERATIONS 
 Presented below is a
summary of Dominion’s consolidated results: 

 Year Ended
December 31, 

 2012 

 $ Change 

 2011 

 $ Change 

 2010 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Net Income attributable to Dominion 

 $ 

 302 

 $ 

 (1,106 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,408 

 $ 

 (1,400 

 ) 

 $ 

 2,808 

 Diluted EPS 

 0.53 

 (1.92 

 ) 

 2.45 

 (2.31 

 ) 

 4.76 

 Overview 
 2012
 VS . 2011 
 Net income attributable to Dominion decreased by 79%. Unfavorable drivers include impairment and other charges
related to bids received for Brayton Point and Kincaid and management’s decision to cease operations and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013. Favorable drivers include the absence of an impairment charge related to certain utility coal-fired
power stations and the absence of restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene recorded in 2011. 
 2011
 VS . 2010 
 Net income attributable to Dominion decreased by 50%. Unfavorable drivers include the absence of a gain on the
sale of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations, lower margins from merchant generation operations, and the impact of less favorable weather, including Hurricane Irene, on electric utility operations. Favorable drivers include the absence of
charges related to a workforce reduction program and the absence of a loss on the sale of Peoples, and higher earnings from rate adjustment clauses.

 Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
 Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion’s results of operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 $ Change 

 2011 

 $ Change 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating Revenue 

 $ 

 13,093 

 $ 

 (1,052 

 ) 

 $ 

 14,145 

 $ 

 (782 

 ) 

 $ 

 14,927 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 3,748 

 (349 

 ) 

 4,097 

 63 

 4,034 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 387 

 (67 

 ) 

 454 

 1 

 453 

 Purchased gas 

 1,177 

 (587 

 ) 

 1,764 

 (285 

 ) 

 2,049 

 Net Revenue 

 7,781 

 (49 

 ) 

 7,830 

 (561 

 ) 

 8,391 

 Other operations and maintenance 

 4,868 

 1,546 

 3,322 

 (126 

 ) 

 3,448 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 1,186 

 120 

 1,066 

 31 

 1,035 

 Other taxes 

 571 

 23 

 548 

 24 

 524 

 Gain on sale of Appalachian E&P operations 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,467 

 ) 

 2,467 

 Other income 

 223 

 45 

 178 

 8 

 170 

 Interest and related charges 

 882 

 15 

 867 

 41 

 826 

 Income tax expense 

 146 

 (608 

 ) 

 754 

 (1,358 

 ) 

 2,112 

 Loss from discontinued operations 

 (22 

 ) 

 3 

 (25 

 ) 

 233 

 (258 

 ) 

 An analysis of Dominion’s results of operations follows: 

 2012 VS . 2011 
 Net Revenue decreased 1%, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 A $161 million decrease from merchant generation operations, primarily reflecting a decrease in realized prices; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $144 million decrease from regulated natural gas distribution operations primarily reflecting decreased rider revenue ($117 million) related to low
income assistance programs. 

 These decreases were partially offset by: 

 Ÿ 

 A $184 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 The impact of rate adjustment clauses ($138 million); 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of a charge recorded in 2011 based on the Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($81 million); and

 Ÿ 

 A decrease in net capacity expenses ($31 million); partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 The impact ($58 million) of a decrease in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a decrease in cooling and heating degree days ($184 million),
partially offset by an increase in sales due to the effect of favorable economic conditions on customer usage and other factors ($126 million); 

 Ÿ 

 A $57 million increase in retail energy marketing activities primarily due to price risk management activities; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $6 million increase from regulated natural gas transmission operations, primarily due to new transportation assets placed in service.

 35 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

 Other operations and
maintenance increased 47%, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 A $1.6 billion impairment charge due to bids received for Brayton Point and Kincaid; 

 Ÿ 

 A $415 million impairment charge due to management’s decision to cease operations and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013; and

 Ÿ 

 A $107 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits. 

 These increases were partially offset by: 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of an impairment charge recorded in 2011 related to certain utility coal-fired generating units ($228 million);

 Ÿ 

 A $117 million decrease in bad debt expense at regulated natural gas distribution operations primarily related to low income assistance programs. These
expenses are recovered through rates and do not impact net income; and 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of restoration costs recorded in 2011 associated with damages caused by Hurricane Irene ($96 million). 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased 11%, primarily due to property additions. 
 Other Income increased 25%, primarily due to higher realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 

 Income tax expense 
decreased 81%, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income in 2012. 
 2011 VS . 2010 

 Net Revenue decreased 7%, primarily
reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 A $504 million decrease from merchant generation operations, primarily due to a decrease in realized prices ($340 million) and lower generation ($153
million); and 

 Ÿ 

 A $125 million decrease reflecting the sale of substantially all of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations in April 2010.

 These decreases were partially offset by: 

 Ÿ 

 A $32 million increase from Dominion’s gas transmission business primarily related to an increase in revenue from NGLs;

 Ÿ 

 A $28 million increase in producer services primarily related to higher physical margins and favorable price changes on economic hedging positions, all
associated with natural gas aggregation, marketing and trading activities; 

 Ÿ 

 A $13 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 The impact of rate adjustment clauses ($169 million); and 

 Ÿ 

 A decrease in net capacity expenses ($44 million); partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 The impact ($120 million) of a decrease in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a decrease in heating and cooling degree days ($220 million),
partially offset by an increase in sales due to the effect of favorable economic conditions on customer usage and other factors ($100 million); and 

 Ÿ 

 A decrease due to a charge based on the Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($81 million). 

 Other operations and maintenance decreased 4% primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 A $434 million decrease in salaries, wages and benefits primarily related to a 2010 workforce reduction program; partially offset by

 Ÿ 

 A $228 million impairment charge related to certain utility coal-fired generating units; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $96 million increase due to restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene. 

 Gain on sale of Appalachian E&P operations reflects a gain on the sale of these operations, as described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Interest and related charges increased 5%, primarily due to the absence of a benefit
recorded in 2010 resulting from the discontinuance of hedge accounting for certain interest rate derivatives ($73 million) and an increase in debt issuances in 2011 ($18 million), partially offset by the recognition of hedging gains that had
previously been deferred as regulatory liabilities as a result of the Biennial Review Order ($50 million). 
 Income tax expense decreased 64%, primarily reflecting lower federal and state taxes largely due to the absence of a gain from the sale of
Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations recorded in 2010. 
 Loss from
discontinued operations reflects the sale of Peoples in 2010, as well as losses associated with State Line and Salem Harbor, which were reclassified to discontinued operations as a result
of their sale in 2012. 
 Outlook 

 Dominion’s strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated
businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. Dominion is in the process of transitioning to a more regulated earnings mix, and is targeting 80-90 percent
of its earnings to come from regulated businesses in 2013 and beyond. This is evidenced by Dominion’s capital investments in regulated infrastructure, as well as its disposition of certain merchant generation facilities during 2012 and its
announcement that certain other merchant generation facilities are expected to be sold or decommissioned in 2013. 
 In 2013,
Dominion is expected to experience an increase in net income on a per share basis as compared to 2012. Dominion’s anticipated 2013 results reflect the following significant factors: 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of impairment charges incurred in 2012 associated with certain merchant generating facilities; 

 Ÿ 

 A return to normal weather in its electric utility operations; 

 Ÿ 

 Construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations and associated rate adjustment clause revenue, as well as full-year
earnings from gas transmission and gas distribution projects placed in service in 2012; and 

 Ÿ 

 Growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales of approximately 2% resulting from the recovering economy and rising energy demand; partially
offset by 

 Ÿ 

 An increase in interest expense; 

 Ÿ 

 Increases in certain operations and maintenance expense; and 

 Ÿ 

 An increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization. 

 On January 2, 2013, U.S. federal legislation was enacted that provides an extension of the 50 percent bonus depreciation allowance for qualifying capital expenditures incurred through 2013, as discussed
in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion expects the bonus depreciation provisions to reduce income taxes otherwise payable, resulting in cash savings in 2013 and 2014 of approximately $250 million and $350 million, respectively.

 36 

 Table of Contents 

 S EGMENT R ESULTS OF O PERATIONS 
 Segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. Presented below is a summary of contributions by Dominion’s operating
segments to net income attributable to Dominion: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net 

 Income
attributable
to
Dominion 

 Diluted
EPS 

 Net 

 Income
attributable
to
Dominion 

 Diluted
EPS 

 Net 

 Income
attributable
to
Dominion 

 Diluted
EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 DVP 

 $ 

 559 

 $ 

 0.98 

 $ 

 501 

 $ 

 0.87 

 $ 

 448 

 $ 

 0.76 

 Dominion Generation 

 874 

 1.52 

 968 

 1.68 

 1,263 

 2.14 

 Dominion Energy 

 551 

 0.96 

 521 

 0.91 

 475 

 0.80 

 Primary operating segments 

 1,984 

 3.46 

 1,990 

 3.46 

 2,186 

 3.70 

 Corporate and Other 

 (1,682 

 ) 

 (2.93 

 ) 

 (582 

 ) 

 (1.01 

 ) 

 622 

 1.06 

 Consolidated 

 $ 

 302 

 $ 

 0.53 

 $ 

 1,408 

 $ 

 2.45 

 $ 

 2,808 

 $ 

 4.76 

 DVP 
 Presented
below are operating statistics related to DVP’s operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 % Change 

 2011 

 % Change 

 2010 

 Electricity delivered (million MWh) 

 80.8 

 (2 

 )% 

 82.3 

 (3 

 )% 

 84.5 

 Degree days: 

 Cooling 

 1,787 

 (6 

 ) 

 1,899 

 (9 

 ) 

 2,090 

 Heating 

 2,955 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,354 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,819 

 Average electric distribution customer accounts
(thousands) (1) 

 2,455 

 1 

 2,438 

 1 

 2,422 

 Average retail energy marketing customer accounts (thousands) (1) 

 2,129 

 (1 

 ) 

 2,152 

 6 

 2,037 

 (1) 

 Thirteen-month average. 

 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting DVP’s net income contribution: 

 2012 VS . 2011 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (34 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.06 

 ) 

 Other 

 28 

 0.05 

 FERC transmission equity return 

 19 

 0.04 

 Retail energy marketing operations 

 35 

 0.06 

 Storm damage and service restoration (1) 

 14 

 0.03 

 Other 

 (4 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 58 

 $ 

 0.11 

 (1) 

 Excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms in 2012 and 2011, which are reflected in the Corporate and Other segment.

 2011 VS . 2010 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (43 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.07 

 ) 

 Other 

 10 

 0.02 

 FERC transmission equity return 

 44 

 0.07 

 Retail energy marketing operations 

 6 

 0.01 

 Storm damage and service restoration (1) 

 9 

 0.02 

 Other operations and maintenance expense (2) 

 28 

 0.04 

 Other 

 (1 

 ) 

 — 

 Share accretion 

 — 

 0.02 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 53 

 $ 

 0.11 

 (1) 

 Excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene which are reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. 

 (2) 

 Primarily reflects the 2010 implementation of cost containment measures including a workforce reduction program, and lower salaries and wages expenses.

 Dominion Generation 

 Presented below are operating statistics related to Dominion Generation’s operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 % Change 

 2011 

 % Change 

 2010 

 Electricity supplied (million MWh): 

 Utility 

 80.8 

 (2 

 )% 

 82.3 

 (3 

 )% 

 84.5 

 Merchant (1) 

 41.4 

 (4 

 ) 

 43.0 

 (9 

 ) 

 47.3 

 Degree days (electric utility service area): 

 Cooling 

 1,787 

 (6 

 ) 

 1,899 

 (9 

 ) 

 2,090 

 Heating 

 2,955 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,354 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,819 

 (1) 

 Includes 13.2, 17.3, and 22.7 million MWh for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively, related to Kewaunee, State Line, Salem
Harbor, Brayton Point, Kincaid, and Dominion’s 50% interest in Elwood. 

 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the
key factors impacting Dominion Generation’s net income contribution: 
 2012 VS . 2011 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Merchant generation margin 

 $ 

 (109 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.19 

 ) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 (78 

 ) 

 (0.14 

 ) 

 Other 

 46 

 0.08 

 Brayton Point, Kincaid and Elwood third and fourth quarter 2011
earnings (1) 

 7 

 0.01 

 Rate adjustment clause equity return 

 17 

 0.03 

 PJM ancillary services 

 (27 

 ) 

 (0.05 

 ) 

 Net capacity expenses 

 19 

 0.04 

 Outage costs 

 8 

 0.01 

 Other 

 23 

 0.05 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 (94 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.16 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Brayton Point’s, Kincaid’s and Elwood’s third and fourth quarter 2012 results of operations have been reflected in the Corporate and Other segment due
to Dominion’s decision, in the third quarter of 2012, to pursue the sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid, and its 50% interest in Elwood.

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

 2011 VS . 2010 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Merchant generation margin 

 $ 

 (278 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.48 

 ) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 (91 

 ) 

 (0.16 

 ) 

 Other 

 59 

 0.10 

 Rate adjustment clause equity return 

 30 

 0.05 

 Outage costs 

 (11 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Other operations and maintenance expenses (1) 

 72 

 0.13 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (7 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (18 

 ) 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 Kewaunee 2010 earnings (2) 

 (19 

 ) 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 Other 

 (32 

 ) 

 (0.06 

 ) 

 Share accretion 

 — 

 0.04 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 (295 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.46 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Primarily reflects the 2010 implementation of cost containment measures including a workforce reduction program, and lower salaries and wages expenses.

 (2) 

 Kewaunee’s 2011 results of operations have been reflected in the Corporate and Other segment due to Dominion’s decision, in the first quarter of 2011, to
pursue a sale of the power station. In 2012, Dominion decided to cease operations and begin decommissioning the facility in 2013. 

 Dominion Energy 
 Presented below are selected
operating statistics related to Dominion Energy’s operations. As discussed in Note 3, in April 2010 Dominion completed the sale of substantially all of its Appalachian E&P operations. As a result, production-related operating statistics for
the Dominion Energy segment are no longer significant. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 % Change 

 2011 

 % Change 

 2010 

 Gas distribution throughput (bcf): 

 Sales 

 26 

 (13 

 )% 

 30 

 (3 

 )% 

 31 

 Transportation 

 259 

 2 

 253 

 5 

 241 

 Heating degree days 

 4,986 

 (11 

 ) 

 5,584 

 (2 

 ) 

 5,682 

 Average gas distribution customer accounts
(thousands) (1) : 

 Sales 

 251 

 (2 

 ) 

 256 

 (2 

 ) 

 260 

 Transportation 

 1,044 

 — 

 1,040 

 — 

 1,042 

 (1) 

 Thirteen-month average. 

 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Energy’s net income contribution: 

 2012 VS . 2011 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (5 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Producer services margin 

 (13 

 ) 

 (0.02 

 ) 

 Gas transmission margin (1) 

 8 

 0.01 

 Gain from sale of assets to Blue Racer 

 43 

 0.08 

 Other 

 (3 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 0.05 

 (1) 

 Primarily reflects placing the Appalachian Gateway Project into service.

 2011 VS . 2010 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Amount 

 EPS 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Producer services margin 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 0.03 

 Gas transmission margin (1) 

 15 

 0.03 

 Other operations and maintenance expenses (2) 

 11 

 0.02 

 Gas distribution margin: 

 AMR and PIR revenue 

 9 

 0.02 

 Base gas sales 

 (4 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 E&P disposed operations 

 (17 

 ) 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 Other 

 14 

 0.02 

 Share accretion 

 — 

 0.03 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 46 

 $ 

 0.11 

 (1) 

 Primarily reflects an increase in revenue from NGLs. 

 (2) 

 Primarily reflects the 2010 implementation of cost containment measures including a workforce reduction program, and lower salaries and wages expenses.

 Corporate and Other 

 Presented below are the Corporate and Other segment’s after-tax results: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions, except EPS amounts) 

 Specific items attributable to operating segments 

 $ 

 (1,442 

 ) 

 $ 

 (340 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,042 

 Specific items attributable to Corporate and Other segment: 

 Peoples discontinued operations 

 — 

 — 

 (155 

 ) 

 Other 

 (5 

 ) 

 29 

 (22 

 ) 

 Total specific items 

 (1,447 

 ) 

 (311 

 ) 

 865 

 Other corporate operations 

 (235 

 ) 

 (271 

 ) 

 (243 

 ) 

 Total net benefit (expense) 

 $ 

 (1,682 

 ) 

 $ 

 (582 

 ) 

 $ 

 622 

 EPS impact 

 $ 

 (2.93 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 1.06 

 T OTAL S PECIFIC I TEMS 

 Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated
by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of these items. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 R ESULTS OF 
O PERATIONS 
 Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s consolidated results: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 $ Change 

 2011 

 $ Change 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Net Income 

 $ 

 1,050 

 $ 

 228 

 $ 

 822 

 $ 

 (30 

 ) 

 $ 

 852 

 Overview 
 2012
 VS . 2011 
 Net income increased by 28%. Favorable drivers include the absence of an impairment charge related to certain
coal-fired 

 38 

 Table of Contents 

power stations recorded in 2011, the impact of rate adjustment clauses, and the absence of restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene recorded in 2011. Unfavorable drivers
include the impact of less favorable weather and the restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms. 
 2011
 VS . 2010 
 Net income decreased by 4%, primarily reflecting less favorable weather, including Hurricane Irene, and an
impairment charge related to certain coal-fired power stations, partially offset by higher earnings from rate adjustment clauses and the absence of charges related to a workforce reduction program. 

 Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
 Presented
below are selected amounts related to Virginia Power’s results of operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 $ Change 

 2011 

 $ Change 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating Revenue 

 $ 

 7,226 

 $ 

 (20 

 ) 

 $ 

 7,246 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 7,219 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 2,368 

 (138 

 ) 

 2,506 

 11 

 2,495 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 386 

 (66 

 ) 

 452 

 3 

 449 

 Net Revenue 

 4,472 

 184 

 4,288 

 13 

 4,275 

 Other operations and maintenance 

 1,466 

 (277 

 ) 

 1,743 

 (2 

 ) 

 1,745 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 782 

 64 

 718 

 47 

 671 

 Other taxes 

 232 

 10 

 222 

 4 

 218 

 Other income 

 96 

 8 

 88 

 (12 

 ) 

 100 

 Interest and related charges 

 385 

 54 

 331 

 (16 

 ) 

 347 

 Income tax expense 

 653 

 113 

 540 

 (2 

 ) 

 542 

 An analysis of Virginia Power’s results of operations follows: 

 2012 VS . 2011 
 Net Revenue increased 4%, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 The impact of rate adjustment clauses ($138 million); 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of a charge recorded in 2011 based on the Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($81 million); and

 Ÿ 

 A decrease in net capacity expenses ($31 million); partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 The impact ($58 million) of a decrease in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a decrease in cooling and heating degree days ($184 million),
partially offset by an increase in sales due to the effect of favorable economic conditions on customer usage and other factors ($126 million). 

 Other operations and maintenance decreased 16%, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of an impairment charge recorded in 2011 related to certain coal-fired generating units ($228 million); and 

 Ÿ 

 The absence of restoration costs recorded in 2011 associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene ($96 million); partially offset by

 Ÿ 

 A $64 million increase in storm damage and service restoration costs primarily due to the damage caused by severe storms in 2012.

 Interest and related charges increased 16%, primarily due to the absence of the recognition of hedging gains into income in 2011, that had been deferred as regulatory liabilities, as a result of the Biennial Review Order.
 
 Income tax expense increased 21%, primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income in 2012. 
 2011 VS .
2010 
 Net Revenue 
increased $13 million, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 The impact of rate adjustment clauses ($169 million); and 

 Ÿ 

 A decrease in net capacity expenses ($44 million); partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 The impact ($120 million) of a decrease in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a decrease in heating and cooling degree days ($220 million),
partially offset by an increase in sales due to the effect of favorable economic conditions on customer usage and other factors ($100 million); and 

 Ÿ 

 A decrease due to a charge based on the Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($81 million). 

 Other operations and maintenance decreased $2 million, primarily reflecting: 

 Ÿ 

 A $267 million decrease in salaries, wages and benefits as well as certain administrative and general costs primarily due to a 2010 workforce reduction
program; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $54 million decrease in planned outage costs primarily due to fewer scheduled outage days at certain generation facilities; partially offset by

 Ÿ 

 A $228 million impairment charge related to certain coal-fired generating units; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $96 million increase due to restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene. 

 Other income decreased
12%, primarily due to a decrease in the equity component of AFUDC ($17 million), partially offset by an increase in amounts collectible from customers for taxes in connection with contributions in aid of construction ($5 million). 

 Outlook 
 Virginia Power expects to provide growth
in net income in 2013. Virginia Power’s anticipated 2013 results reflect the following significant factors: 

 Ÿ 

 A return to normal weather; 

 Ÿ 

 Growth in weather-normalized electric sales of approximately 2% resulting from the recovering economy and rising energy demand; and

 Ÿ 

 Construction and operation of growth projects and associated rate adjustment clause revenue; partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 Increases in certain operations and maintenance expense; and 

 Ÿ 

 An increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization. 

 On January 2, 2013, U.S. federal legislation was enacted that provides an extension of the 50 percent bonus depreciation allowance for qualifying capital expenditures incurred through 

 2013, as discussed in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial

 39 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

Statements. Virginia Power expects the bonus depreciation provisions to reduce income taxes otherwise payable, resulting in cash savings in 2013 and 2014 of approximately $200 million and $250
million, respectively. 
 S EGMENT R ESULTS OF O PERATIONS 

 Presented below is a summary of contributions by Virginia Power’s operating segments to net income: 

 Year Ended
December 31, 

 2012 

 $ Change 

 2011 

 $ Change 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 DVP 

 $ 

 448 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 426 

 $ 

 49 

 $ 

 377 

 Dominion Generation 

 653 

 (11 

 ) 

 664 

 34 

 630 

 Primary operating segments 

 1,101 

 11 

 1,090 

 83 

 1,007 

 Corporate and Other 

 (51 

 ) 

 217 

 (268 

 ) 

 (113 

 ) 

 (155 

 ) 

 Consolidated 

 $ 

 1,050 

 $ 

 228 

 $ 

 822 

 $ 

 (30 

 ) 

 $ 

 852 

 DVP 
 Presented
below are operating statistics related to Virginia Power’s DVP segment: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 % Change 

 2011 

 % Change 

 2010 

 Electricity delivered (million MWh) 

 80.8 

 (2 

 )% 

 82.3 

 (3 

 )% 

 84.5 

 Degree days (electric service area): 

 Cooling 

 1,787 

 (6 

 ) 

 1,899 

 (9 

 ) 

 2,090 

 Heating 

 2,955 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,354 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,819 

 Average electric distribution customer accounts (thousands) (1) 

 2,455 

 1 

 2,438 

 1 

 2,422 

 (1) 

 Thirteen-month average. 

 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting DVP’s net income contribution: 

 2012 VS . 2011 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (34 

 ) 

 Other 

 28 

 FERC transmission equity return 

 19 

 Storm damage and service restoration (1) 

 14 

 Other 

 (5 

 ) 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 22 

 (1) 

 Excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms in 2012 and 2011, which are reflected in the Corporate and Other segment.

 2011 VS . 2010 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 (millions) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (43 

 ) 

 Other 

 10 

 FERC transmission equity return 

 44 

 Storm damage and service restoration (1) 

 9 

 Other operations and maintenance expense (2) 

 28 

 Other 

 1 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 49 

 (1) 

 Excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene which are reflected in the Corporate and Other segment. 

 (2) 

 Primarily reflects the 2010 implementation of cost containment measures including a workforce reduction program, and lower salaries and wages expenses.

 Dominion Generation 

 Presented below are operating statistics related to Virginia Power’s Dominion Generation segment: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 % Change 

 2011 

 % Change 

 2010 

 Electricity supplied (million MWh) 

 80.8 

 (2 

 )% 

 82.3 

 (3 

 )% 

 84.5 

 Degree days (electric service area): 

 Cooling 

 1,787 

 (6 

 ) 

 1,899 

 (9 

 ) 

 2,090 

 Heating 

 2,955 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,354 

 (12 

 ) 

 3,819 

 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Generation’s net
income contribution: 
 2012 VS . 2011 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 (millions) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (78 

 ) 

 Other 

 46 

 Rate adjustment clause equity return 

 17 

 PJM ancillary services 

 (27 

 ) 

 Net capacity expenses 

 19 

 Other 

 12 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 (11 

 ) 

 2011 VS . 2010 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 (millions) 

 Regulated electric sales: 

 Weather 

 $ 

 (91 

 ) 

 Other 

 59 

 Rate adjustment clause equity return 

 30 

 Outage costs 

 33 

 Other 

 3 

 Change in net income contribution 

 $ 

 34 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 Corporate and Other 
 Presented below are the Corporate and Other segment’s after-tax results: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Specific items attributable to operating segments 

 $ 

 (51 

 ) 

 $ 

 (268 

 ) 

 $ 

 (153 

 ) 

 Other corporate operations 

 — 

 — 

 (2 

 ) 

 Total net expense 

 $ 

 (51 

 ) 

 $ 

 (268 

 ) 

 $ 

 (155 

 ) 

 S PECIFIC I TEMS A TTRIBUTABLE TO O PERATING 
S EGMENTS 
 Corporate and Other primarily includes specific items attributable to Virginia Power’s primary operating
segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of
these items. 
 S ELECTED I NFORMATION —E NERGY T RADING A CTIVITIES 
 
 Dominion engages in energy trading, marketing and hedging activities to complement its businesses and facilitate its price risk management
activities. As part of these operations, Dominion enters into contracts for purchases and sales of energy-related commodities, including electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products. Settlements of contracts may require physical
delivery of the underlying commodity or cash settlement. Dominion also enters into contracts with the objective of benefiting from changes in prices. For example, after entering into a contract to purchase a commodity, Dominion typically enters into
a sales contract, or a combination of sales contracts, with quantities and delivery or settlement terms that are identical or very similar to those of the purchase contract. When the purchase and sales contracts are settled either by physical
delivery of the underlying commodity or by net cash settlement, Dominion may receive a net cash margin (a realized gain), or may pay a net cash margin (a realized loss). Dominion continually monitors its contract positions, considering location and
timing of delivery or settlement for each energy commodity in relation to market price activity. 
 A summary of the changes in
the unrealized gains and losses recognized for Dominion’s energy-related derivative instruments held for trading purposes follows: 

 Amount 

 (millions) 

 Net unrealized gain at December 31, 2011 

 $ 

 20 

 Contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period 

 3 

 Change in unrealized gains and losses 

 55 

 Net unrealized gain at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 78 

 The balance of net unrealized gains and losses recognized for Dominion’s
energy-related derivative instruments held for trading purposes at December 31, 2012, is summarized in the following table based on the approach used to determine fair value: 

 Maturity Based on Contract Settlement or Delivery Date(s) 

 Sources of Fair Value 

 2013 

 2014—2015 

 2016—2017 

 2018
and
thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Prices actively quoted—Level 1 (1) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Prices provided by other external sources—Level
2 (2) 

 59 

 26 

 2 

 — 

 87 

 Prices based on models and other valuation methods—Level 3 (3) 

 1 

 (6 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 — 

 (9 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 60 

 $ 

 20 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 78 

 (1) 

 Values represent observable unadjusted quoted prices for traded instruments in active markets. 

 (2) 

 Values with inputs that are observable directly or indirectly for the instrument, but do not qualify for Level 1. 

 (3) 

 Values with a significant amount of inputs that are not observable for the instrument. 

 L IQUIDITY AND C APITAL R ESOURCES 

 Dominion and Virginia Power depend on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term debt
financings. Short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided by operations are generally satisfied with proceeds from short-term borrowings. Long-term cash needs are met through issuances of debt and/or equity securities. 

 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had $1.1 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities, including $256 million of unused
capacity under joint credit facilities available to Virginia Power. See additional discussion under Credit Facilities and Short-Term Debt . 
 The disposition of certain merchant generation facilities during 2012 and the expected sale or decommissioning of certain other merchant generation facilities in 2013 are not expected to negatively impact
Dominion’s liquidity. 
 A summary of Dominion’s cash flows is presented below: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 $ 

 102 

 $ 

 62 

 $ 

 50 

 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

 Operating activities 

 4,137 

 2,983 

 1,825 

 Investing activities 

 (3,840 

 ) 

 (3,321 

 ) 

 419 

 Financing activities 

 (151 

 ) 

 378 

 (2,232 

 ) 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 146 

 40 

 12 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 

 248 

 $ 

 102 

 $ 

 62 

 41 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

 A summary of Virginia Power’s cash flows is presented below: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 $ 

 29 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 19 

 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

 Operating activities 

 2,706 

 2,024 

 1,409 

 Investing activities 

 (2,282 

 ) 

 (1,947 

 ) 

 (2,425 

 ) 

 Financing activities 

 (425 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 1,002 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (1 

 ) 

 24 

 (14 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 

 28 

 $ 

 29 

 $ 

 5 

 Operating Cash Flows 

 In 2012, net cash provided by Dominion’s operating activities increased by approximately $1.2 billion, primarily due to higher deferred fuel cost
recoveries in its Virginia jurisdiction, lower margin collateral requirements, changes in other working capital items and income tax refunds in 2012 as compared to income tax payments in 2011. The increase was partially offset by lower merchant
generation margins and the impact of less favorable weather. 
 In 2012, net cash provided by Virginia Power’s operating
activities increased by $682 million, primarily due to higher deferred fuel cost recoveries in its Virginia jurisdiction and net changes in other working capital items, partially offset by income tax payments in 2012 as compared to income tax
refunds in 2011 and the impact of less favorable weather. 
 Dominion believes that its operations provide a stable source of
cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. In 2012, Dominion’s Board of Directors adopted a new dividend policy that raised its target payout ratio to 65-70%, and
established an annual dividend rate for 2013 of $2.25 per share of common stock, a 6.6% increase over the 2012 rate. Declarations of dividends are subject to further Board of Directors approval. Virginia Power believes that its operations provide a
stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and provide dividends to Dominion. 
 The
Companies’ operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors.

 C REDIT R ISK 
 Dominion’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management activities. Presented below is a summary of Dominion’s credit
exposure as of December 31, 2012 for these activities. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting
rights. 

 Gross
Credit
Exposure 

 Credit
Collateral 

 Net
Credit
Exposure 

 (millions) 

 Investment grade (1) 

 $ 

 281 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 281 

 Non-investment grade (2) 

 4 

 — 

 4 

 No external ratings: 

 Internally rated-investment grade (3) 

 113 

 — 

 113 

 Internally rated-non-investment grade (4) 

 114 

 — 

 114 

 Total 

 $ 

 512 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 512 

 (1) 

 Designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. The five largest counterparty
exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 28% of the total net credit exposure. 

 (2) 

 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 1% of the total net credit exposure. 

 (3) 

 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 13% of the total net credit exposure. 

 (4) 

 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 15% of the total net credit exposure. 

 Virginia Power’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from sales to wholesale customers and was not
considered material at December 31, 2012. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 In 2012, net cash used in Dominion’s investing activities increased by $519 million, primarily due to higher capital expenditures, mainly related to investments in growth projects, and lower
restricted cash reimbursements for the purpose of funding certain qualifying construction projects, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets, primarily related to Blue Racer, in 2012. 

 In 2012, net cash used in Virginia Power’s investing activities increased by $335 million, primarily due to higher capital
expenditures and lower restricted cash reimbursements for the purpose of funding certain qualifying construction projects. 
 Financing Cash Flows and
Liquidity 
 Dominion and Virginia Power rely on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by
cash provided by their operations. As discussed in Credit Ratings, the Companies’ ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. In addition, the raising of external
capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the SEC for certain issuances and, in the case of Virginia Power, approval by the Virginia Commission. 

 Each of the Companies currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules governing the registration,
communications and offering processes under the Securities Act of 1933. The rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. This allows the Companies to use automatic shelf
registra- 

 42 

 Table of Contents 

tion statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions. 

 In 2012, net cash used in Dominion’s financing activities was $151 million as compared to net cash provided by financing activities
of $378 million in 2011, primarily reflecting lower net debt issuances in 2012 as compared to 2011 as a result of higher cash flow from operations, partially offset by the absence of the repurchases of common stock recorded in 2011. 

 In 2012, net cash used in Virginia Power’s financing activities increased by $372 million, primarily reflecting lower net debt
issuances in 2012 as compared to 2011 as a result of higher cash flow from operations. 
 C REDIT F ACILITIES 
 AND S HORT -T ERM D EBT 
 Dominion and Virginia Power use short-term debt to fund
working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. The levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations.
In addition, Dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, Dominion’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.
 
 In connection with commodity hedging activities, the Companies are required to provide collateral to counterparties under some
circumstances. Under certain collateral arrangements, the Companies may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. From time to time, the Companies vary
the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. These factors include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, the spread over
these short-term rates at which the Companies can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives. 

 Dominion 
 Commercial paper and letters of
credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under credit facilities, were as follows: 

 December 31, 2012 

 Facility
Limit 

 Outstanding
Commercial
Paper 

 Outstanding
Letters of
Credit 

 Facility
Capacity
Available 

 (millions) 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 3,000 

 $ 

 2,412 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 588 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 500 

 — 

 26 

 474 

 Total 

 $ 

 3,500 

 $ 

 2,412 

 (3) 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 1,062 

 (1) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the
issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion of letters of credit. 

 (2) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date for $400 million of the $500 million in committed capacity of this credit facility was extended from September 2016 to
September 2017. The remaining $100 million continues to have a maturity date of September 2016. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances. 

 (3) 

 The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by Dominion’s credit facilities was 0.49% at December 31, 2012.

 Virginia Power 
 Virginia Power’s short-term financing is supported by two joint revolving credit facilities with Dominion. These credit facilities are being used for working capital, as support for the combined
commercial paper programs of Dominion and Virginia Power and for other general corporate purposes. 
 Virginia Power’s share
of commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as its capacity available under its joint credit facilities with Dominion, were as follows: 

 December 31, 2012 

 Facility
Sub-limit 

 Outstanding
Commercial
Paper 

 Outstanding
Letters of
Credit 

 Facility
Sub-limit
Capacity
Available 

 (millions) 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 1,000 

 $ 

 992 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 8 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 250 

 — 

 2 

 248 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,250 

 $ 

 992 

 (3) 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 256 

 (1) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the
issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) of letters of credit. Virginia Power’s current sub-limit under this credit facility can be increased or decreased multiple times per
year. 

 (2) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date for $400 million of the $500 million in committed capacity of this credit facility was extended from September 2016 to
September 2017. The remaining $100 million continues to have a maturity date of September 2016. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances. Virginia Power’s current sub-limit
under this credit facility can be increased or decreased multiple times per year. 

 (3) 

 The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by these credit facilities was 0.47% at December 31, 2012.

 In addition to the credit facility commitments mentioned above, Virginia Power also has a $120 million
credit facility. Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This facility supports certain tax-exempt financings of Virginia Power. 
 S HORT - TERM N OTES 
 In November and December
2012, Dominion issued $250 million and $150 million, respectively, of private placement short-term notes that mature in November 2013 and bear interest at a variable rate. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. 

 L ONG - TERM D EBT 
 During 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power issued the following long-term debt: 

 Type 

 Principal 

 Rate 

 Maturity 

 Issuing 

 Company 

 (millions) 

 Senior notes 

 $ 

 350 

 1.40 

 % 

 2017 

 Dominion 

 Senior notes 

 350 

 2.75 

 % 

 2022 

 Dominion 

 Senior notes 

 350 

 4.05 

 % 

 2042 

 Dominion 

 Senior notes 

 450 

 2.95 

 % 

 2022 

 Virginia Power 

 Total notes issued 

 $ 

 1,500 

 In December 2011, Virginia Power borrowed $75 million in connection with the Economic Development
Authority of the County of Chesterfield Pollution Control Refunding Revenue

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

Bonds, Series 2011 A, which mature in 2017 and bear interest during the initial period at a variable rate for the first five years, after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be
determined at that time, using a remarketing process. The proceeds were used to refund the principal amount of the Industrial Development Authority of the County of Chesterfield, Virginia Money Market Municipals TM Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, Series 1987 A and Series 1987 B
that would otherwise have matured in June 2017. 
 During 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power repaid and repurchased $1.7 billion
and $641 million, respectively, of long-term debt. 
 I SSUANCE OF C OMMON S TOCK 
 
 Dominion maintains Dominion Direct ® and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion’s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or
purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In January 2012, Dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock purchase plans. 
 During 2012, Dominion issued approximately 6.4 million shares of common stock through various programs. Dominion received cash proceeds of $265 million from the issuance of 5.3 million of such shares
through Dominion Direct, employee savings plans, and the exercise of employee stock options. 
 In January 2012, Dominion filed a
new SEC shelf registration for the sale of debt and equity securities including the ability to sell common stock through an at the market program. Dominion entered into four separate Sales Agency Agreements to effect sales under the
program. However, with the exception of issuing approximately $318 million in equity through employee savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans, converted securities and other employee and director benefit plans,
Dominion did not issue common stock in 2012. 
 In 2012, Virginia Power did not issue any shares of its common stock to Dominion.
 
 R EPURCHASE OF C OMMON S TOCK 

 Dominion did not repurchase any shares in 2012 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2013, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax
withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which do not count against its stock repurchase authorization. 

 B ORROWINGS F ROM P ARENT 
 Virginia Power has the ability to borrow funds from Dominion under both short-term and long-term borrowing arrangements. Virginia Power’s short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion were $243
million at December 31, 2012. There were no long-term borrowings from Dominion at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, Virginia Power’s nonregulated subsidiaries had outstanding borrowings, net of repayments, under the Dominion
money pool of $192 million. 
 Credit Ratings 
 Credit ratings are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.
Dominion and Virginia Power believe that their current

credit ratings provide sufficient access to the capital markets. However, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to Dominion and Virginia Power may affect their
ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s credit ratings may affect their liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting
requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which they are able to offer their debt securities. 
 Both
quantitative (financial strength) and qualitative (business or operating characteristics) factors are considered by the credit rating agencies in establishing an individual company’s credit rating. Credit ratings should be evaluated
independently and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. The credit ratings for Dominion and Virginia Power are affected by each company’s financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated
businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions. 
 Credit ratings as of February 22, 2013 follow: 

 Fitch 

 Moody’s 

 Standard 

 & Poor’s 

 Dominion 

 Senior unsecured debt securities 

 BBB+ 

 Baa2 

 A- 

 Junior subordinated debt securities 

 BBB- 

 Baa3 

 BBB 

 Enhanced junior subordinated notes 

 BBB- 

 Baa3 

 BBB 

 Commercial paper 

 F2 

 P-2 

 A-2 

 Virginia Power 

 Mortgage bonds 

 A 

 A1 

 A 

 Senior unsecured (including tax-exempt) debt securities 

 A- 

 A3 

 A- 

 Junior subordinated debt securities 

 BBB 

 Baa1 

 BBB 

 Preferred stock 

 BBB 

 Baa2 

 BBB 

 Commercial paper 

 F2 

 P-2 

 A-2 

 As of February 22, 2013, Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s maintained a stable
outlook for their respective ratings of Dominion and Virginia Power. 
 A downgrade in an individual company’s credit rating
would not necessarily restrict its ability to raise short-term and long-term financing as long as its credit rating remains investment grade, but it would likely increase the cost of borrowing. Dominion and Virginia Power work closely with Fitch,
Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s with the objective of maintaining their current credit ratings. The Companies may find it necessary to modify their business plans to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings and such changes
may adversely affect growth and EPS. 
 Debt Covenants 
 As part of borrowing funds and issuing debt (both short-term and long-term) or preferred securities, Dominion and Virginia Power must enter into enabling agreements. These agreements contain covenants
that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments;
and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. These provisions are customary, with

 44 

 Table of Contents 

each agreement specifying which covenants apply. These provisions are not necessarily unique to Dominion and Virginia Power. 

 Some of the typical covenants include: 

 Ÿ 

 The timely payment of principal and interest; 

 Ÿ 

 Information requirements, including submitting financial reports filed with the SEC and information about changes in Dominion’s and Virginia
Power’s credit ratings to lenders; 

 Ÿ 

 Performance obligations, audits/inspections, continuation of the basic nature of business, restrictions on certain matters related to merger or
consolidation, and restrictions on disposition of all or substantially all assets; 

 Ÿ 

 Compliance with collateral minimums or requirements related to mortgage bonds; and 

 Ÿ 

 Limitations on liens. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain their credit facilities. In addition, their credit agreements contain various terms and conditions that could affect
their ability to borrow under these facilities. They include maximum debt to total capital ratios and cross-default provisions. 

 As of December 31, 2012, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as
follows: 

 Company 

 Maximum Allowed Ratio 

 Actual 
Ratio (1) 

 Dominion 

 65 

 % 

 60 

 % 

 Virginia Power 

 65 

 % 

 46 

 % 

 (1) 

 Indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements excludes junior subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt or securities due within one year as well as AOCI
reflected as equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 These provisions apply separately to Dominion and
Virginia Power. 
 If Dominion or Virginia Power or any of either company’s material subsidiaries fails to make payment on
various debt obligations in excess of $100 million, the lenders could require that company to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and the lenders could terminate their commitment to lend funds to that
company. Accordingly, any default by Dominion will not affect the lenders’ commitment to Virginia Power. However, any default by Virginia Power would affect the lenders’ commitment to Dominion under the joint credit agreements. 

 Dominion executed RCCs in connection with its issuance of the following hybrid securities: 

 Ÿ 

 June 2006 hybrids; 

 Ÿ 

 September 2006 hybrids; and 

 Ÿ 

 June 2009 hybrids. 

 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for terms of the RCCs. 
 At
December 31, 2012, the termination dates and covered debt under the RCCs associated with Dominion’s hybrids were as follows: 

 Hybrid 

 RCC 

 Termination 
 Date 

 Designated Covered
Debt 
 Under RCC 

 June 2006 hybrids 

 6/30/2036 

 September 2006 hybrids 

 September 2006 hybrids 

 9/30/2036 

 June 2006 hybrids 

 June 2009 hybrids 

 6/15/2034 

 (1) 

 2008 Series B Senior
Notes, 7.0% due 2038 

 (1) 

 Automatically extended, as set forth in the RCC, for additional quarterly periods, to the extent the maturity date is extended. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power monitor the debt covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not occur. As of
December 31, 2012, there have been no events of default under or changes to Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s debt covenants. 

 Virginia Power Mortgage Supplement 
 Substantially
all of Virginia Power’s property is subject to the lien of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds. In July 2012, Virginia Power entered into a supplement to the indenture in order to amend various of its
terms and conditions and to incorporate certain new provisions. The supplement reduces Virginia Power’s overall compliance responsibilities associated with the indenture by limiting the maximum principal amount of bonds that may be
outstanding under the indenture to $10 million unless otherwise provided in a further supplement, and by modifying or eliminating altogether certain compliance requirements while there are no bonds outstanding. The supplement also provides
Virginia Power with flexibility to determine when or if certain newly or recently acquired properties will be pledged as collateral under the indenture. There were no bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2012; however, by leaving the
indenture open, Virginia Power expects to retain the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in the future. 
 Dividend Restrictions 

 The Virginia Commission may prohibit any public service company, including Virginia Power, from declaring or paying a dividend to an affiliate if found to
be detrimental to the public interest. At December 31, 2012, the Virginia Commission had not restricted the payment of dividends by Virginia Power. 
 Certain agreements associated with Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total capitalization. These limitations did not restrict
Dominion or Virginia Power’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from their subsidiaries at December 31, 2012. 
 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by Dominion in connection with the deferral of interest payments on junior
subordinated notes, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Future Cash Payments for Contractual Obligations and Planned Capital
Expenditures 
 C ONTRACTUAL O BLIGATIONS 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating them to make cash payments in future years. These contracts include financing arrangements such as debt agreements
and leases, as well as contracts for the purchase of goods and services and financial derivatives. Presented below is a table summarizing cash payments that may result from contracts to which Dominion and Virginia Power are parties as of
December 31, 2012. For purchase obligations and other liabilities, amounts are based upon contract terms, including fixed and minimum quantities to be purchased at fixed or market-based prices. Actual cash payments will be based upon
actual quantities purchased and prices paid and will likely differ from amounts

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

presented below. The table excludes all amounts classified as current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, other than current maturities of long-term debt, interest payable and certain
derivative instruments. The majority of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s current liabilities will be paid in cash in 2013. 

 Dominion 

 2013 

 2014-
2015 

 2016-
2017 

 2018 and
thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Long-term debt (1) 

 $ 

 2,200 

 $ 

 2,058 

 $ 

 2,790 

 $ 

 11,940 

 $ 

 18,988 

 Interest payments (2) 

 898 

 1,693 

 1,457 

 12,218 

 16,266 

 Leases (3) 

 79 

 136 

 118 

 161 

 494 

 Purchase obligations (4) : 

 Purchased electric capacity for utility operations 

 350 

 695 

 456 

 327 

 1,828 

 Fuel commitments for utility operations 

 716 

 778 

 265 

 259 

 2,018 

 Fuel commitments for nonregulated operations 

 254 

 258 

 116 

 187 

 815 

 Pipeline transportation and storage 

 131 

 174 

 96 

 366 

 767 

 Energy commodity purchases for resale (5) 

 79 

 32 

 29 

 146 

 286 

 Other (6) 

 469 

 56 

 7 

 21 

 553 

 Other long-term liabilities (7) : 

 Financial derivative-commodities (5) 

 48 

 29 

 3 

 — 

 80 

 Other contractual
obligations (8) 

 16 

 12 

 30 

 2 

 60 

 Total cash payments 

 $ 

 5,240 

 $ 

 5,921 

 $ 

 5,367 

 $ 

 25,627 

 $ 

 42,155 

 (1) 

 Based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders. 

 (2) 

 Includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. Interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or forward interest rate curve at December 31,
2012 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Does not reflect Dominion’s ability to defer interest payments on junior
subordinated notes. 

 (3) 

 Primarily consists of operating leases. 

 (4) 

 Amounts exclude open purchase orders for services that are provided on demand, the timing of which cannot be determined. 

 (5) 

 Represents the summation of settlement amounts, by contracts, due from Dominion if all physical or financial transactions among its counterparties and Dominion were
liquidated and terminated. 

 (6) 

 Includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments. 

 (7) 

 Excludes regulatory liabilities, AROs and employee benefit plan obligations, which are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. See Notes 12, 14 and 21 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $233 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax benefits are excluded. Deferred income taxes are also excluded
since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (8) 

 Includes interest rate swap agreements.

 Virginia Power 

 2013 

 2014-
2015 

 2016-
2017 

 2018 and
thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Long-term debt (1) 

 $ 

 418 

 $ 

 228 

 $ 

 1,155 

 $ 

 4,875 

 $ 

 6,676 

 Interest payments (2) 

 342 

 660 

 594 

 3,869 

 5,465 

 Leases (3) 

 26 

 43 

 26 

 26 

 121 

 Purchase obligations (4) : 

 Purchased electric capacity for utility operations 

 350 

 695 

 456 

 327 

 1,828 

 Fuel commitments for utility operations 

 716 

 778 

 265 

 259 

 2,018 

 Transportation and storage 

 27 

 52 

 40 

 197 

 316 

 Other (5) 

 302 

 29 

 4 

 12 

 347 

 Total cash
payments (6) 

 $ 

 2,181 

 $ 

 2,485 

 $ 

 2,540 

 $ 

 9,565 

 $ 

 16,771 

 (1) 

 Based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders. 

 (2) 

 Includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. Interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or forward interest rate curve at December 31,
2012 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (3) 

 Primarily consists of operating leases. 

 (4) 

 Amounts exclude open purchase orders for services that are provided on demand, the timing of which cannot be determined. 

 (5) 

 Includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments. 

 (6) 

 Excludes regulatory liabilities, AROs and employee benefit plan contributions that are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. See Notes 12, 14 and 21 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $57 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax benefits are excluded. Deferred income taxes are also excluded
since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 P LANNED C APITAL E XPENDITURES 
 Dominion’s
planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $4.7 billion, $4.2 billion and $3.3 billion in 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. Dominion’s expenditures are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation
and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, purchases of nuclear fuel and the buyout of the lease at Fairless in 2013. 

 Virginia Power’s planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $2.6 billion, $3.0 billion and $2.3 billion in
2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. Virginia Power’s expenditures are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets and
purchases of nuclear fuel. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power expect to fund their capital expenditures with cash from operations and
a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. Planned capital expenditures include capital projects that are subject to approval by regulators and the respective company’s Board of Directors. 

 Based on available generation capacity and current estimates of growth in customer demand, Virginia Power will need additional generation
in the future. See DVP, Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy-Properties in Item 1. Business for a discussion of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s expansion plans. 

 These estimates are based on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by Dominion’s Board of Directors in late

 46 

 Table of Contents 

2012 and are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. The Companies may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital
expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances. 
 Use of Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 G UARANTEES 
 Dominion
primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. These arrangements are not subject to the provisions of FASB guidance that dictate a guarantor’s accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees,
including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others . See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

 F UTURE I SSUES AND O THER M ATTERS 
 See Item 1. Business, Item 3. Legal Proceedings, and Notes 13 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other
matters that may impact future results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 
 Environmental Matters 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health
and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.
 
 E NVIRONMENTAL P ROTECTION AND M ONITORING E XPENDITURES 
 
 Dominion incurred approximately $189 million, $184 million and $228 million of expenses (including depreciation) during 2012, 2011, and
2010 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities and expects these expenses to be approximately $193 million and $181 million in 2013 and 2014, respectively. In addition, capital expenditures related to
environmental controls were $213 million, $403 million, and $351 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. These expenditures are expected to be approximately $75 million and $115 million for 2013 and 2014, respectively. 

 Virginia Power incurred approximately $120 million, $129 million and $144 million of expenses (including depreciation) during 2012, 2011
and 2010, respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities and expects these expenses to be approximately $148 million and $157 million in 2013 and 2014, respectively. In addition, capital expenditures related to
environmental controls were $34 million, $77 million and $101 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. These expenditures are expected to be approximately $20 million and $99 million for 2013 and 2014, respectively. 

 F UTURE E NVIRONMENTAL R EGULATIONS 
 Air 
 The CAA is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to
protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. At

a minimum, states are required to establish regulatory programs to address all requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many
of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s facilities are subject to the CAA’s permitting and other requirements. 
 In
December 2012, the EPA issued a final rule that set a more stringent annual air quality standard for fine particulate matter. The EPA is expected to complete final air quality designations by December 2014. States will have until 2020 to meet the
revised standard. The extent to which a revised particulate matter standard will impact Dominion is uncertain at this time, but is not expected to be material. 

 The EPA has finalized rules establishing a new 1-hour NAAQS for NO 2 and a new 1-hour NAAQS for SO 2 , which could require additional NO X and SO 2 controls in certain areas where the Companies operate. Until the states have developed implementation plans for these
standards, the impact on Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s facilities that emit NO X and SO 2 is
uncertain. 
 In January 2010, the EPA also proposed a new, more stringent NAAQS for ozone and had planned
to finalize the rule in 2011. In September 2011, the EPA announced a delay from 2011 to 2014 of the rulemaking, therefore
NO x controls that may have been required by the rulemaking
are also expected to be delayed. In the interim, the EPA is proceeding with implementation of the current ozone standard and made final attainment/nonattainment designations in May 2012. Several Dominion electric generating facilities are located in
areas impacted by this standard. Until the states have developed implementation plans for the new NO x , SO 2 and ozone
standards, it is not possible to determine the impact on Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s facilities that emit
NO X and SO 2 . The Companies cannot currently predict with certainty whether or
to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls, however, if significant expenditures are required, it could adversely affect Dominion’s results of operations, and Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s cash flows.
 
 In June 2005, the EPA finalized amendments to the Regional Haze Rule, also known as the Clean Air Visibility Rule. The rule
requires the states to implement Best Available Retrofit Technology requirements for sources to address impacts to visual air quality through regional haze state implementation plans, but allows other alternative options. The EPA is in the process
of completing rulemakings on regional haze state implementation plans. Although Dominion and Virginia Power anticipate that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other CAA-required programs will generally address this rule,
additional emission reduction requirements may be imposed on the Companies’ facilities. 
 Water 

 The CWA is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface
waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. Dominion and Virginia Power must comply with all aspects of the CWA programs at their operating facilities. In July 2004, the EPA published regulations under CWA Section 316(b) that govern existing
utilities that employ a cooling water intake structure and that have flow levels exceeding a minimum threshold. In April 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court granted an industry

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

request to review the question of whether Section 316(b) authorizes the EPA to compare costs with benefits in determining the best technology available for minimizing “adverse
environmental impact” at cooling water intake structures. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in April 2009 that the EPA has the authority to consider costs versus environmental benefits in selecting the best technology available for reducing impacts
of cooling water intakes at power stations. It is currently unknown how the EPA will interpret the ruling in its ongoing rulemaking activity addressing cooling water intakes as well as how the states will implement this decision. In April 2011, the
EPA published the proposed rule related to Section 316(b) in the Federal Register, and agreed to publish a final rule no later than July 27, 2012. In July 2012, the EPA announced a delay to no later than June 27, 2013 of its impending
rulemaking related to Section 316(b). 
 The rule in its proposed form seeks to establish a uniform national standard for
impingement, but forgoes the creation of a single technology standard for entrainment. Instead, the EPA proposes to delegate entrainment technology decisions to state regulators. State regulators are to make case-by-case entrainment technology
determinations after an examination of nine facility-specific factors, including a social cost-benefit test. 
 The proposed rule
governs all electric generating stations with water withdrawals above two MGD, with a heightened entrainment analysis for those facilities over 125 MGD. Under this proposal, Dominion has 16 facilities that may be subject to these proposed
regulations. If finalized as proposed, Dominion anticipates that it will have to install impingement control technologies at many of these stations that have once-through cooling systems. Dominion and Virginia Power cannot estimate the need or
potential for entrainment controls under the proposed rule as these decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis after a thorough review of detailed biological, technology, cost and benefit studies. However, the impacts of this proposed rule may
be material to the results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 Solid and Hazardous Waste 

 In June 2010, the EPA proposed federal regulations under the RCRA for management of coal combustion by-products generated by power plants. The EPA is
considering two possible options for the regulation of coal combustion by-products, both of which fall under the RCRA. Under the first proposal, the EPA would classify these by-products as special wastes subject to regulation under subtitle C, the
hazardous waste provisions of the RCRA, when destined for disposal at landfills or surface impoundments. Under the second proposal, the EPA would regulate coal combustion by-products under subtitle D of the RCRA, the section for non-hazardous
wastes. While the Companies cannot currently predict the outcome of this matter, regulation under either option will affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s onsite disposal facilities and coal combustion by-product management practices, and
potentially require material investments. 
 Climate Change Legislation and Regulation 

 In December 2009, the EPA issued their Final Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases under Section 202(a) of the
Clean Air Act , finding that GHGs “endanger

both the public health and the public welfare of current and future generations.” On April 1, 2010, the EPA and the Department of Transportation’s National Highway Safety
Administration announced a joint final rule establishing a program that will dramatically reduce GHG emissions and improve fuel economy for new cars and trucks sold in the United States. These rules took effect in January 2011 and established GHG
emissions as regulated pollutants under the CAA. 
 In May 2010, the EPA issued the Final Prevention of Significant
Deterioration and Title V Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule that, combined with prior actions, require Dominion and Virginia Power to obtain permits for GHG emissions for new and modified facilities over certain size thresholds, and meet best
available control technology for GHG emissions. The EPA has issued draft guidance for GHG permitting, including best available control technology. 
 In April 2012, the EPA published proposed NSPS for GHG emissions for new electric generating units. This proposed rule sets national emission standards for new coal, oil, integrated gasification combined
cycle, and combined cycle units larger than 25MW. The rule, which is expected to be finalized in the Spring of 2013, covers
CO 2 only and does not apply to existing sources. New natural
gas combined cycle units, including Brunswick County, are expected to be able to meet this standard. The rule also does not apply to any new or existing simple cycle combustion turbine units or biomass units. The schedule for a final rulemaking
governing a GHG NSPS for existing sources is uncertain. 
 There are other legislative proposals that may be considered that
would have an indirect impact on GHG emissions. There is the potential for the U.S. Congress to consider a mandatory Clean Energy Standard. In addition to possible federal action, some regions and states in which Dominion and Virginia Power operate
have already adopted or may adopt GHG emission reduction programs. Any of these new or contemplated regulations may affect capital costs, or create significant permitting delays, for new or modified facilities that emit GHGs. 

 In July 2008, Massachusetts passed the GWSA. Among other provisions, the GWSA sets economy-wide GHG emissions reduction goals for
Massachusetts, including reductions of 25% below 1990 levels by 2020, interim goals for 2030 and 2040 and reductions of 80% below 1990 levels by 2050. No regulations impacting Dominion under the GWSA have been proposed. Dominion operates Brayton
Point in Massachusetts and acts as a retail electric supplier in Massachusetts, which are subject to the implementation of the GWSA. 
 In December 2009, the governors of 11 Northeast and mid-Atlantic states, including Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island (RGGI states plus Pennsylvania) signed a
memorandum of understanding committing their states toward developing a low carbon fuel standard to reduce GHG emissions from vehicles. The memorandum of understanding established a process to develop a regional framework by 2011 and examine the
economic impacts of a low carbon fuel standard program. Although economic studies and policy options were examined in 2011, a definitive framework has yet to be established.

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives,
or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging
transactions from these clearing and exchange trading requirements. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable
regulators. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs,
including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the over-the-counter derivative provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ swap counterparties could result
in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. Due to the ongoing rulemaking process, the Companies are currently unable to assess the potential impact of the Dodd-Frank Act’s derivative-related provisions on their
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Cove Point Export Project 
 Dominion is pursuing a liquefaction project at Cove Point, which would enable the facility to liquefy domestically-produced natural gas and export it as LNG. The project, which is expected to cost between
approximately $3.4 billion and $3.8 billion, exclusive of financing costs, has a planned capacity of approximately 750 million cubic feet per day on the inlet and approximately 4.5 to 5 million metric tons per annum on the outlet. In 2011,
Cove Point requested authorization from the DOE to export LNG to countries that have a free trade agreement requiring trade in natural gas with the U.S. as well as countries that do not have such a free trade agreement. In October 2011, Cove Point
received authorization from the DOE to export LNG to free trade agreement countries and Cove Point expects to receive authorization from the DOE to export LNG to non-free trade agreement countries in 2013. In June 2012, FERC approved Cove
Point’s request to initiate the pre-filing process under which environmental review for the project commenced. Approval of the project could take up to two years from the pre-filing approval date. 

 In March 2012, Cove Point entered into precedent agreements with two major companies, one of which is Sumitomo Corporation, pursuant to
which Cove Point would provide liquefaction, storage and loading services but would not own or directly export the LNG. In October 2012, Cove Point and the unnamed company terminated their precedent agreement by mutual consent. In December
2012, Cove Point entered into a 20-year terminal services agreement with Pacific Summit Energy LLC, a U.S. subsidiary of Sumitomo Corporation, for half of the planned project capacity. The agreement contains final terms subject to certain conditions
precedent which include conditions related to customer contracting. Cove Point is in active negotiations with a company for a definitive terminal services agreement for the remaining half of the planned project capacity.

 In May 2012, in response to claims by the Sierra Club, Cove Point filed a complaint for
declaratory judgment to confirm its right to construct the project. In January 2013, a Maryland circuit court issued declaratory judgment confirming Cove Point’s right to build liquefaction facilities. In February 2013, the Sierra Club filed a
notice of appeal with the Maryland Court of Special Appeals. 
 Subject to a final decision on pursuing the project, execution of
binding terminal service agreements, receipt of regulatory and other approvals, and successful completion of engineering studies, construction of liquefaction facilities could begin in 2014 with an in-service date in 2017. 

 Cove Point Re-Export Project 
 In August 2011, Cove
Point filed an application with the DOE seeking blanket authority to re-export up to the equivalent of 150 bcf of foreign-sourced LNG from the Cove Point terminal over a two-year period. In January 2012, the DOE conditionally approved Cove
Point’s application. Due to lack of customer interest in re-export, Cove Point made no filings with FERC and the DOE re-export authorization automatically terminated in January 2013. 
 Regulation Act Legislation 
 In January 2013, legislation was introduced in the Virginia General
Assembly which would amend the Regulation Act. The legislation passed the Virginia House of Delegates and the Senate of Virginia and was signed into law by the governor in February 2013. Among other things the amendments eliminate the 50 basis
points RPS ROE incentive prospectively, as well as the new generation ROE incentives for future projects, except for nuclear and offshore wind projects, which instead are reduced from the current 200 basis points ROE incentive to 100 basis points.
ROE incentives for previously approved, as well as filed for but unconstructed projects, remain in place. In addition, the performance incentive provision of the Regulation Act, authorizing the Virginia Commission to increase or decrease a
utility’s authorized ROE by up to 100 basis points based on operating comparisons with certain nationally recognized standards, is removed and the Virginia Commission has the discretion to increase or decrease a utility’s authorized ROE
based on commission precedent that existed prior to the enactment of the Regulation Act. The legislation includes changes to the earnings test parameters defined by the Regulation Act to allow for a wider band of 70 basis points above and below the
authorized ROE in determining whether a utility’s earned ROE is either insufficient or excessive beginning with the biennial review for 2013-2014 to be filed in 2015. Additionally, if a utility is deemed to have over-earned, the customer refund
share of excess earnings increases to 70% from the current 60% level beginning with the biennial review for 2013-2014 to be filed in 2015. The legislation also provides guidance to the Virginia Commission on rate-making treatment for severe weather
events and natural disasters and for asset impairments related to early retirements of utility generation plants, for which the decision to retire was made before December 31, 2012. This guidance on rate-making treatment applies to Virginia
Power’s upcoming biennial review for 2011-2012 to be filed in 2013. Additionally, the provision in the Regulation Act requiring the Virginia Commission to combine transmission-related rider costs with base rates is eliminated and the
transmission costs will con- 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

tinue to be segregated and recovered separately. The legislation requires a utility seeking approval to construct a generating facility to demonstrate that it has considered and weighed
alternative options in its selection process. 
 Virginia Offshore Wind Lease 
 In March 2012, Virginia Power filed a notice with BOEM of its interest in obtaining leases off the Virginia coast in an area sufficient for construction of offshore wind turbines having the potential
to generate approximately 1,500-2,000 MW of electricity or enough electricity to serve approximately 500,000 homes at peak demand. In December 2012, BOEM announced that it would auction approximately 113,000 acres off the Virginia coast as a single
lease in 2013. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 The matters discussed in this Item may contain “forward-looking statements” as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7.
MD&A. The reader’s attention is directed to those paragraphs and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and uncertainties that may impact Dominion and Virginia Power. 

 M ARKET R ISK S ENSITIVE I NSTRUMENTS AND R ISK M ANAGEMENT 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial instruments, commodity contracts and related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential
losses due to adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity security prices as described below. Commodity price risk is present in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s electric operations, Dominion’s gas procurement
operations, and Dominion’s energy marketing and trading operations due to the exposure to market shifts in prices received and paid for electricity, natural gas and other commodities. The Companies use commodity derivative contracts to manage
price risk exposures for these operations. Interest rate risk is generally related to their outstanding debt. In addition, they are exposed to investment price risk through various portfolios of equity and debt securities. 

 The following sensitivity analysis estimates the potential loss of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instruments
over a selected time period due to a 10% unfavorable change in commodity prices or interest rates. 
 Commodity Price Risk 

 To manage price risk, Dominion and Virginia Power primarily hold commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated
with purchases and sales of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products. As part of its strategy to market energy and to manage related risks, Dominion also holds commodity-based financial derivative instruments for trading purposes.
 
 The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are executed within established policies and procedures and may include
instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, options and FTRs that are sensitive to changes in the related commodity prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change

in market prices of commodity-based financial derivative instruments is determined based on models that consider the market prices of commodities in future periods, the volatility of the market
prices in each period, as well as the time value factors of the derivative instruments. Prices and volatility are principally determined based on observable market prices. 
 A hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in commodity prices of Dominion’s non-trading commodity-based financial derivative instruments would have resulted in a decrease in fair value of approximately
$128 million and $179 million as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. A hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in commodity prices of Dominion’s commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for trading purposes would
have resulted in a decrease in fair value of approximately $18 million and $8 million as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 A hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in commodity prices would not have resulted in a material change in the fair value of Virginia Power’s non-trading commodity-based financial derivatives as of
December 31, 2012 or 2011. 
 The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on Dominion’s and Virginia
Power’s non-trading commodity-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net losses from commodity derivative
instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction, such as revenue from physical sales of the commodity. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Dominion and Virginia Power manage their interest rate risk exposure
predominantly by maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. They also enter into interest rate sensitive derivatives, including interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements. For variable rate debt and interest rate swaps
designated under fair value hedging and outstanding for Dominion and Virginia Power, a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would not have resulted in a material change in annual earnings as of December 31, 2012 or 2011.
 
 Dominion and Virginia Power may also use forward-starting interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements as
anticipatory hedges. As of December 31, 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power had $1.8 billion and $750 million, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market
interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $21 million and $9 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2012. As of December 31,
2011, Dominion and Virginia Power had $2.3 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease
of approximately $31 million and $15 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2011. 
 The impact of a change in interest rates on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the

 50 

 Table of Contents 

results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will
generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction. 
 Investment Price Risk 
 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to investment price risk due to securities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust funds that are managed by third-party investment managers.
These trust funds primarily hold marketable securities that are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. 

 Dominion recognized net realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of $126
million and $54 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. In 2012 and 2011, Dominion recorded, in AOCI and
regulatory liabilities, a net increase in unrealized gains on these investments of $210 million and $52 million, respectively. 

 Virginia Power recognized net realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust investments of $53 million and
$24 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. In 2012 and 2011, Virginia Power recorded, in AOCI and
regulatory liabilities, a net increase in unrealized gains on these investments of $89 million and $25 million, respectively. 

 Dominion sponsors pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans that hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit
payments. Virginia Power employees participate in these plans. Aggregate actual returns for Dominion’s pension and other postretirement plan assets were $743 million in 2012

and $273 million in 2011, versus expected returns of $509 million and $519 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized
during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the periodic cost recognized for employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be
contributed to the employee benefit plans. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, a hypothetical 0.25% decrease in the assumed long-term rates of return on Dominion’s plan assets would result in an increase in net periodic cost of
approximately $13 million for pension benefits and $3 million for other postretirement benefits. 
 Risk Management Policies 

 Dominion and Virginia Power have established operating procedures with corporate management to ensure that proper internal controls are maintained. In
addition, Dominion has established an independent function at the corporate level to monitor compliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies of all subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Dominion maintains credit policies that
include the evaluation of a prospective counterparty’s financial condition, collateral requirements where deemed necessary and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty.
In addition, Dominion also monitors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s December 31, 2012 provision for credit losses,
management believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance.

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Page No. 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 53 

 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 54 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and for the years then
ended 

 55 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 56 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and for the years then
ended 

 58 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 59 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 60 

 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 61 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income at December 
31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and for the years then ended 

 62 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 63 

 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder’s Equity at December 
31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and for the years then ended 

 65 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 66 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 67 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

 R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Richmond, Virginia 
 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion”) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of Dominion’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on Dominion’s internal control over
financial reporting. 
 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 27, 2013 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 (1) 

 2010 (1) 

 (millions, except per share amounts) 

 Operating Revenue 

 $ 

 13,093 

 $ 

 14,145 

 $ 

 14,927 

 Operating Expenses 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 3,748 

 4,097 

 4,034 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 387 

 454 

 453 

 Purchased gas 

 1,177 

 1,764 

 2,049 

 Other operations and maintenance (2) 

 4,868 

 3,322 

 3,448 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 1,186 

 1,066 

 1,035 

 Other taxes 

 571 

 548 

 524 

 Total operating expenses 

 11,937 

 11,251 

 11,543 

 Gain on sale of Appalachian E&P operations 

 — 

 — 

 2,467 

 Income from operations 

 1,156 

 2,894 

 5,851 

 Other income 

 223 

 178 

 170 

 Interest and related charges 

 882 

 867 

 826 

 Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests before income taxes 

 497 

 2,205 

 5,195 

 Income tax expense 

 146 

 754 

 2,112 

 Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests 

 351 

 1,451 

 3,083 

 Loss from discontinued operations (3) 

 (22 

 ) 

 (25 

 ) 

 (258 

 ) 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 329 

 1,426 

 2,825 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 27 

 18 

 17 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 302 

 1,408 

 2,808 

 Amounts attributable to Dominion: 

 Income from continuing operations, net of tax 

 324 

 1,433 

 3,066 

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (22 

 ) 

 (25 

 ) 

 (258 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 302 

 1,408 

 2,808 

 Earnings Per Common Share-Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 0.57 

 $ 

 2.50 

 $ 

 5.21 

 Loss from discontinued operations 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.44 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 $ 

 0.53 

 $ 

 2.46 

 $ 

 4.77 

 Earnings Per Common Share-Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 0.57 

 $ 

 2.49 

 $ 

 5.20 

 Loss from discontinued operations 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.44 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 $ 

 0.53 

 $ 

 2.45 

 $ 

 4.76 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 $ 

 2.11 

 $ 

 1.97 

 $ 

 1.83 

 (1) 

 Recast to reflect Salem Harbor and State Line as discontinued operations as described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. EPS amounts reflect the per
share impact of the recast. 

 (2) 

 For 2012, includes impairment and other charges of $2.1 billion related to Brayton Point, Kincaid and Kewaunee. See Note 6 for additional information.

 (3) 

 Includes income tax benefit of $27 million, $9 million, and $34 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 $ 

 329 

 $ 

 1,426 

 $ 

 2,825 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 

 Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $5, $48 and $(52) tax 

 (8 

 ) 

 (67 

 ) 

 84 

 Changes in unrealized net gains on investment securities, net of $(68), $(7) and $(54) tax 

 108 

 11 

 89 

 Changes in net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of $209, $147 and $40 tax 

 (330 

 ) 

 (231 

 ) 

 (18 

 ) 

 Amounts reclassified to net income: 

 Net derivative (gains)-hedging activities, net of $34, $28 and $193 tax 

 (60 

 ) 

 (38 

 ) 

 (314 

 ) 

 Net realized (gains) losses on investment securities, net of $16, $(4) and $9 tax 

 (25 

 ) 

 6 

 (14 

 ) 

 Net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of $(32), $(25) and $(38)
tax 

 48 

 39 

 54 

 Total other comprehensive loss 

 (267 

 ) 

 (280 

 ) 

 (119 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests 

 62 

 1,146 

 2,706 

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 27 

 18 

 17 

 Comprehensive income attributable to Dominion 

 $ 

 35 

 $ 

 1,128 

 $ 

 2,689 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 A SSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 248 

 $ 

 102 

 Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $28 and $29) 

 1,621 

 1,780 

 Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $4 and $8) 

 96 

 255 

 Inventories: 

 Materials and supplies 

 684 

 641 

 Fossil fuel 

 467 

 541 

 Gas stored 

 108 

 166 

 Derivative assets 

 518 

 705 

 Regulatory assets 

 203 

 541 

 Prepayments 

 326 

 262 

 Deferred income taxes 

 573 

 9 

 Other 

 296 

 428 

 Total current assets 

 5,140 

 5,430 

 Investments 

 Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 

 3,330 

 2,999 

 Investment in equity method affiliates 

 558 

 553 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 33 

 141 

 Other 

 270 

 292 

 Total investments 

 4,191 

 3,985 

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 43,364 

 42,033 

 Property, plant and equipment, VIE 

 957 

 957 

 Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 (13,548 

 ) 

 (13,320 

 ) 

 Total property, plant and equipment, net 

 30,773 

 29,670 

 Deferred Charges and Other Assets 

 Goodwill 

 3,130 

 3,141 

 Pension and other postretirement benefit assets 

 702 

 681 

 Intangible assets 

 536 

 637 

 Regulatory assets 

 1,717 

 1,382 

 Other 

 649 

 688 

 Total deferred charges and other assets 

 6,734 

 6,529 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 46,838 

 $ 

 45,614 

 56 

 Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 L IABILITIES AND E QUITY 

 Current Liabilities 

 Securities due within one year 

 $ 

 1,363 

 $ 

 1,479 

 Securities due within one year, VIE 

 860 

 — 

 Short-term debt 

 2,412 

 1,814 

 Accounts payable 

 1,137 

 1,250 

 Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

 636 

 648 

 Derivative liabilities 

 510 

 951 

 Regulatory liabilities 

 136 

 243 

 Other 

 709 

 577 

 Total current liabilities 

 7,763 

 6,962 

 Long-Term Debt 

 Long-term debt 

 15,478 

 14,785 

 Long-term debt, VIE 

 — 

 890 

 Junior subordinated notes 

 1,373 

 1,719 

 Total long-term debt 

 16,851 

 17,394 

 Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 

 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

 5,800 

 5,216 

 Asset retirement obligations 

 1,641 

 1,383 

 Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities 

 1,831 

 962 

 Regulatory liabilities 

 1,514 

 1,324 

 Other 

 556 

 613 

 Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

 11,342 

 9,498 

 Total liabilities 

 35,956 

 33,854 

 Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 22) 

 Subsidiary Preferred Stock Not Subject To Mandatory Redemption 

 257 

 257 

 Equity 

 Common stock-no
par (1) 

 5,493 

 5,180 

 Other paid-in capital 

 162 

 179 

 Retained earnings 

 5,790 

 6,697 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (877 

 ) 

 (610 

 ) 

 Total common shareholders’ equity 

 10,568 

 11,446 

 Noncontrolling interest 

 57 

 57 

 Total equity 

 10,625 

 11,503 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 46,838 

 $ 

 45,614 

 (1) 

 1 billion shares authorized; 576 million shares and 570 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 57 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 Common Stock 

 Dominion Shareholders 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Other
Paid-In
Capital 

 Retained
Earnings 

 Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 Total Common
Shareholders’
Equity 

 Noncontrolling
Interests 

 Total
Equity 

 (millions) 

 December 31, 2009 

 599 

 $ 

 6,525 

 $ 

 185 

 $ 

 4,686 

 $ 

 (211 

 ) 

 $ 

 11,185 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 11,185 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 2,825 

 2,825 

 2,825 

 Issuance of stock-employee and direct stock purchase plans 

 1 

 10 

 10 

 10 

 Stock awards and stock options exercised (net of change in unearned compensation) 

 2 

 80 

 80 

 80 

 Stock repurchases 

 (21 

 ) 

 (900 

 ) 

 (900 

 ) 

 (900 

 ) 

 Tax benefit from stock awards and stock options exercised 

 9 

 9 

 9 

 Dividends (1) 

 (1,093 

 ) 

 (1,093 

 ) 

 (1,093 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

 (119 

 ) 

 (119 

 ) 

 (119 

 ) 

 December 31, 2010 

 581 

 5,715 

 194 

 6,418 

 (330 

 ) 

 11,997 

 — 

 11,997 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 1,425 

 1,425 

 1 

 1,426 

 Consolidation of noncontrolling interests (2) 

 — 

 61 

 61 

 Stock awards and stock options exercised (net of change in unearned compensation) 

 1 

 49 

 49 

 49 

 Stock repurchases 

 (13 

 ) 

 (601 

 ) 

 (601 

 ) 

 (601 

 ) 

 Other stock
issuances (3) 

 1 

 17 

 (17 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Tax benefit from stock awards and stock options exercised 

 2 

 2 

 2 

 Dividends 

 (1,146 

 ) (1) 

 (1,146 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 (1,151 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

 (280 

 ) 

 (280 

 ) 

 (280 

 ) 

 December 31, 2011 

 570 

 5,180 

 179 

 6,697 

 (610 

 ) 

 11,446 

 57 

 11,503 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 318 

 318 

 11 

 329 

 Issuance of stock-employee and direct stock purchase plans 

 4 

 246 

 246 

 246 

 Stock awards and stock options exercised (net of change in unearned compensation) 

 1 

 26 

 26 

 26 

 Other stock
issuances (3) 

 1 

 41 

 (27 

 ) 

 14 

 14 

 Tax benefit from stock awards and stock options exercised 

 10 

 10 

 10 

 Dividends 

 (1,225 

 ) (1) 

 (1,225 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 (1,236 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

 (267 

 ) 

 (267 

 ) 

 (267 

 ) 

 December 31, 2012 

 576 

 $ 

 5,493 

 $ 

 162 

 $ 

 5,790 

 $ 

 (877 

 ) 

 $ 

 10,568 

 $ 

 57 

 $ 

 10,625 

 (1) 

 Includes subsidiary preferred dividends related to noncontrolling interests of $16 million in 2012 and $17 million in 2011 and 2010. 

 (2) 

 See Note 15 for consolidation of a VIE in October 2011. 

 (3) 

 Contains shares issued in excess of principal amounts related to converted securities. See Note 17 for further information on convertible securities.

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating Activities 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 $ 

 329 

 $ 

 1,426 

 $ 

 2,825 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Gain from sale of Appalachian E&P operations 

 — 

 — 

 (2,467 

 ) 

 Loss from sale of Peoples 

 — 

 — 

 113 

 Impairment of generation assets (including discontinued operations) 

 2,089 

 283 

 194 

 Net reserves (payments) related to rate refunds 

 (151 

 ) 

 3 

 (500 

 ) 

 Contributions to pension plans 

 — 

 — 

 (650 

 ) 

 Charges (payments) related to workforce reduction program 

 (9 

 ) 

 (115 

 ) 

 229 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 

 1,443 

 1,288 

 1,258 

 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

 246 

 756 

 682 

 Gain on the sale of assets to Blue Racer 

 (81 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Other adjustments 

 (155 

 ) 

 (92 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 Changes in: 

 Accounts receivable 

 292 

 365 

 (60 

 ) 

 Inventories 

 33 

 (185 

 ) 

 35 

 Deferred fuel and purchased gas costs, net 

 368 

 (3 

 ) 

 (246 

 ) 

 Prepayments 

 (85 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 139 

 Accounts payable 

 (61 

 ) 

 (413 

 ) 

 119 

 Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

 (12 

 ) 

 (216 

 ) 

 166 

 Other operating assets and liabilities 

 (109 

 ) 

 (95 

 ) 

 28 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 4,137 

 2,983 

 1,825 

 Investing Activities 

 Plant construction and other property additions (including nuclear fuel) 

 (4,145 

 ) 

 (3,652 

 ) 

 (3,422 

 ) 

 Proceeds from sale of Appalachian E&P operations 

 — 

 — 

 3,450 

 Proceeds from sale of Peoples 

 — 

 — 

 741 

 Proceeds from sales of securities 

 1,356 

 1,757 

 2,814 

 Purchases of securities 

 (1,392 

 ) 

 (1,824 

 ) 

 (2,851 

 ) 

 Proceeds from Blue Racer 

 115 

 — 

 — 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 108 

 259 

 (396 

 ) 

 Other 

 118 

 139 

 83 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (3,840 

 ) 

 (3,321 

 ) 

 419 

 Financing Activities 

 Issuance of short-term debt, net 

 598 

 429 

 91 

 Issuance of short-term notes 

 400 

 — 

 — 

 Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 

 1,500 

 2,320 

 1,090 

 Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt 

 (1,675 

 ) 

 (637 

 ) 

 (1,492 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock 

 265 

 38 

 74 

 Repurchase of common stock 

 — 

 (601 

 ) 

 (900 

 ) 

 Common dividend payments 

 (1,209 

 ) 

 (1,129 

 ) 

 (1,076 

 ) 

 Subsidiary preferred dividend payments 

 (16 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Other 

 (14 

 ) 

 (25 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (151 

 ) 

 378 

 (2,232 

 ) 

 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 146 

 40 

 12 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 102 

 62 

 50 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 

 248 

 $ 

 102 

 $ 

 62 

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

 Cash paid (received) during the year for: 

 Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 

 $ 

 913 

 $ 

 920 

 $ 

 894 

 Income taxes 

 (58 

 ) 

 166 

 991 

 Significant noncash investing and financing activities: 

 Accrued capital expenditures 

 388 

 328 

 240 

 Consolidation of VIE—assets at fair value 

 — 

 957 

 — 

 Consolidation of VIE—debt 

 — 

 896 

 — 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of
 
 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Richmond, Virginia 
 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virginia Electric and Power Company (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc.) and subsidiaries (“Virginia Power”) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, common shareholder’s equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of Virginia Power’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. Virginia Power is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial
reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Virginia Power’s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Virginia Electric and Power Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012
and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Richmond,
Virginia 
 February 27, 2013 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating Revenue 

 $ 

 7,226 

 $ 

 7,246 

 $ 

 7,219 

 Operating Expenses 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 2,368 

 2,506 

 2,495 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 386 

 452 

 449 

 Other operations and maintenance: 

 Affiliated suppliers 

 305 

 306 

 384 

 Other 

 1,161 

 1,437 

 1,361 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 782 

 718 

 671 

 Other taxes 

 232 

 222 

 218 

 Total operating expenses 

 5,234 

 5,641 

 5,578 

 Income from operations 

 1,992 

 1,605 

 1,641 

 Other income 

 96 

 88 

 100 

 Interest and related charges 

 385 

 331 

 347 

 Income from operations before income tax expense 

 1,703 

 1,362 

 1,394 

 Income tax expense 

 653 

 540 

 542 

 Net Income 

 1,050 

 822 

 852 

 Preferred dividends 

 16 

 17 

 17 

 Balance available for common stock 

 $ 

 1,034 

 $ 

 805 

 $ 

 835 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1,050 

 $ 

 822 

 $ 

 852 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 

 Net deferred losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $3, $3 and $1 tax 

 (5 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Changes in unrealized net gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of $(7), $(1) and $(6) tax 

 13 

 2 

 9 

 Amounts reclassified to net income: 

 Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $(2), $—and $4 tax 

 2 

 (1 

 ) 

 (8 

 ) 

 Net realized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of $2, $—and $2
tax 

 (4 

 ) 

 — 

 (2 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 6 

 (5 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income 

 $ 

 1,056 

 $ 

 817 

 $ 

 850 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 A SSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 28 

 $ 

 29 

 Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $10 and $11) 

 849 

 892 

 Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $3 and $7) 

 51 

 145 

 Inventories (average cost method): 

 Materials and supplies 

 385 

 359 

 Fossil fuel 

 404 

 438 

 Prepayments 

 23 

 41 

 Regulatory assets 

 119 

 479 

 Deferred income taxes 

 92 

 — 

 Other 

 30 

 53 

 Total current assets 

 1,981 

 2,436 

 Investments 

 Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 

 1,515 

 1,370 

 Other 

 14 

 36 

 Total investments 

 1,529 

 1,406 

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 30,631 

 28,626 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (10,014 

 ) 

 (9,615 

 ) 

 Total property, plant and equipment, net 

 20,617 

 19,011 

 Deferred Charges and Other Assets 

 Intangible assets 

 181 

 183 

 Regulatory assets 

 396 

 399 

 Other 

 107 

 109 

 Total deferred charges and other assets 

 684 

 691 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 24,811 

 $ 

 23,544 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 L IABILITIES AND S HAREHOLDER ’ S E QUITY 

 Current Liabilities 

 Securities due within one year 

 $ 

 418 

 $ 

 616 

 Short-term debt 

 992 

 894 

 Accounts payable 

 430 

 405 

 Payables to affiliates 

 67 

 108 

 Affiliated current borrowings 

 435 

 187 

 Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

 204 

 226 

 Derivative liabilities 

 33 

 135 

 Customer deposits 

 100 

 106 

 Regulatory liabilities 

 32 

 178 

 Deferred income taxes 

 — 

 91 

 Other 

 296 

 175 

 Total current liabilities 

 3,007 

 3,121 

 Long-Term Debt 

 6,251 

 6,246 

 Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 

 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 

 3,879 

 3,180 

 Asset retirement obligations 

 705 

 624 

 Regulatory liabilities 

 1,285 

 1,095 

 Other 

 194 

 271 

 Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

 6,063 

 5,170 

 Total liabilities 

 15,321 

 14,537 

 Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 22) 

 Preferred Stock Not Subject to Mandatory Redemption 

 257 

 257 

 Common Shareholder’s Equity 

 Common stock-no
par (1) 

 5,738 

 5,738 

 Other paid-in capital 

 1,113 

 1,111 

 Retained earnings 

 2,357 

 1,882 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 25 

 19 

 Total common shareholder’s equity 

 9,233 

 8,750 

 Total liabilities and shareholder’s equity 

 $ 

 24,811 

 $ 

 23,544 

 (1) 

 500,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2012 and 2011; 274,723 shares outstanding at December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder’s Equity 

 Common Stock 

 Other
Paid-In
Capital 

 Retained
Earnings 

 Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
(Loss) 

 Total 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 (millions, except for shares) 

 (thousands) 

 Balance at December 31, 2009 

 242 

 $ 

 4,738 

 $ 

 1,110 

 $ 

 1,299 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 7,173 

 Net income 

 852 

 852 

 Issuance of stock to Dominion 

 33 

 1,000 

 1,000 

 Dividends 

 (517 

 ) 

 (517 

 ) 

 Tax benefit from stock awards and stock options exercised 

 1 

 1 

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

 (2 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 275 

 5,738 

 1,111 

 1,634 

 24 

 8,507 

 Net income 

 822 

 822 

 Dividends 

 (574 

 ) 

 (574 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

 (5 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 275 

 5,738 

 1,111 

 1,882 

 19 

 8,750 

 Net income 

 1,050 

 1,050 

 Dividends 

 (575 

 ) 

 (575 

 ) 

 Tax benefit from stock awards and stock options exercised 

 2 

 2 

 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

 6 

 6 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 275 

 $ 

 5,738 

 $ 

 1,113 

 $ 

 2,357 

 $ 

 25 

 $ 

 9,233 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating Activities 

 Net income 

 $ 

 1,050 

 $ 

 822 

 $ 

 852 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 

 927 

 838 

 782 

 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits, net 

 502 

 496 

 609 

 Impairment of generation assets 

 — 

 228 

 — 

 Net reserves (payments) related to rate refunds 

 (151 

 ) 

 3 

 (500 

 ) 

 Contributions to pension plans 

 — 

 — 

 (302 

 ) 

 Charges (payments) related to workforce reduction program 

 (4 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 98 

 Other adjustments 

 (66 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 Changes in: 

 Accounts receivable 

 126 

 76 

 (9 

 ) 

 Affiliated accounts receivable and payable 

 (2 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 11 

 Inventories 

 8 

 (200 

 ) 

 17 

 Deferred fuel expenses, net 

 378 

 12 

 (213 

 ) 

 Prepayments 

 18 

 24 

 (10 

 ) 

 Accounts payable 

 19 

 (117 

 ) 

 108 

 Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 

 (22 

 ) 

 12 

 1 

 Other operating assets and liabilities 

 (77 

 ) 

 (70 

 ) 

 5 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 2,706 

 2,024 

 1,409 

 Investing Activities 

 Plant construction and other property additions 

 (2,082 

 ) 

 (1,885 

 ) 

 (2,113 

 ) 

 Purchases of nuclear fuel 

 (206 

 ) 

 (205 

 ) 

 (121 

 ) 

 Purchases of securities 

 (638 

 ) 

 (1,057 

 ) 

 (1,211 

 ) 

 Proceeds from sales of securities 

 626 

 1,030 

 1,192 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 22 

 137 

 (165 

 ) 

 Other 

 (4 

 ) 

 33 

 (7 

 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (2,282 

 ) 

 (1,947 

 ) 

 (2,425 

 ) 

 Financing Activities 

 Issuance of short-term debt, net 

 98 

 294 

 158 

 Issuance of affiliated current borrowings, net 

 248 

 85 

 1,101 

 Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 

 450 

 235 

 605 

 Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt 

 (641 

 ) 

 (91 

 ) 

 (347 

 ) 

 Common dividend payments 

 (559 

 ) 

 (557 

 ) 

 (500 

 ) 

 Preferred dividend payments 

 (16 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Other 

 (5 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 2 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (425 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 1,002 

 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (1 

 ) 

 24 

 (14 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 29 

 5 

 19 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 

 28 

 $ 

 29 

 $ 

 5 

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

 Cash paid (received) during the year for: 

 Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 

 $ 

 376 

 $ 

 376 

 $ 

 349 

 Income taxes 

 225 

 (27 

 ) 

 (101 

 ) 

 Significant noncash investing and financing activities: 

 Accrued capital expenditures 

 242 

 199 

 136 

 Settlement of debt and issuance of common stock to Dominion 

 — 

 — 

 1,000 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 N OTE 1. N ATURE OF O PERATIONS 

 Dominion, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy.
Dominion’s operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including Virginia Power, a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North Carolina. Virginia Power is a member of
PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into the PJM wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power’s common stock is owned by Dominion. Dominion’s operations also include a regulated interstate natural
gas transmission pipeline and underground storage system in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest states, an LNG import and storage facility in Maryland and regulated gas transportation and distribution operations in Ohio and West Virginia.
Dominion’s nonregulated operations include merchant generation, energy marketing and price risk management activities and retail energy marketing operations. 
 Dominion manages its daily operations through three primary operating segments: DVP, Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy. Dominion also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its
corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations that are expected to be and are currently discontinued, which is discussed in Note 3. In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific
items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 

 Virginia Power manages its daily operations through two primary operating segments: DVP and Dominion Generation. It also reports a
Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources
among the segments. See Note 25 for further discussion of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operating segments. 

 N OTE 2. S IGNIFICANT A CCOUNTING P OLICIES 

 General 
 Dominion and Virginia
Power make certain estimates and assumptions in preparing their Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, expenses and cash flows for the periods presented. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements include, after eliminating intercompany transactions and
balances, the accounts of their respective majority-owned subsidiaries and those VIEs where Dominion has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power report certain contracts, instruments and investments at fair value. See Note 6 for further information on fair value measurements.

 Dominion maintains pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Virginia Power
participates in certain of these plans. See Note 21 for further information on these plans. 
 Certain amounts in the 2011 and
2010 Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes have been reclassified to conform to the 2012 presentation for comparative purposes. The reclassifications did not affect the Companies’ net income, total assets, liabilities, equity or cash
flows. 
 Amounts disclosed for Dominion are inclusive of Virginia Power, where applicable. 

 Operating Revenue 
 Operating revenue is recorded on
the basis of services rendered, commodities delivered or contracts settled and includes amounts yet to be billed to customers. The Companies collect sales, consumption and consumer utility taxes; however, these amounts are excluded from revenue.
Dominion’s customer receivables at December 31, 2012 and 2011 included $411 million and $423 million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of electricity and natural gas delivered but not yet
billed to its utility customers. Virginia Power’s customer receivables at December 31, 2012 and 2011 included $348 million and $360 million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of electricity delivered
but not yet billed to its customers. 
 The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operating revenue for
Dominion are as follows: 

 Ÿ 

 Regulated electric sales consist
primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales, and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and electric transmission services; 

 Ÿ 

 Nonregulated electric sales consist
primarily of sales of electricity at market-based rates and contracted fixed rates, and associated derivative activity; 

 Ÿ 

 Regulated gas sales consist primarily
of state-regulated retail natural gas sales and related distribution services; 

 Ÿ 

 Nonregulated gas sales consist
primarily of sales of natural gas production at market-based rates and contracted fixed prices, sales of gas purchased from third parties, gas trading and marketing revenue and associated derivative activity. Revenue from sales of gas production is
recognized based on actual volumes of gas sold to purchasers and is reported net of royalties; 

 Ÿ 

 Gas transportation and storage 
consists primarily of regulated sales of gathering, transmission, distribution and storage services and associated derivative activity. Also included are regulated gas distribution charges to retail distribution service customers opting for
alternate suppliers; and 

 Ÿ 

 Other revenue consists primarily of
sales of NGL production and condensate, extracted products and associated derivative activity. Other revenue also includes miscellaneous service revenue from electric and gas distribution operations, and gas processing and handling revenue.

 The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operating revenue for Virginia Power are as
follows: 

 Ÿ 

 Regulated electric sales consist
primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and electric transmission services; and 

 Ÿ 

 Other revenue consists primarily of
miscellaneous service revenue from electric distribution operations and miscellaneous revenue from generation operations, including sales of capacity and other commodities.

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Electric Fuel, Purchased Energy and Purchased Gas-Deferred Costs 

 Where permitted by regulatory authorities, the differences between Virginia Power’s actual electric fuel and purchased energy expenses and
Dominion’s purchased gas expenses and the related levels of recovery for these expenses in current rates are deferred and matched against recoveries in future periods. The deferral of costs in excess of current period fuel rate recovery is
recognized as a regulatory asset, while rate recovery in excess of current period fuel expenses is recognized as a regulatory liability. 
 Of the cost of fuel used in electric generation and energy purchases to serve utility customers, approximately 83% is currently subject to deferred fuel accounting, while substantially all of the
remaining amount is subject to recovery through similar mechanisms. 
 Income Taxes 
 A consolidated federal income tax return is filed for Dominion and its subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. In addition, where applicable, combined income tax returns for Dominion and its subsidiaries
are filed in various states; otherwise, separate state income tax returns are filed. Virginia Power participates in an intercompany tax sharing agreement with Dominion and its subsidiaries, and its current income taxes are based on its taxable
income or loss, determined on a separate company basis. 
 Accounting for income taxes involves an asset and liability approach.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are provided, representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Dominion and Virginia Power
establish a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all, or a portion, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Where the treatment of temporary differences is different for rate-regulated operations, a regulatory asset is
recognized if it is probable that future revenues will be provided for the payment of deferred tax liabilities. 
 Dominion and
Virginia Power recognize positions taken, or expected to be taken, in income tax returns that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information.
 
 If it is not more-likely-than-not that a tax position, or some portion thereof, will be sustained, the related tax benefits
are not recognized in the financial statements. Unrecognized tax benefits may result in an increase in income taxes payable, a reduction of income tax refunds receivable or changes in deferred taxes. Also, when uncertainty about the deductibility of
an amount is limited to the timing of such deductibility, the increase in income taxes payable (or reduction in tax refunds receivable) is accompanied by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. Noncurrent income taxes payable related to unrecognized
tax benefits are classified in other deferred credits and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and current payables are included in accrued interest, payroll and taxes on the consolidated balance sheets, except when such amounts are
presented net with amounts receivable from or amounts prepaid to tax authorities. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power recognize
changes in estimated interest payable on net underpayments of income taxes in interest expense. Changes in interest receivable related to net
overpay- 

ments of income taxes and estimated penalties that may result from the settlement of some uncertain tax positions are recognized in other income. In its Consolidated Statements of Income for
2012, Dominion recognized interest income of $8 million and interest expense of $3 million and a reduction in penalties of less than $1 million. In 2011, Dominion recognized interest income of $12 million and interest expense of $7 million and a
reduction in penalties of less than $1 million. In 2010, Dominion recognized a reduction in interest expense of $18 million and a reduction in penalties of less than $1 million. Dominion had accrued interest receivable of $5 million, interest
payable of $10 million and penalties payable of less than $1 million at December 31, 2012 and interest receivable of $48 million, interest payable of $10 million and penalties payable of less than $1 million at December 31, 2011.
 
 Virginia Power’s interest and penalties were immaterial in 2012 and 2010. In 2011, Virginia Power recognized interest
income of $12 million, and penalties were immaterial. Virginia Power had accrued interest receivable of $17 million at December 31, 2011. 
 At December 31, 2012, Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheet included $10 million of federal income taxes payable and $36 million of noncurrent federal and state income taxes payable.
 
 At December 31, 2011, Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheet included $18 million of current federal
income taxes receivable, $34 million of current state income taxes payable and $110 million of noncurrent federal and state income taxes payable. 
 Investment tax credits are recognized by nonregulated operations in the year qualifying property is placed in service. For regulated operations, investment tax credits are deferred and amortized over the
service lives of the properties giving rise to the credits. Production tax credits are recognized as energy is generated and sold. 
 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 
 Current banking arrangements generally do not require checks to be funded until they are presented for payment. At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, Dominion’s accounts payable included $53 million and $75 million, respectively, of checks outstanding but not yet presented for payment. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, Virginia Power’s
accounts payable included $30 million and $40 million, respectively, of checks outstanding but not yet presented for payment. For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash in banks
and temporary investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. 
 Derivative Instruments 

 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative instruments such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs to manage the commodity, currency exchange and
financial market risks of their business operations. 
 All derivatives, other than those for which an exception applies, are
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Derivative contracts representing unrealized gain positions and purchased options are reported as derivative assets. Derivative contracts representing unrealized losses and options sold are

 68 

 Table of Contents 

reported as derivative liabilities. One of the exceptions to fair value accounting, normal purchases and normal sales, may be elected when the contract satisfies certain criteria, including a
requirement that physical delivery of the underlying commodity is probable. Expenses and revenues resulting from deliveries under normal purchase contracts and normal sales contracts, respectively, are included in earnings at the time of contract
performance. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power do not offset amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the
obligation to return cash collateral against amounts recognized for derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting arrangement. Dominion had margin assets of $212 million and $319 million associated
with cash collateral at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Dominion had margin liabilities of $4 million and $66 million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Virginia Power had margin assets
of $18 million and $41 million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Virginia Power’s margin liabilities associated with cash collateral were not material at December 31, 2012 and 2011.
 
 To manage price risk, Dominion and Virginia Power hold certain derivative instruments that are not held for trading purposes
and are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. However, to the extent the Companies do not hold offsetting positions for such derivatives, they believe these instruments represent economic hedges that mitigate their exposure to
fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. As part of Dominion’s strategy to market energy and manage related risks, it also manages a portfolio of commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for
trading purposes. Dominion uses established policies and procedures to manage the risks associated with price fluctuations in these energy commodities and uses various derivative instruments to reduce risk by creating offsetting market positions.
 
 Statement of Income Presentation: 

 Ÿ 

 Derivatives Held for Trading Purposes: 
All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating revenue on a net basis. 

 Ÿ 

 Derivatives Not Held for Trading Purposes: All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating revenue, operating expenses or interest and related charges based on the nature of the underlying
risk. 

 In Virginia Power’s generation operations, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments
result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation. Realized gains or losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized when the related transactions impact
earnings. 
 D ERIVATIVE I NSTRUMENTS D ESIGNATED AS H EDGING 
I NSTRUMENTS 
 Dominion and Virginia Power designate a portion of their derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair
value hedges for accounting purposes. For all derivatives designated as hedges, Dominion and Virginia Power formally document the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as the risk management objective and the
strategy for using the hedging instrument. The Companies assess whether the
hedg- 

ing relationship between the derivative and the hedged item is highly effective at offsetting changes in cash flows or fair values both at the inception of the hedging relationship and on an
ongoing basis. Any change in the fair value of the derivative that is not effective at offsetting changes in the cash flows or fair values of the hedged item is recognized currently in earnings. Also, the Companies may elect to exclude certain gains
or losses on hedging instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as gains or losses attributable to changes in the time value of options or changes in the difference between spot prices and forward prices, thus requiring that such
changes be recorded currently in earnings. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively for derivatives that cease to be highly effective hedges. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges, the cash
flows from the derivatives and from the related hedged items are classified in operating cash flows. 
 Cash Flow
Hedges —A majority of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s hedge strategies represents cash flow hedges of the variable price risk associated with the purchase and sale of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products. The
Companies also use foreign currency contracts to hedge the variability in foreign exchange rates and interest rate swaps to hedge their exposure to variable interest rates on long-term debt. For transactions in which Dominion and Virginia Power are
hedging the variability of cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in AOCI, to the extent they are effective at offsetting changes in the hedged item. Any derivative gains or losses reported in AOCI are reclassified to
earnings when the forecasted item is included in earnings, or earlier, if it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. For cash flow hedge transactions, hedge accounting is discontinued if the occurrence of the forecasted
transaction is no longer probable. 
 Fair Value Hedges —Dominion also uses fair value hedges to mitigate the fixed
price exposure inherent in certain firm commodity commitments and commodity inventory. In addition, Dominion and Virginia Power have designated interest rate swaps as fair value hedges on certain fixed rate long-term debt to manage interest rate
exposure. For fair value hedge transactions, changes in the fair value of the derivative are generally offset currently in earnings by the recognition of changes in the hedged item’s fair value. Derivative gains and losses from the hedged item
are reclassified to earnings when the hedged item is included in earnings, or earlier, if the hedged item no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedged item no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.
 
 See Note 6 for further information about fair value measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives. See Note 7
for further information on derivatives. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment, including additions and replacements is recorded at original cost, consisting of labor and materials and other direct and indirect costs such as asset retirement costs,
capitalized interest and, for certain operations subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, AFUDC and overhead costs. The cost of repairs and maintenance, including minor additions and replacements, is charged to expense as it is incurred.
 
 In 2012, 2011 and 2010, Dominion capitalized interest costs and AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of $91 million, $85
million and $102 million, respectively. In 2012, 2011 and 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2010, Virginia Power capitalized AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of $31 million, $31 million and $61 million, respectively. Under Virginia law, certain Virginia jurisdictional projects
qualify for current recovery of AFUDC through rate adjustment clauses. AFUDC on these projects is calculated and recorded as a regulatory asset and is not capitalized to property, plant and equipment. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, Virginia Power recorded
$37 million, $20 million and $13 million of AFUDC related to these projects, respectively. 
 For Virginia Power property subject
to cost-of-service rate regulation, including electric distribution, electric transmission, and generation property and for certain Dominion natural gas property, the undepreciated cost of such property, less salvage value, is generally charged to
accumulated depreciation at retirement. Cost of removal collections from utility customers not representing AROs are recorded as regulatory liabilities. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation that will be retired or abandoned
significantly before the end of its useful life, the net carrying value is reclassified from plant-in-service when it becomes probable it will be retired or abandoned. 
 For Dominion and Virginia Power property that is not subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, including nonutility property, cost of removal not associated with AROs is charged to expense as incurred.
The Companies also record gains and losses upon retirement based upon the difference between the proceeds received, if any, and the property’s net book value at the retirement date. 

 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed on the straight-line method based on projected service lives. Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s depreciation rates on utility property, plant and equipment are as follows: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (percent) 

 Dominion 

 Generation 

 2.62 

 2.68 

 2.59 

 Transmission 

 2.17 

 2.26 

 2.24 

 Distribution 

 3.17 

 3.19 

 3.20 

 Storage 

 2.59 

 2.64 

 2.75 

 Gas gathering and processing 

 2.49 

 2.52 

 2.39 

 General and other 

 4.55 

 4.66 

 4.60 

 Virginia Power 

 Generation 

 2.62 

 2.68 

 2.59 

 Transmission 

 1.98 

 2.03 

 1.94 

 Distribution 

 3.32 

 3.33 

 3.33 

 General and other 

 4.32 

 4.38 

 4.28 

 Dominion’s nonutility property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method
over the following estimated useful lives: 

 Asset 

 Estimated Useful Lives 

 Merchant generation—nuclear 

 34 – 44 years 

 Merchant generation—other 

 27 – 40 years 

 General and other 

 5 – 59 years 

 Nuclear fuel used in electric generation is amortized over its estimated service life on a
units-of-production basis. Dominion and Virginia Power report the amortization of nuclear fuel in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases expense in their Consolidated Statements of Income and in depreciation and amortization in their
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

 Dominion follows the full cost method of accounting for its gas and oil E&P activities,
which subjects capitalized costs to a quarterly ceiling test using hedge-adjusted prices. Due to the April 2010 sale of substantially all of its Appalachian E&P operations, Dominion no longer has any significant gas and oil properties subject to
the ceiling test calculation. 
 In 2010, Dominion recorded a ceiling test impairment charge of $21 million ($13 million
after-tax) in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income primarily due to a decline in hedge-adjusted prices reflecting the discontinuance of hedge accounting for certain cash flow hedges and recognized a gain
from the sale of substantially all of its Appalachian E&P operations, as discussed in Note 3. 
 Emissions Allowances 

 Emissions allowances permit the holder of the allowance to emit certain gaseous by-products of fossil fuel combustion, including
SO 2 , NO X and CO 2 . SO 2 and NO X emissions allowances are issued to Dominion and Virginia Power by the EPA and may also be purchased and sold via third
party contracts. CO 2 emissions allowances are available for
purchase by Dominion through quarterly auctions held by participating RGGI states. Compliance with the RGGI requirements only applies to certain of Dominion’s merchant power stations located in the Northeast. 

 Allowances held may be transacted with third parties or consumed as these emissions are generated. Allowances allocated to or acquired by
the Companies’ generation operations are held primarily for consumption. 
 Allowances held for
consumption are classified as intangible assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Carrying amounts are based on the cost to acquire the allowances or, in the case of a business combination, on the fair values assigned to them in the allocation of
the purchase price of the acquired business. A portion of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s SO 2 and NO X 
allowances are issued by the EPA at zero cost. 
 These allowances are amortized in the periods the emissions are generated, with
the amortization reflected in depreciation, depletion and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Purchases and sales of these allowances are reported as investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and gains or
losses resulting from sales are reported in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 6 for discussion of impairments related to emissions allowances. 

 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 
 Dominion and
Virginia Power perform an evaluation for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets or intangible assets with finite lives may not be recoverable. A long-lived or intangible asset is
written down to fair value if the sum of its expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than its carrying amount. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. See Note 6 for a discussion of impairments
related to certain long-lived assets and intangible assets with finite lives. 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 The accounting for Dominion’s regulated gas and Virginia Power’s regulated electric operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that they are required to reflect the
effect of rate regulation in their Consolidated Financial Statements. For regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting
methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are
deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be
incurred. Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator. 

 The Companies evaluate whether or not recovery of their regulatory assets through future rates is probable and make various assumptions in
their analyses. The expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities. If recovery of a regulatory asset is
determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 

 Dominion and Virginia Power recognize AROs at fair value as incurred or when sufficient information becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate
of the fair value of future retirement activities to be performed. These amounts are generally capitalized as costs of the related tangible long-lived assets. Since relevant market information is not available, fair value is 

 estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. Dominion reports accretion of AROs associated with its natural gas pipeline and storage well assets as an
adjustment to the related regulatory liabilities when revenue is recoverable from customers for AROs. Virginia Power reports accretion of AROs associated with decommissioning its nuclear power stations as an adjustment to the regulatory liability
for certain jurisdictions. Accretion of all other AROs is reported in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs 
 Dominion and
Virginia Power defer and amortize debt issuance costs and debt premiums or discounts over the expected lives of the respective debt issues, considering maturity dates and, if applicable, redemption rights held by others. As permitted by regulatory
authorities, gains or losses resulting from the refinancing of debt allocable to utility operations subject to cost-based rate regulation are deferred and amortized over the lives of the new issuances. 

 Investments 
 M ARKETABLE 
E QUITY AND D EBT S ECURITIES 
 Dominion accounts for and classifies investments in
marketable equity and debt securities as trading or available-for-sale securities.

Virginia Power classifies investments in marketable equity and debt securities as available-for-sale securities. 

 Ÿ 

 Trading securities include marketable equity and debt securities held by Dominion in rabbi trusts associated with certain deferred compensation
plans. These securities are reported in other investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 Ÿ 

 Available-for-sale securities include all other marketable equity and debt securities, primarily comprised of securities held in the nuclear
decommissioning trusts. These investments are reported at fair value in nuclear decommissioning trust funds in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses (including any other-than-temporary impairments) on
investments held in Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning trusts are recorded to a regulatory liability for certain jurisdictions subject to cost-based regulation. For all other available-for-sale securities, including those held in
Dominion’s merchant generation nuclear decommissioning trusts, net realized gains and losses (including any other-than-temporary impairments) are included in other income and unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of AOCI,
after-tax. 

 In determining realized gains and losses for marketable equity and debt securities, the cost
basis of the security is based on the specific identification method. 
 N ON - MARKETABLE 
I NVESTMENTS 
 Dominion and Virginia Power account for illiquid and privately held securities for which market prices or
quotations are not readily available under either the equity or cost method. Non-marketable investments include: 

 Ÿ 

 Equity method investments when Dominion and Virginia Power have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the
investee. Dominion’s investments are included in investments in equity method affiliates and Virginia Power’s investments are included in other investments in their Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dominion and Virginia Power record equity
method adjustments in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income including: their proportionate share of investee income or loss, gains or losses resulting from investee capital transactions, amortization of certain differences between
the carrying value and the equity in the net assets of the investee at the date of investment and other adjustments required by the equity method. 

 Ÿ 

 Cost method investments when Dominion and Virginia Power do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee.
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s investments are included in other investments and nuclear decommissioning trust funds.

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 O THER -T HAN -T EMPORARY I MPAIRMENT 
 
 Dominion and Virginia Power periodically review their investments to determine whether a decline in fair value should be considered
other-than-temporary. If a decline in fair value of any security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the security is written down to its fair value at the end of the reporting period. 
 Decommissioning Trust Investments—Special Considerations 

 Ÿ 

 The recognition provisions of the FASB’s other-than-temporary impairment guidance apply only to debt securities classified as available-for-sale
or held-to-maturity, while the presentation and disclosure requirements apply to both debt and equity securities. 

 Ÿ 

 Debt Securities —Using information obtained from their nuclear decommissioning trust fixed-income investment managers, Dominion and Virginia
Power record in earnings any unrealized loss for a debt security when the manager intends to sell the debt security or it is more-likely-than-not that the manager will have to sell the debt security before recovery of its fair value up to its cost
basis. If that is not the case, but the debt security is deemed to have experienced a credit loss, the Companies record the credit loss in earnings and any remaining portion of the unrealized loss in other comprehensive income. Credit losses are
evaluated primarily by considering the credit ratings of the issuer, prior instances of non-performance by the issuer and other factors. 

 Ÿ 

 Equity securities and other investments —Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s method of assessing other-than-temporary declines
requires demonstrating the ability to hold individual securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for the anticipated recovery in their market value prior to the consideration of the other criteria mentioned above. Since the Companies have
limited ability to oversee the day-to-day management of nuclear decommissioning trust fund investments, they do not have the ability to ensure investments are held through an anticipated recovery period. Accordingly, they consider all equity and
other securities as well as non-marketable investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts with market values below their cost bases to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 Inventories 
 Materials and supplies and fossil fuel inventories are valued primarily using the
weighted-average cost method. Stored gas inventory used in East Ohio gas distribution operations is valued using the LIFO method. Under the LIFO method, stored gas inventory was valued at $24 million and $48 million at December 31, 2012
and December 31, 2011, respectively. Based on the average price of gas purchased during 2012 and 2011, the cost of replacing the current portion of stored gas inventory exceeded the amount stated on a LIFO basis by approximately $69 million and
$86 million, respectively. Stored gas inventory held by Hope and certain nonregulated gas operations is valued using the weighted-average cost method. 

 Gas Imbalances 
 Natural gas imbalances occur when
the physical amount of natural gas delivered from, or received by, a pipeline system or storage facility differs from the contractual amount of natural gas delivered or received. Dominion values these imbalances due to, or

from, shippers and operators at an appropriate index price at period end, subject to the terms of its tariff for regulated entities. Imbalances are primarily settled in-kind. Imbalances due to
Dominion from other parties are reported in other current assets and imbalances that Dominion owes to other parties are reported in other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Goodwill 
 Dominion evaluates goodwill for
impairment annually as of April 1 and whenever an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. 

 N OTE 3. D ISPOSITIONS 

 Sale of Salem Harbor and State Line 
 In August 2012, Dominion completed the sale of Salem Harbor. In the second quarter of 2012, the assets and liabilities to be disposed were classified as held for sale and adjusted to their estimated fair
value less cost to sell. During the second quarter of 2012, Dominion completed the sale of State Line, which ceased operations in March 2012. See Note 6 for impairments related to these power stations. 

 The following table presents selected information regarding the results of operations of Salem Harbor and State Line, which are classified
in discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 57 

 $ 

 233 

 $ 

 269 

 Loss before income
taxes (1) 

 (49 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 (158 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Includes long-lived asset impairment charges of $55 million and $194 million in 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 Sale of Appalachian E&P Operations 
 In April
2010, Dominion completed the sale of substantially all of its Appalachian E&P operations to a subsidiary of CONSOL for approximately $3.5 billion. The transaction included the mineral rights to approximately 491,000 acres in the Marcellus Shale
formation. Dominion retained certain oil and natural gas wells located on or near its natural gas storage fields. The transaction generated after-tax proceeds of approximately $2.2 billion and resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately $1.4
billion, which includes a $134 million write-off of goodwill, recorded in the second quarter of 2010. 
 The results of
operations for Dominion’s Appalachian E&P business are not reported as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income since Dominion did not sell its entire U.S. cost pool. 

 Due to the sale, hedge accounting was discontinued for certain cash flow hedges since it became probable that the forecasted sales of gas
would not occur. In connection with the discontinuance of hedge accounting for these contracts, Dominion recognized a $42 million ($25 million after-tax) benefit, recorded in operating revenue in its Consolidated Statement of Income, reflecting the
reclassification of gains from AOCI to earnings for these contracts in March 2010. 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 Sale of Peoples 
 In February 2010, Dominion completed the sale of Peoples to PNG Companies LLC and netted after-tax proceeds of approximately $542 million. The sale resulted in an after-tax loss of approximately $140
million, including post-closing adjustments, and a $79 million write-off of goodwill. The sale also resulted in after-tax expenses of approximately $27 million, including transaction and benefit-related costs. Prior to the sale, Peoples had income
from operations of $12 million after-tax during 2010. 
 The following table presents selected information regarding the results
of operations of Peoples, which are reported as discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 67 

 Loss before income taxes 

 (134 

 ) (1) 

 (1) 

 Includes a loss and other charges related to the sale of Peoples. 

 N OTE 4. O PERATING R EVENUE 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operating revenue consists of the following: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Electric sales: 

 Regulated 

 $ 

 7,102 

 $ 

 7,114 

 $ 

 7,123 

 Nonregulated 

 2,742 

 3,100 

 3,559 

 Gas sales: 

 Regulated 

 250 

 287 

 308 

 Nonregulated 

 1,071 

 1,635 

 2,010 

 Gas transportation and storage 

 1,401 

 1,506 

 1,493 

 Other 

 527 

 503 

 434 

 Total operating revenue 

 $ 

 13,093 

 $ 

 14,145 

 $ 

 14,927 

 Virginia Power 

 Regulated electric sales 

 $ 

 7,102 

 $ 

 7,114 

 $ 

 7,123 

 Other 

 124 

 132 

 96 

 Total operating revenue 

 $ 

 7,226 

 $ 

 7,246 

 $ 

 7,219 

 N OTE 5. I NCOME T AXES 

 Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and
liabilities. The interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Dominion and Virginia Power are routinely audited by federal and state tax authorities. Ultimate resolution of income tax
matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material. 
 On January 2, 2013, U.S. federal legislation was enacted that provides an extension of the 50 percent bonus depreciation allowance for qualifying capital expenditures incurred through 2013.

 In December 2011, the IRS issued temporary regulations that provide guidance to taxpayers
on the treatment of amounts paid to acquire, produce or improve tangible property and of dispositions of such property, including whether expenditures should be deducted as repairs or capitalized and depreciated on tax returns. Upon issuance, the
temporary regulations were generally to be effective for expenditures made on or after January 1, 2012. However, in December 2012, in response to public comments received, the IRS amended the temporary regulations to postpone the effective date
until January 1, 2014. 
 Changes in tax treatment elected by Dominion or required by the regulations will impact income
taxes payable, cash flows from operations and deferred taxes. Except to the extent the implementation impacts deferred taxes and, therefore, the rate base used to establish customer rates for regulated utilities, results of operations are not
expected to be materially affected. 
 Continuing Operations 
 Details of income tax expense for continuing operations including noncontrolling interests were as follows: 

 Dominion (1) 

 Virginia
Power (2) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Current: 

 Federal 

 $ 

 (117 

 ) 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 894 

 $ 

 70 

 $ 

 (35 

 ) 

 $ 

 (78 

 ) 

 State 

 80 

 9 

 309 

 81 

 79 

 10 

 Total current expense (benefit) 

 (37 

 ) 

 12 

 1,203 

 151 

 44 

 (68 

 ) 

 Deferred: 

 Federal 

 214 

 694 

 818 

 482 

 484 

 537 

 State 

 (30 

 ) 

 50 

 93 

 21 

 13 

 74 

 Total deferred expense 

 184 

 744 

 911 

 503 

 497 

 611 

 Amortization of deferred investment tax credits 

 (1 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Total income tax expense 

 $ 

 146 

 $ 

 754 

 $ 

 2,112 

 $ 

 653 

 $ 

 540 

 $ 

 542 

 (1) 

 In 2012, Dominion’s current federal income tax benefit includes a benefit related to the carryback of its current year operating loss, and deferred state income
tax benefit reflects the impact of Brayton Point, Kincaid and Kewaunee impairment charges. In 2011, Dominion’s federal income tax expense includes a benefit related to its current year operating loss that is expected to be used in future years,
and state income tax expense reflects changes in the amount of income apportioned among states, higher tax credits, claims for refunds and previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the expiration of statutes of limitations.

 (2) 

 In 2011, Virginia Power’s federal income tax expense includes a benefit related to a portion of its current year operating loss that is expected to be used in
future years. Also, in 2011 and 2010, Virginia Power’s federal income tax expense reflects the amounts of current year operating losses realized through its participation in a tax sharing agreement with Dominion and its subsidiaries.

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 For continuing operations including noncontrolling interests, the statutory U.S. federal
income tax rate reconciles to Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s effective income tax rate as follows: 

 Dominion 

 Virginia Power 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 U.S. statutory rate 

 35.0 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 Increases (reductions) resulting from: 

 State taxes, net of federal benefit 

 8.1 

 1.8 

 5.1 

 3.9 

 4.4 

 3.8 

 Valuation allowances 

 (1.5 

 ) 

 — 

 (0.2 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Production tax credits 

 (2.4 

 ) 

 (0.6 

 ) 

 (0.3 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Amortization of investment tax credits 

 (0.3 

 ) 

 (0.1 

 ) 

 — 

 (0.1 

 ) 

 (0.1 

 ) 

 (0.1 

 ) 

 AFUDC—equity 

 (4.1 

 ) 

 (0.6 

 ) 

 (0.4 

 ) 

 (0.9 

 ) 

 (0.8 

 ) 

 (1.1 

 ) 

 Employee stock ownership plan deduction 

 (3.1 

 ) 

 (0.7 

 ) 

 (0.3 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Goodwill 

 0.4 

 — 

 0.9 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Legislative change 

 — 

 — 

 1.1 

 — 

 — 

 1.1 

 Other, net 

 (2.8 

 ) 

 (0.6 

 ) 

 (0.2 

 ) 

 0.4 

 1.2 

 0.2 

 Effective tax rate 

 29.3 

 % 

 34.2 

 % 

 40.7 

 % 

 38.3 

 % 

 39.7 

 % 

 38.9 

 % 

 Dominion’s effective tax rate in 2012 reflects the amplified effect of permanent differences due to
lower pre-tax income, as well as the state tax impact of Brayton Point, Kincaid and Kewaunee impairment charges. The rate also reflects a $20 million reduction of a valuation allowance related to state operating loss carryforwards attributable to
Fairless and a $14 million increase in valuation allowance related to Brayton Point state credit carryforwards. After considering the results of Fairless’ operations in recent years and a forecast of future operating results reflecting
Dominion’s planned purchase of the facility, Dominion has concluded that it is more likely than not that the tax benefit of the operating losses will be realized. Significant assumptions include future commodity prices, in particular, those for
electric energy produced by Fairless and those for natural gas, as compared to other fuels used for the generation of electricity, which will significantly influence the extent to which Fairless is dispatched by PJM. Also, in connection with its
intention to sell Brayton Point, Dominion evaluated state tax credits previously recognized for the power station and recorded a $14 million increase in valuation allowance related to credit carryforwards and a $14 million deferred tax liability,
representing recapture of credits claimed in prior years that would result upon completion of a sale. Dominion will continue to evaluate the likelihood of realizing these tax benefits on a quarterly basis. 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s effective tax rates in 2010 reflect reductions of deferred tax assets of $57 million and $17
million, respectively, resulting from the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, which eliminated the employer’s deduction, beginning in 2013, for
that portion of its retiree prescription drug coverage cost that is being reimbursed by the Medicare Part D subsidy. In addition, Dominion’s effective tax rate in 2010 includes higher state income taxes and the impact of goodwill written off
that is not deductible for tax purposes associated with the sale of the Appalachian E&P operations.

 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 The
Companies’ deferred income taxes consist of the following: 

 Dominion 

 Virginia Power 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Deferred income taxes: 

 Total deferred income tax assets 

 $ 

 2,505 

 $ 

 2,229 

 $ 

 466 

 $ 

 503 

 Total deferred income tax liabilities 

 7,716 

 7,424 

 4,238 

 3,759 

 Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

 $ 

 5,211 

 $ 

 5,195 

 $ 

 3,772 

 $ 

 3,256 

 Total deferred income taxes: 

 Plant and equipment, primarily depreciation method and basis differences 

 $ 

 4,601 

 $ 

 4,008 

 $ 

 3,394 

 $ 

 2,758 

 Nuclear decommissioning 

 994 

 913 

 407 

 374 

 Deferred state income taxes 

 474 

 493 

 265 

 243 

 Federal benefit of deferred state income taxes 

 (166 

 ) 

 (173 

 ) 

 (93 

 ) 

 (85 

 ) 

 Deferred fuel, purchased energy and gas costs 

 3 

 161 

 (16 

 ) 

 144 

 Pension benefits 

 231 

 396 

 (17 

 ) 

 8 

 Other postretirement benefits 

 (171 

 ) 

 (167 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 Loss and credit carryforwards 

 (656 

 ) 

 (577 

 ) 

 (77 

 ) 

 (55 

 ) 

 Reserve for rate proceedings 

 — 

 (54 

 ) 

 — 

 (54 

 ) 

 Partnership basis differences 

 174 

 274 

 — 

 — 

 Valuation allowances 

 93 

 96 

 — 

 — 

 Other 

 (366 

 ) 

 (175 

 ) 

 (84 

 ) 

 (64 

 ) 

 Total net deferred income tax liabilities 

 $ 

 5,211 

 $ 

 5,195 

 $ 

 3,772 

 $ 

 3,256 

 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had the following deductible loss and credit carryforwards:

 Ÿ 

 Federal loss carryforwards of $1.1 billion that expire if unutilized during the period 2021 through 2031; 

 Ÿ 

 Federal production tax credits of $26 million that expire if unutilized through 2032; 

 Ÿ 

 State loss carryforwards of $1.4 billion that expire if unutilized during the period 2014 through 2032. A valuation allowance on $857 million of these
carryforwards has been established; 

 Ÿ 

 State minimum tax credits of $96 million that do not expire; and 

 Ÿ 

 State investment tax credits of $28 million that expire if unutilized through 2016. A valuation allowance on $21 million of these credits has been
established for credits that are not expected to be utilized. 

 At December 31, 2012, Virginia Power
had federal loss carryforwards of $220 million that expire if unutilized through 2031. 
 Positions taken by an entity in its
income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. The amount
of tax return positions that are not recognized in the financial statements is disclosed as unrecognized tax benefits. These unrecognized tax benefits may impact the financial statements by increasing income taxes payable, reducing

 74 

 Table of Contents 

tax refunds receivable or changing deferred taxes. Also, when uncertainty about the deductibility of an amount is limited to the timing of such deductibility, an increase in taxes payable (or
reduction in tax refunds receivable) is accompanied by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. 
 A reconciliation of changes in
the Companies’ unrecognized tax benefits follows: 

 Dominion 

 Virginia Power 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Balance at January 1 

 $ 

 347 

 $ 

 307 

 $ 

 291 

 $ 

 114 

 $ 

 117 

 $ 

 121 

 Increases—prior period positions 

 28 

 127 

 34 

 4 

 22 

 4 

 Decreases—prior period positions 

 (106 

 ) 

 (119 

 ) 

 (75 

 ) 

 (80 

 ) 

 (51 

 ) 

 (33 

 ) 

 Increases—current period positions 

 43 

 64 

 61 

 24 

 47 

 25 

 Decreases—current period positions 

 — 

 (21 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (21 

 ) 

 — 

 Settlements with tax authorities 

 (4 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (4 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Expiration of statutes of limitation 

 (15 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Balance at December 31 

 $ 

 293 

 $ 

 347 

 $ 

 307 

 $ 

 57 

 $ 

 114 

 $ 

 117 

 Certain unrecognized tax benefits, or portions thereof, if recognized, would affect the effective tax
rate. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from claims for tax benefits, or portions thereof, that may not be realized, remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of
limitation. For Dominion and its subsidiaries, these unrecognized tax benefits were $167 million, $184 million and $133 million at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. For Dominion, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits
increased income tax expense by $1 million, $51 million and $38 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. For Virginia Power, these unrecognized tax benefits were $13 million, $20 million and $14 million at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. For Virginia Power, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits increased income tax expense by $1 million, $6 million and by less than $1 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 For Dominion and its subsidiaries, the U.S. federal statute of limitations has expired for years prior to 2008. For prior years, Dominion
had reserved the right to pursue refunds related to the calculation of interest to be capitalized in connection with improvements to in-service plant and equipment for the years 1995 through 2007. The IRS position had provided that capitalized
interest must also be computed on the adjusted tax basis of in-service assets that are idled while making improvements to them. In response to litigation initiated by Dominion in March 2008, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled in February 2011,
sustaining the IRS position. In July 2011, Dominion filed an appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and, in May 2012, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in favor of Dominion. The resolution
of this matter did not have a material impact on the Companies’ cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 

 In January 2012, the Appellate Division of the IRS informed Dominion that the Joint Committee had completed its review of the settlement
of tax years 2004 and 2005 for Dominion and its

consolidated subsidiaries. Since the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits in 2011 considered the results of completed settlement negotiations, Dominion’s results of operations in 2012
were not affected. 
 In April 2012, the IRS issued its Revenue Agent Report for Dominion’s consolidated tax returns for tax
years 2006 and 2007, reflecting the resolution of all issues, except the capitalized interest on idle property issue that was in litigation at that time but later resolved as discussed above. 

 The IRS examination of tax years 2008, 2009 and 2010 began in the first quarter of 2012 and was later expanded to include examination of
the 2011 tax year. The audit is expected to be concluded in late 2013. 
 It is reasonably possible that settlements with and
payments to tax authorities in 2013 and the expiration of statutes of limitations could reduce unrecognized tax benefits for Dominion and Virginia Power by up to $65 million and $35 million, respectively. If such changes were to occur, other than
revisions of the accrual for interest on tax underpayments and overpayments, Dominion’s earnings could increase by up to $10 million, and Virginia Power’s earnings would not be affected. 

 Otherwise, with regard to 2012 and prior years, Dominion and Virginia Power cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible changes to
unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in 2013. 
 For each of the major states in which Dominion operates, the earliest tax
year remaining open for examination is as follows: 

 State 

 Earliest 

 Open Tax 
 Year 

 Pennsylvania 

 2009 

 Connecticut 

 2009 

 Massachusetts 

 2008 

 Virginia (1) 

 2009 

 West Virginia 

 2009 

 (1) 

 Virginia is the only state considered major for Virginia Power’s operations. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are also obligated to report adjustments resulting from IRS settlements to state tax authorities. In addition,
if Dominion utilizes operating losses or tax credits generated in years for which the statute of limitations has expired, such amounts are subject to examination. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 Dominion’s effective tax rate for 2012 reflects the dispositions of
State Line and Salem Harbor. 
 Dominion’s effective tax rate for 2011 reflects an expectation that State Line’s
deferred tax assets, including 2011 operating losses, will not be realized in State Line’s separately filed state tax returns. 
 Dominion’s effective tax rate for 2010 reflects the impact of goodwill written off in the sale of Peoples that is not deductible for tax purposes and the reversal of deferred taxes for which the
benefit was offset by the reversal of income tax-related regulatory assets. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 N OTE 6. F AIR V ALUE M EASUREMENTS 

 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. However, the use of a mid-market pricing convention (the mid-point between bid and ask prices) is permitted. Fair values are based on assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in valuation techniques and the inputs to valuations. This includes not only the credit standing of counterparties involved and the impact of credit
enhancements but also the impact of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s own nonperformance risk on their liabilities. Fair value measurements assume that the transaction occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability (the market
with the most volume and activity for the asset or liability from the perspective of the reporting entity), or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability (the market in which the reporting entity
would be able to maximize the amount received or minimize the amount paid). Dominion and Virginia Power apply fair value measurements to certain assets and liabilities including commodity and interest rate derivative instruments, and nuclear
decommissioning trust and other investments including those held in Dominion’s rabbi, pension and other postretirement benefit plan trusts, in accordance with the requirements described above. The Companies apply credit adjustments to their
derivative fair values in accordance with the requirements described above. These credit adjustments are currently not material to the derivative fair values. 
 Inputs and Assumptions 
 The Companies maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, price information is sought from external sources, including broker quotes and
industry publications. When evaluating pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, they consider whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an
inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if the Companies believe that observable pricing is not
indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases they must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and certain statistical methods, including
regression analysis, that reflect their market assumptions. 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s commodity derivative
valuations are prepared by the ERM department. The ERM department reports directly to the Companies’ CFO. The ERM department creates a daily file containing market valuations for the Companies’ derivative transactions. The inputs that go
into the market valuations are transactional information stored in the systems of record and market pricing information that resides in data warehouses. The majority of forward prices are automatically uploaded into the data warehouses from various
third-party sources. Inputs obtained from third-party sources are evaluated for

reliability considering the reputation, independence, market presence, and methodology used by the third-party. If forward prices are not available from third-party sources, then the ERM
department models the forward prices based on other available market data. A team consisting of risk management and risk quantitative analysts meets each business day to assess the validity of market prices and valuations. During this meeting, the
changes in market valuations from period to period are examined and qualified against historical expectations. If any discrepancies are identified during this process, the mark-to-market valuations or the market pricing information is evaluated
further and adjusted, if necessary. 
 For options and contracts with option-like characteristics where observable pricing
information is not available from external sources, the Companies generally use a modified Black-Scholes Model that considers time value, the volatility of the underlying commodities and other relevant assumptions when estimating fair value. The
Companies use other option models under special circumstances, including a Spread Approximation Model when contracts include different commodities or commodity locations and a Swing Option Model when contracts allow either the buyer or seller the
ability to exercise within a range of quantities. For contracts with unique characteristics, the Companies may estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow approach deemed appropriate in the circumstances and applied consistently from period to
period. For individual contracts, the use of different valuation models or assumptions could have a significant effect on the contract’s estimated fair value. 
 The inputs and assumptions used in measuring fair value include the following: 

 For commodity and foreign currency derivative contracts: 

 Ÿ 

 Forward commodity prices 

 Ÿ 

 Forward foreign currency prices 

 Ÿ 

 Transaction prices 

 Ÿ 

 Price volatility 

 Ÿ 

 Volumes 

 Ÿ 

 Commodity location 

 Ÿ 

 Interest rates 

 Ÿ 

 Credit quality of counterparties and Dominion and Virginia Power 

 Ÿ 

 Credit enhancements 

 Ÿ 

 Time value 

 For interest rate derivative contracts: 

 Ÿ 

 Interest rate curves 

 Ÿ 

 Credit quality of counterparties and Dominion and Virginia Power 

 Ÿ 

 Volumes 

 Ÿ 

 Credit enhancements 

 Ÿ 

 Time value 

 For investments: 

 Ÿ 

 Quoted securities prices and indices 

 Ÿ 

 Securities trading information including volume and restrictions 

 Ÿ 

 Maturity 

 Ÿ 

 Interest rates 

 Ÿ 

 Credit quality 

 Ÿ 

 NAV (only for alternative investments)

 76 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion and Virginia Power regularly evaluate and validate the inputs used to estimate
fair value by a number of methods, including review and verification of models, as well as various market price verification procedures such as the use of pricing services and multiple broker quotes to support the market price of the various
commodities and investments in which the Companies transact. 
 Levels 
 The Companies also utilize the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels: 

 Ÿ 

 Level 1—Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that they have the ability to access at the measurement
date. Instruments categorized in Level 1 primarily consist of financial instruments such as the majority of exchange-traded derivatives, and exchange-listed equities, mutual funds and certain Treasury securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust
funds for Dominion and Virginia Power and rabbi and benefit plan trust funds for Dominion. 

 Ÿ 

 Level 2—Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability,
including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs
that are derived from observable market data by correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 primarily include non-exchange traded derivatives such as over-the-counter commodity forwards and swaps, interest rate swaps, foreign
currency forwards and options, restricted cash equivalents, and certain Treasury securities, money market funds, and corporate, state and municipal debt securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for Dominion and Virginia Power and rabbi
and benefit plan trust funds for Dominion. 

 Ÿ 

 Level 3—Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or
liability. Instruments categorized in Level 3 for Dominion and Virginia Power consist of long-dated commodity derivatives, FTRs and other modeled commodity derivatives. Additional instruments categorized in Level 3 for Dominion include NGLs and
natural gas peaking options and alternative investments, consisting of investments in partnerships, joint ventures and other alternative investments, held in benefit plan trust funds. 

 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement in its entirety determines the
applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. 

 For derivative contracts, Dominion and Virginia Power recognize transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 based on fair

values as of the first day of the month in which the transfer occurs. Transfers out of Level 3 represent assets and liabilities that were previously classified as Level 3 for which the
inputs became observable for classification in either Level 1 or Level 2. Because the activity and liquidity of commodity markets vary substantially between regions and time periods, the availability of observable inputs for substantially
the full term and value of the Companies’ over-the-counter derivative contracts is subject to change. 
 Level 3 Valuations 

 Fair value measurements are categorized as Level 3 when a significant amount of price or other inputs that are considered to be unobservable are used in
their valuations. Long-dated commodity derivatives are generally based on unobservable inputs due to the length of time to settlement and the absence of market activity and are therefore categorized as Level 3. For NGL derivatives, market
illiquidity requires a valuation based on proxy markets that do not always correlate to the actual instrument, therefore they are categorized as Level 3. FTRs are categorized as Level 3 fair value measurements because the only relevant pricing
available comes from ISO auctions, which are generally not considered to be liquid markets. Other modeled commodity derivatives have unobservable inputs in their valuation, mostly due to non-transparent and illiquid markets. Alternative investments
are categorized as Level 3 due to the absence of quoted market prices, illiquidity and the long-term nature of these assets. These investments are generally valued using NAV based on the proportionate share of the fair value as determined by
reference to the most recent audited fair value financial statements or fair value statements provided by the investment manager adjusted for any significant events occurring between the investment manager’s and the Companies’ measurement
date. 
 Dominion and Virginia Power enter into certain physical and financial forwards and futures, options, and full
requirements contracts, which are considered Level 3 as they have one or more inputs that are not observable and are significant to the valuation. The discounted cash flow method is used to value Level 3 physical and financial forwards, futures, and
full requirements contracts. The discounted cash flow model for forwards and futures calculates mark-to-market valuations based on forward market prices, original transaction prices, volumes, risk-free rate of return, and credit spreads. Full
requirements contracts add load shaping and usage factors in addition to the discounted cash flow model inputs. An option model is used to value Level 3 physical and financial options. The option model calculates mark-to-market valuations using
variations of the Black-Scholes option model. The inputs into the models are the forward market prices, implied price volatilities, risk-free rate of return, the option expiration dates, the option strike prices, price correlations, the original
sales prices, and volumes. For Level 3 fair value measurements, the forward market prices, the implied price volatilities, price correlations, load shaping, and usage factors are considered unobservable. The unobservable inputs are developed and
substantiated using historical information, available market data, third-party data, and statistical analysis. Periodically, inputs to valuation models are reviewed and revised as needed, based on historical information, updated market data, market
liquidity and relationships, and changes in third-party pricing sources. 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The following table presents Dominion’s quantitative information about Level 3 fair
value measurements. The range and weighted average are presented in dollars for market price inputs and percentages for price volatility, price correlations, load shaping, and usage factors. 

 Fair Value (millions) 

 Valuation Techniques 

 Unobservable Input 

 Range 

 Weighted
Average (1) 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Assets: 

 Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 

 Natural Gas (2) 

 $ 

 13 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per Dth) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (1) – 6 

 3 

 Electricity 

 6 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MWh) 

 (3 

 ) 

 30 – 85 

 50 

 FTRs 

 5 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MWh) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (6) – 7 

 1 

 Capacity 

 7 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MW) 

 (3 

 ) 

 95 – 115 

 101 

 Liquids (8) 

 21 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per Gal) 

 (3 

 ) 

 0 – 3 

 1 

 Physical and Financial Options: 

 Natural Gas 

 5 

 Option Model 

 Market Price (per Dth) 

 (3 

 ) 

 3 – 5 

 4 

 Price Volatility 

 (4 

 ) 

 21% – 36% 

 24 

 % 

 Price Correlation 

 (5 

 ) 

 73% – 73% 

 73 

 % 

 Full Requirements Contracts: 

 Electricity 

 27 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MWh) 

 (3 

 ) 

 8 – 439 (9) 

 40 

 Load Shaping 

 (6 

 ) 

 0% – 10% 

 5 

 % 

 Usage Factor 

 (7 

 ) 

 2% – 16% 

 8 

 % 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 84 

 Liabilities: 

 Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 

 Natural Gas (2) 

 $ 

 18 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per Dth) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (1) – 18 

 3 

 Electricity 

 1 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MWh) 

 (3 

 ) 

 25 – 65 

 39 

 FTRs 

 3 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per MWh) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (1) – 18 

 0 

 Liquids (8) 

 25 

 Discounted Cash Flow 

 Market Price (per Gal) 

 (3 

 ) 

 1 – 3 

 2 

 Physical and Financial Options: 

 Natural Gas (2) 

 12 

 Option Model 

 Market Price (per Dth) 

 (3 

 ) 

 3 – 8 

 5 

 Price Volatility 

 (4 

 ) 

 21% – 36% 

 32 

 % 

 Price Correlation 

 (5 

 ) 

 99% 

 99 

 % 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 

 59 

 (1) 

 Averages weighted by volume. 

 (2) 

 Includes basis. 

 (3) 

 Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 & 2. 

 (4) 

 Represents volatilities unrepresented in published markets. 

 (5) 

 Represents intra-price correlations for which markets do not exist. 

 (6) 

 Converts block monthly loads to 24-hour load shapes. 

 (7) 

 Represents expected increase (decrease) in sales volumes compared to historical usage. 

 (8) 

 Includes NGLs. 

 (9) 

 The range in market prices is the result of large variability in hourly power prices during peak and off-peak hours. 

 Sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in the significant unobservable inputs is as follows:

 Significant Unobservable
Inputs 

 Position 

 Change to Input 

 Impact on Fair Value
Measurement 

 Market Price 

 Buy 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Gain (loss) 

 Market Price 

 Sell 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Loss (gain) 

 Price Volatility 

 Buy 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Gain (loss) 

 Price Volatility 

 Sell 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Loss (gain) 

 Price Correlation 

 Buy 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Loss (gain) 

 Price Correlation 

 Sell 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Gain (loss) 

 Load Factor 

 Sell (1) 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Loss (gain) 

 Usage Factor 

 Sell (2) 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Gain (loss) 

 (1) 

 Assumes the contract is in a gain position and load increases during peak hours. 

 (2) 

 Assumes the contract is in a gain position. 

 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 

 M ERCHANT P OWER S TATIONS 
 In the third quarter of 2012, Dominion decided to pursue the sale of Brayton Point and Kincaid, as well as its 50% interest in Elwood, which is an equity method investment. Since Dominion is unlikely to
operate the Brayton Point and Kincaid facilities

through their estimated useful lives, Dominion evaluated these power stations for recoverability under a probability weighted approach and concluded that the carrying values of these facilities
were not impaired as of September 30, 2012. 
 At December 31, 2012, Dominion updated its recoverability analysis for
Brayton Point and Kincaid to reflect bids received and an updated probability weighting. As a result of this updated evaluation, Dominion recorded an impairment charge of approximately $1.6 billion ($1.0 billion after-tax), which is included in
other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income, to write down Brayton Point’s and Kincaid’s long-lived assets to their estimated fair value of approximately $216 million. Dominion used a market approach to
estimate the fair value of Brayton Point’s and Kincaid’s long-lived assets. This was considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given it was based on bids received. 

 Any sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid, or Dominion’s 50% interest in Elwood would be subject to the approval of Dominion’s Board
of Directors, as well as applicable regulatory approvals. 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 In April 2011, Dominion announced it would pursue a sale of Kewaunee since it was not able
to move forward with its original plan to grow its nuclear fleet in the Midwest to take advantage of economies of scale. Dominion was unable to find a buyer for the facility. In addition, the power purchase agreements for the two utilities that
contract to buy Kewaunee’s generation will expire in December 2013 at a time of projected low wholesale electricity prices in the region. At September 30, 2012, Dominion expected that it would permanently cease generation operations at
Kewaunee in 2013 and commence decommissioning of the facility. As a result, Dominion evaluated Kewaunee for impairment since it was more likely than not that Kewaunee would be retired before the end of its previously estimated useful life. As
management was not aware of any recent market transactions for comparable assets with sufficient transparency to develop a market approach to fair value, Dominion used the income approach (discounted cash flows) to estimate the fair value of
Kewaunee’s long-lived assets. This was considered a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of significant unobservable inputs including estimates of future power and other commodity prices. 

 As a result of this evaluation in September 2012, Dominion recorded impairment and other charges of $435 million ($281 million after-tax)
largely reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income. This primarily reflects a $378 million ($244 million after-tax) charge for the full impairment of Kewaunee’s long-lived assets, a write down
of materials and supplies inventories of $33 million ($21 million after-tax), and a $24 million ($16 million after-tax) charge related to severance costs. 
 The decision to decommission Kewaunee was approved by Dominion’s Board of Directors in October 2012 after consideration of the factors discussed above, which made it uneconomic for Kewaunee to
continue operations. The station is expected to cease power production in the second quarter of 2013 and commence decommissioning activities. Following station shutdown, Dominion plans to meet its obligations to the two utilities that purchase
Kewaunee’s generation through market purchases, until the power purchase agreements expire in December 2013. 
 In June 2010, Dominion evaluated State Line for impairment due to the station’s relatively low level of profitability combined with the EPA’s issuance of a new stringent 1-hour primary NAAQS for
SO 2 that would likely require significant environmental
capital expenditures in the future. As a result of this evaluation, Dominion recorded an impairment charge of $163 million ($107 million after-tax), which is now reflected in loss from discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statement of
Income, to write down State Line’s long-lived assets to their estimated fair value of $59 million. 
 During March 2011,
Dominion determined that it was unlikely that State Line would participate in the May 2011 PJM capacity base residual auction that would commit State Line’s capacity from June 2014 through May 2015. This determination reflected an
expectation that margins for coal-fired generation will remain compressed in the 2014 and 2015 period in combination with the expectation that State Line may be impacted during the same time period by environmental regulations that would likely
require significant capital expenditures. As a result, Dominion evaluated State Line for impairment since it was more likely than

not that State Line would be retired before the end of its previously estimated useful life. As a result of this evaluation, Dominion recorded an impairment charge of $55 million ($39
million after-tax), which is now reflected in loss from discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statement of Income, to write down State Line’s long-lived assets to their estimated fair value of less than $1 million. State Line was retired
in March 2012 and sold in the second quarter of 2012. 
 In December 2010, Dominion recorded an impairment charge of $31 million
($20 million after-tax), which is now reflected in loss from discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statement of Income, to write down the long-lived assets of Salem Harbor to their estimated fair value of less than $1 million as a result of
profitability issues. 
 As management was not aware of any recent market transactions for comparable assets with sufficient
transparency to develop a market approach to fair value, Dominion used the income approach (discounted cash flows) to estimate the fair value of State Line’s and Salem Harbor’s long-lived assets in these impairment tests. These were
considered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of significant unobservable inputs including estimates of future power and other commodity prices. 
 In the second quarter of 2012, an agreement was reached to sell Salem Harbor and the assets and liabilities to be disposed were classified as held for sale and adjusted to their estimated fair value less
cost to sell. This resulted in a pre-tax charge of $27 million ($16 million after-tax), which is included in loss from discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. This was considered a Level 2 fair value
measurement as it was based on the negotiated sales price. Salem Harbor was sold in the third quarter of 2012. 
 E MISSIONS 
A LLOWANCES 
 In September 2010, Virginia Power evaluated its SO 2 emissions allowances not expected to be consumed by its generating units
for potential impairment due to the significant decline in market prices since the July 2010 release of the EPA’s proposed replacement rule for CAIR, ultimately known as CSAPR. As a result of this evaluation, Virginia Power recorded an
impairment charge of $13 million ($8 million after-tax) in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income, to write down its SO 2 emissions allowances not expected to be consumed to their estimated fair value of less than $1 million. 

 In the third quarter of 2011, Dominion and Virginia Power evaluated their SO 2 emissions allowances not expected to be consumed by generating units for
potential impairment due to the EPA’s issuance of CSAPR as discussed in Note 22. Prior to the issuance of CSAPR, Dominion and Virginia Power held $57 million and $43 million, respectively, of SO 2 emissions allowances obtained for ARP and CAIR compliance. Due to
CSAPR’s establishment of a new allowance program and the elimination of CAIR, Dominion and Virginia Power had more
SO 2 emissions allowances than needed for ARP compliance. As a
result of this evaluation, Dominion and Virginia Power recorded an impairment charge of $57 million ($34 million after-tax) and $43 million ($26 million after-tax), respectively, in other operations and maintenance expense in their Consolidated
Statements of 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Income, to write down these emissions allowances to their estimated fair value of less than $1 million. 

 To estimate the value of these emissions allowances in both impairment tests, Dominion utilized a market approach by
obtaining broker quotes to validate CSAPR’s impact on emissions allowance prices. However, due to limited market activity for future SO 2 vintage year allowances, these are considered a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Fair value
measurements are separately disclosed by level within the fair value hierarchy with a separate reconciliation of fair value measurements categorized as Level 3. Fair value disclosures for assets held in Dominion’s pension and other
postretirement benefit plans are presented in Note 21. 
 D OMINION 
 The following table presents Dominion’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy level, including both current and noncurrent portions:

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Assets: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 12 

 $ 

 639 

 $ 

 84 

 $ 

 735 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 93 

 — 

 93 

 Investments (1) : 

 Equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 1,973 

 — 

 — 

 1,973 

 Other 

 59 

 — 

 — 

 59 

 Non-U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 12 

 — 

 — 

 12 

 Fixed Income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 — 

 325 

 — 

 325 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 391 

 152 

 — 

 543 

 State and municipal 

 — 

 315 

 — 

 315 

 Other 

 — 

 7 

 — 

 7 

 Cash equivalents and other 

 13 

 67 

 — 

 80 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 — 

 33 

 — 

 33 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 2,460 

 $ 

 1,631 

 $ 

 84 

 $ 

 4,175 

 Liabilities: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 528 

 $ 

 59 

 $ 

 595 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 66 

 — 

 66 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 594 

 $ 

 59 

 $ 

 661 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 At December 31, 2011 

 Assets: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 828 

 $ 

 93 

 $ 

 965 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 105 

 — 

 105 

 Investments (1) : 

 Equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 1,718 

 — 

 — 

 1,718 

 Other 

 51 

 — 

 — 

 51 

 Non-U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 10 

 — 

 — 

 10 

 Fixed Income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 — 

 332 

 — 

 332 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 277 

 181 

 — 

 458 

 State and municipal 

 — 

 329 

 — 

 329 

 Other 

 — 

 23 

 — 

 23 

 Cash equivalents and other 

 — 

 60 

 — 

 60 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 — 

 141 

 — 

 141 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 2,100 

 $ 

 1,999 

 $ 

 93 

 $ 

 4,192 

 Liabilities: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 714 

 $ 

 164 

 $ 

 888 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 269 

 — 

 269 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 983 

 $ 

 164 

 $ 

 1,157 

 (1) 

 Includes investments held in the nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts. 

 The following table presents the net change in Dominion’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Balance at January 1, 

 $ 

 (71 

 ) 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 (66 

 ) 

 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

 Included in earnings 

 (15 

 ) 

 (77 

 ) 

 43 

 Included in other comprehensive income (loss) 

 101 

 14 

 (49 

 ) 

 Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 

 30 

 (42 

 ) 

 24 

 Settlements 

 47 

 88 

 (38 

 ) 

 Transfers out of Level 3 

 (67 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 36 

 Balance at December 31, 

 $ 

 25 

 $ 

 (71 

 ) 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 $ 

 42 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table presents Dominion’s gains and losses included in earnings in the
Level 3 fair value category: 

 Operating
Revenue 

 Electric Fuel
and Energy
Purchases 

 Purchased
Gas 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Total gains (losses) included in earnings 

 $ 

 35 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (15 

 ) 

 The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 42 

 — 

 — 

 42 

 Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Total gains (losses) included in earnings 

 $ 

 (32 

 ) 

 $ 

 (45 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (77 

 ) 

 The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 22 

 — 

 — 

 22 

 Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Total gains (losses) included in earnings 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 $ 

 43 

 The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 (4 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (4 

 ) 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 The following table presents Virginia Power’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy level, including both current and noncurrent portions:

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Assets: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 6 

 Investments (1) : 

 Equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 779 

 — 

 — 

 779 

 Other 

 27 

 — 

 — 

 27 

 Fixed Income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 — 

 196 

 — 

 196 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 168 

 66 

 — 

 234 

 State and municipal 

 — 

 118 

 — 

 118 

 Other 

 — 

 1 

 — 

 1 

 Cash equivalents and other 

 7 

 31 

 — 

 38 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 — 

 10 

 — 

 10 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 981 

 $ 

 423 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 1,409 

 Liabilities: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 9 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 25 

 — 

 25 

 Total Liabilities 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 31 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 34 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 At December 31, 2011 

 Assets: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 2 

 Investments (1) : 

 Equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 679 

 — 

 — 

 679 

 Other 

 23 

 — 

 — 

 23 

 Fixed Income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 — 

 214 

 — 

 214 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 107 

 63 

 — 

 170 

 State and municipal 

 — 

 125 

 — 

 125 

 Other 

 — 

 16 

 — 

 16 

 Cash equivalents and other 

 — 

 40 

 — 

 40 

 Restricted cash equivalents 

 — 

 32 

 — 

 32 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 809 

 $ 

 490 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 1,301 

 Liabilities: 

 Derivatives: 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 47 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 100 

 — 

 100 

 Total Liabilities 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 117 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 147 

 (1) 

 Includes investments held in the nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts. 

 The following table presents the net change in Virginia Power’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Balance at January 1, 

 $ 

 (28 

 ) 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 (10 

 ) 

 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

 Included in earnings 

 (50 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 51 

 Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 

 30 

 (42 

 ) 

 24 

 Settlements 

 50 

 45 

 (51 

 ) 

 Transfers out of Level 3 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Balance at December 31, 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 (28 

 ) 

 $ 

 14 

 The gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category, including those attributable
to the change in unrealized gains and losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date, were classified in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years
ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. There were no unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category relating to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31,
2012, 2011 and 2010. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Substantially all of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described below that are reported at historical cost.
Estimated fair values have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, customer and other receivables, short-term debt and
accounts payable are representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. For Dominion’s and
Vir- 

 81 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

ginia Power’s financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value, the carrying amounts and fair values are as follows: 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Carrying
Amount 

 Estimated
Fair 
Value (1) 

 Carrying
Amount 

 Estimated
Fair 
Value (1) 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Long-term debt, including securities due within one
year (2) 

 $ 

 16,841 

 $ 

 19,898 

 $ 

 16,264 

 $ 

 18,936 

 Long-term debt, including securities due within one
year—VIE (3) 

 860 

 864 

 890 

 892 

 Junior subordinated notes 

 1,373 

 1,430 

 1,719 

 1,786 

 Subsidiary preferred
stock (4) 

 257 

 255 

 257 

 256 

 Virginia Power 

 Long-term debt, including securities due within one
year (2) 

 $ 

 6,669 

 $ 

 8,270 

 $ 

 6,862 

 $ 

 8,281 

 Preferred
stock (4) 

 257 

 255 

 257 

 256 

 (1) 

 Fair value is estimated using market prices, where available, and interest rates currently available for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining
maturities. All fair value measurements are classified as Level 2. The carrying amount of debt issues with short-term maturities and variable rates refinanced at current market rates is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.

 (2) 

 Includes amounts which represent the unamortized discount and premium. At December 31, 2012, and 2011, includes the valuation of certain fair value hedges
associated with Dominion’s fixed rate debt, of approximately $93 million and $105 million, respectively. 

 (3) 

 Includes amounts which represent the unamortized premium. 

 (4) 

 Includes deferred issuance expenses of $2 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 N OTE 7. D ERIVATIVES AND H EDGE A CCOUNTING 
A CTIVITIES 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price of electricity, natural gas and other
energy-related products they market and purchase, as well as currency exchange and interest rate risks of their business operations. The Companies use derivative instruments to manage exposure to these risks, and designate certain derivative
instruments as fair value or cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. As discussed in Note 2, for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation, changes in the fair value of derivatives are deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory
liabilities until the related transactions impact earnings. See Note 6 for further information about fair value measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives.

 D OMINION 
 The following table presents the volume of Dominion’s derivative activity as of December 31, 2012. These volumes are based on open derivative positions and represent the combined absolute
value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions. 

 Current 

 Noncurrent 

 Natural Gas (bcf): 

 Fixed price (1) 

 249 

 68 

 Basis (1) 

 786 

 534 

 Electricity (MWh): 

 Fixed price (1) 

 20,100,938 

 12,582,674 

 FTRs 

 46,851,683 

 — 

 Capacity (MW) 

 151,025 

 148,461 

 Liquids (gallons) (2) 

 164,682,000 

 145,698,000 

 Interest rate 

 $ 

 1,500,000,000 

 $ 

 2,250,000,000 

 (1) 

 Includes options. 

 (2) 

 Includes NGLs and oil. 

 For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, gains or losses on hedging instruments determined to be ineffective and amounts
excluded from the assessment of effectiveness were not material. Amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness include gains or losses attributable to changes in the time value of options and changes in the differences between spot prices
and forward prices. 
 The following table presents selected information related to gains (losses) on cash flow hedges included
in AOCI in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2012: 

 AOCI
After-Tax 

 Amounts Expected
to be Reclassified
to Earnings during
the next
12
Months After-Tax 

 Maximum
Term 

 (millions) 

 Commodities: 

 Gas 

 $ 

 (28 

 ) 

 $ 

 (24 

 ) 

 27 months 

 Electricity 

 68 

 17 

 36 months 

 Other 

 3 

 2 

 41 months 

 Interest rate 

 (165 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 361 months 

 Total 

 $ 

 (122 

 ) 

 $ 

 (26 

 ) 

 The amounts that will be reclassified from AOCI to earnings will generally be offset by the recognition of
the hedged transactions (e.g., anticipated sales) in earnings, thereby achieving the realization of prices contemplated by the underlying risk management strategies and will vary from the expected amounts presented above as a result of changes in
market prices and interest rates. 
 The sale of the majority of Dominion’s remaining E&P operations resulted in the
discontinuance of hedge accounting for certain cash flow hedges in 2010, as discussed in Note 3. 
 In addition, changes to
Dominion’s financing needs during the first and second quarters of 2010 resulted in the discontinuance of hedge accounting for certain cash flow hedges since it was determined that the forecasted interest payments would not occur. In connection
with the discontinuance of hedge accounting for these contracts, Dominion recognized a benefit recorded to interest and related charges reflecting the reclassification of gains

 82 

 Table of Contents 

from AOCI to earnings of $110 million ($67 million after-tax) for 2010. The reclassification of gains from AOCI to earnings was partially offset by subsequent changes in fair value for these
contracts of $37 million ($23 million after-tax) for 2010. 
 Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments 

 The following tables present the fair values of Dominion’s derivatives and where they are presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Fair Value -
Derivatives
under
Hedge
Accounting 

 Fair Value -
Derivatives
not under
Hedge
Accounting 

 Total
Fair
Value 

 (millions) 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 103 

 $ 

 379 

 $ 

 482 

 Interest rate 

 36 

 — 

 36 

 Total current derivative assets 

 139 

 379 

 518 

 Noncurrent Assets 

 Commodity 

 130 

 123 

 253 

 Interest rate 

 57 

 — 

 57 

 Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 

 187 

 123 

 310 

 Total derivative assets 

 $ 

 326 

 $ 

 502 

 $ 

 828 

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 103 

 $ 

 341 

 $ 

 444 

 Interest rate 

 66 

 — 

 66 

 Total current derivative liabilities 

 169 

 341 

 510 

 Noncurrent Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 58 

 93 

 151 

 Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

 58 

 93 

 151 

 Total derivative liabilities 

 $ 

 227 

 $ 

 434 

 $ 

 661 

 At December 31, 2011 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 176 

 $ 

 495 

 $ 

 671 

 Interest rate 

 34 

 — 

 34 

 Total current derivative assets 

 210 

 495 

 705 

 Noncurrent Assets 

 Commodity 

 198 

 96 

 294 

 Interest rate 

 71 

 — 

 71 

 Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 

 269 

 96 

 365 

 Total derivative assets 

 $ 

 479 

 $ 

 591 

 $ 

 1,070 

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 162 

 $ 

 530 

 $ 

 692 

 Interest rate 

 222 

 37 

 259 

 Total current derivative liabilities 

 384 

 567 

 951 

 Noncurrent Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 118 

 78 

 196 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 10 

 10 

 Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

 118 

 88 

 206 

 Total derivative liabilities 

 $ 

 502 

 $ 

 655 

 $ 

 1,157 

 (1) 

 Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other deferred charges and other assets in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 (2) 

 Noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 The following tables present the gains and losses on Dominion’s derivatives, as well as where the
associated activity is presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income: 

 Derivatives in cash flow hedging
relationships
Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Amount of
Gain (Loss)
Recognized
in AOCI
on
Derivatives
(Effective
Portion) (1) 

 Amount of
Gain (Loss)
Reclassified
from AOCI
to Income 

 Increase
(Decrease)
in
Derivatives
Subject to
Regulatory
Treatment (2) 

 (millions) 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 188 

 Purchased gas 

 (75 

 ) 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 (17 

 ) 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 71 

 $ 

 96 

 $ 

 10 

 Interest
rate (3) 

 (84 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (13 

 ) 

 $ 

 94 

 $ 

 (25 

 ) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 153 

 Purchased gas 

 (78 

 ) 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 (2 

 ) 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 1 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 137 

 $ 

 74 

 $ 

 (20 

 ) 

 Interest
rate (3) 

 (252 

 ) 

 (8 

 ) 

 (143 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (115 

 ) 

 $ 

 66 

 $ 

 (163 

 ) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 557 

 Purchased gas 

 (155 

 ) 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 (8 

 ) 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 3 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 139 

 $ 

 397 

 $ 

 (17 

 ) 

 Interest rate (3) 

 (3 

 ) 

 109 

 (27 

 ) 

 Foreign
currency (4) 

 — 

 1 

 (2 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 136 

 $ 

 507 

 $ 

 (46 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (2) 

 Represents net derivative activity deferred into and amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no
associated effect in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (3) 

 Amounts recorded in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges. 

 (4) 

 Amounts recorded in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases.

 83 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments 

 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in
Income on Derivatives (1) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 168 

 $ 

 111 

 $ 

 67 

 Purchased gas 

 (14 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 (40 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 51 

 Interest
rate (2) 

 17 

 (5 

 ) 

 (37 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 131 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 40 

 (1) 

 Includes derivative activity amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no associated effect in
Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (2) 

 Amounts recorded in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 The
following table presents the volume of Virginia Power’s derivative activity at December 31, 2012. These volumes are based on open derivative positions and represent the combined absolute value of their long and short positions, except
in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions. 

 Current 

 Noncurrent 

 Natural Gas (bcf): 

 Fixed price 

 16 

 — 

 Basis 

 8 

 — 

 Electricity (MWh): 

 Fixed price 

 709,600 

 — 

 FTRs 

 43,570,739 

 — 

 Capacity (MW) 

 107,000 

 93,800 

 Interest rate 

 $ 

 500,000,000 

 $ 

 250,000,000 

 For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, gains or losses on hedging instruments
determined to be ineffective and amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness were not material. Amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness include gains or losses attributable to the time value of options and changes in the
differences between spot prices and forward prices. 

 Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments 

 The following tables present the fair values of Virginia Power’s derivatives and where they are presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets:

 At December 31, 2012 

 Fair Value -
Derivatives
under
Hedge
Accounting 

 Fair Value -
Derivatives
not under
Hedge
Accounting 

 Total
Fair
Value 

 (millions) 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 6 

 Total current derivative
assets (1) 

 1 

 5 

 6 

 Total derivative assets 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 6 

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 8 

 Interest rate 

 25 

 — 

 25 

 Total current derivative liabilities 

 30 

 3 

 33 

 Noncurrent Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 1 

 — 

 1 

 Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

 1 

 — 

 1 

 Total derivative liabilities 

 $ 

 31 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 34 

 At December 31, 2011 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 2 

 Total current derivative
assets (1) 

 — 

 2 

 2 

 Total derivative assets 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 2 

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 31 

 $ 

 45 

 Interest rate 

 53 

 37 

 90 

 Total current derivative liabilities 

 67 

 68 

 135 

 Noncurrent Liabilities 

 Commodity 

 2 

 — 

 2 

 Interest rate 

 — 

 10 

 10 

 Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 

 2 

 10 

 12 

 Total derivative liabilities 

 $ 

 69 

 $ 

 78 

 $ 

 147 

 (1) 

 Current derivative assets are presented in other current assets in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 (2) 

 Noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 84 

 Table of Contents 

 The following tables present the gains and losses on Virginia Power’s derivatives,
as well as where the associated activity is presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income: 

 Derivatives in cash flow hedging 

 relationships 
 Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Amount of Gain
(Loss)
Recognized in
AOCI
on
Derivatives
(Effective
Portion) (1) 

 Amount of
Gain (Loss)
Reclassified
from AOCI to
Income 

 Increase
(Decrease) in
Derivatives
Subject to
Regulatory
Treatment (2) 

 (millions) 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 $ 

 10 

 Interest
rate (3) 

 (6 

 ) 

 — 

 (35 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (8 

 ) 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 $ 

 (25 

 ) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 1 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (20 

 ) 

 Interest
rate (3) 

 (6 

 ) 

 1 

 (143 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (9 

 ) 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 (163 

 ) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity: 

 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 Purchased electric capacity 

 4 

 Total commodity 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 (17 

 ) 

 Interest rate (3) 

 (1 

 ) 

 9 

 (27 

 ) 

 Foreign
currency (4) 

 — 

 — 

 (2 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 12 

 $ 

 (46 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (2) 

 Represents net derivative activity deferred into and amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no
associated effect in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (3) 

 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges. 

 (4) 

 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases.

 Derivatives not designated as hedging 

 instruments 

 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized
in Income on Derivatives (1) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 

 Commodity (2) 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 (45 

 ) 

 $ 

 51 

 Interest
rate (3) 

 — 

 (5 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 48 

 (1) 

 Includes derivative activity amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no associated effect in
Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 (2) 

 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases.

 (3) 

 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges.

 N OTE 8. E ARNINGS P ER S HARE 

 The following table presents the calculation of Dominion’s basic and diluted EPS: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions, except EPS) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 $ 

 302 

 $ 

 1,408 

 $ 

 2,808 

 Average shares of common stock outstanding-Basic 

 572.9 

 573.1 

 588.9 

 Net effect of potentially dilutive securities (1) 

 1.0 

 1.5 

 1.2 

 Average shares of common stock outstanding-Diluted 

 573.9 

 574.6 

 590.1 

 Earnings Per Common Share-Basic 

 $ 

 0.53 

 $ 

 2.46 

 $ 

 4.77 

 Earnings Per Common Share-Diluted 

 $ 

 0.53 

 $ 

 2.45 

 $ 

 4.76 

 (1) 

 Potentially dilutive securities consist of options, goal-based stock and contingently convertible senior notes.

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 There were no potentially dilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted
EPS for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 N OTE 9. I NVESTMENTS 

 D OMINION 
 Equity and
Debt Securities 
 R ABBI T RUST S ECURITIES 

 Marketable equity and debt securities and cash equivalents held in Dominion’s rabbi trusts and classified as trading totaled $95 million and $90
million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Cost-method investments held in Dominion’s rabbi trusts totaled $14 million and $17 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 D ECOMMISSIONING T RUST S ECURITIES 
 Dominion holds marketable equity and debt securities (classified as available-for-sale), cash equivalents and cost method investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds to fund future decommissioning
costs for its nuclear plants. Dominion’s decommissioning trust funds are summarized below: 

 Amortized
Cost 

 Total
Unrealized
Gains (1) 

 Total
Unrealized
Losses (1) 

 Fair
Value 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Marketable equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 $ 

 1,210 

 $ 

 732 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,942 

 Other 

 40 

 13 

 — 

 53 

 Marketable debt securities: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 295 

 30 

 — 

 325 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 523 

 19 

 (2 

 ) 

 540 

 State and municipal 

 248 

 26 

 — 

 274 

 Other 

 6 

 1 

 — 

 7 

 Cost method investments 

 117 

 — 

 — 

 117 

 Cash equivalents and
other (2) 

 72 

 — 

 — 

 72 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,511 

 $ 

 821 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) (3) 

 $ 

 3,330 

 2011 

 Marketable equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 $ 

 1,152 

 $ 

 537 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,689 

 Other 

 36 

 10 

 — 

 46 

 Marketable debt securities: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 314 

 19 

 (1 

 ) 

 332 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 437 

 20 

 (1 

 ) 

 456 

 State and municipal 

 264 

 24 

 — 

 288 

 Other 

 23 

 1 

 — 

 24 

 Cost method investments 

 118 

 — 

 — 

 118 

 Cash equivalents and
other (2) 

 46 

 — 

 — 

 46 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,390 

 $ 

 611 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) (3) 

 $ 

 2,999 

 (1) 

 Included in AOCI and the decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2. 

 (2) 

 Includes pending purchases of securities of $6 million and $11 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 (3) 

 The fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $195 million and $164 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

 The fair value of Dominion’s marketable debt securities held in nuclear
decommissioning trust funds at December 31, 2012 by contractual maturity is as follows: 

 Amount 

 (millions) 

 Due in one year or less 

 $ 

 116 

 Due after one year through five years 

 304 

 Due after five years through ten years 

 357 

 Due after ten years 

 369 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,146 

 Presented below is selected information regarding Dominion’s marketable equity and
debt securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Proceeds from sales 

 $ 

 1,356 

 $ 

 1,757 

 $ 

 1,814 

 (1) 

 Realized gains (2) 

 98 

 79 

 111 

 Realized
losses (2) 

 33 

 92 

 63 

 (1) 

 Does not include $1 billion of proceeds reflected in Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows from the sale of temporary investments

 86 

 Table of Contents 

consisting of time deposits and Treasury Bills, purchased following the sale of substantially all of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations. 

 (2) 

 Includes realized gains and losses recorded to the decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2. 

 Dominion recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Total other-than-temporary impairment losses (1) 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 75 

 $ 

 59 

 Losses recorded to decommissioning trust regulatory liability 

 (10 

 ) 

 (24 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 Losses recognized in other comprehensive income (before taxes) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 Net impairment losses recognized in earnings 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 48 

 $ 

 35 

 (1) 

 Amounts include other-than-temporary impairment losses for debt securities of $4 million, $6 million and $10 million at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. 

 Equity Method Investments 
 Investments that Dominion accounts for under the equity method of accounting are as follows: 

 Company 

 Ownership% 

 Investment 

 Balance 

 Description 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Fowler I Holdings LLC 

 50 

 % 

 $ 

 158 

 $ 

 166 

 Wind-powered merchant
generation facility 

 NedPower Mount Storm LLC 

 50 

 % 

 137 

 146 

 Wind-powered merchant
generation facility 

 Elwood Energy LLC 

 50 

 % 

 117 

 108 

 Natural gas-fired
merchant generation
peaking facility 

 Iroquois Gas Transmission System, LP 

 24.72 

 % 

 102 

 104 

 Gas transmission
system 

 Blue Racer Midstream LLC 

 50 

 % 

 39 

 — 

 Midstream gas and
related services 

 Other (1) 

 various 

 5 

 29 

 Total 

 $ 

 558 

 $ 

 553 

 (1) 

 Dominion has a $50 million commitment to invest in clean power and technology businesses through 2018. 

 Dominion’s equity earnings on these investments totaled $25 million, $35 million and $42 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. Dominion received distributions from these investments of $58 million, $55 million and $60 million in 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying amount of Dominion’s investments
exceeded Dominion’s share of underlying equity in net assets by approximately $30 million and $32 million, respectively. The differences relate to Dominion’s investments in wind projects and primarily reflect its capitalized interest
during construction and the excess of its cash contributions over the book value of development assets contributed by Dominion’s partners for these projects. The differences are generally being amortized over the useful lives of the underlying
assets. 
 B LUE R ACER 
 In December 2012, Dominion formed a joint venture with Caiman to provide midstream services to natural gas producers operating in the Utica Shale region in Ohio and portions of Pennsylvania. The joint
venture, Blue Racer, is an equal
partner- 

ship between Dominion and Caiman, with Dominion contributing midstream assets and Caiman contributing private equity capital. In return for its December 2012 contribution of assets to the
joint venture, Dominion received a 50% interest in Blue Racer and received $115 million in cash proceeds, resulting in a gain of $72 million ($43 million after-tax), net of transaction fees of $9 million, which is recorded in other operations and
maintenance expense in Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income. The joint venture will leverage Dominion’s existing presence in the Utica region with significant additional new capacity designed to meet producer needs as the Utica
Shale acreage is developed. Midstream services offered will include gathering, processing, fractionation, and NGL transportation and marketing. In addition to the assets already contributed, Dominion expects to contribute additional gathering
assets, the Natrium extraction plant and related NGL Pipeline, and a DTI pipeline connecting East Ohio’s gathering system to Natrium. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Virginia Power holds marketable equity and debt securities (classified as available-for-sale), cash equivalents and cost method investments in nuclear
decommissioning trust funds to fund future decommissioning costs for its nuclear plants. Virginia Power’s decommissioning trust funds are summarized below: 

 Amortized
Cost 

 Total
Unrealized
Gains (1) 

 Total
Unrealized
Losses (1) 

 Fair
Value 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Marketable equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 $ 

 481 

 $ 

 298 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 779 

 Other 

 20 

 7 

 — 

 27 

 Marketable debt securities: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 179 

 17 

 — 

 196 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 231 

 4 

 (1 

 ) 

 234 

 State and municipal 

 106 

 11 

 — 

 117 

 Other 

 1 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 Cost method investments 

 117 

 — 

 — 

 117 

 Cash equivalents and
other (2) 

 44 

 — 

 — 

 44 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,179 

 $ 

 337 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) (3) 

 $ 

 1,515 

 2011 

 Marketable equity securities: 

 U.S.: 

 Large Cap 

 $ 

 460 

 $ 

 218 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 678 

 Other 

 18 

 5 

 — 

 23 

 Marketable debt securities: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 204 

 11 

 (1 

 ) 

 214 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 166 

 4 

 — 

 170 

 State and municipal 

 114 

 10 

 — 

 124 

 Other 

 16 

 1 

 (1 

 ) 

 16 

 Cost method investments 

 118 

 — 

 — 

 118 

 Cash equivalents and
other (2) 

 27 

 — 

 — 

 27 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,123 

 $ 

 249 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) (3) 

 $ 

 1,370 

 (1) 

 Included in AOCI and the decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2.

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 (2) 

 Includes pending sales of securities of $6 million and pending purchases of securities of $13 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

 (3) 

 The fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $104 million and $99 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

 The fair value of Virginia Power’s debt securities at December 31, 2012, by contractual maturity
is as follows: 

 Amount 

 (millions) 

 Due in one year or less 

 $ 

 18 

 Due after one year through five years 

 156 

 Due after five years through ten years 

 217 

 Due after ten years 

 157 

 Total 

 $ 

 548 

 Presented below is selected information regarding Virginia Power’s marketable equity and debt
securities. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Proceeds from sales 

 $ 

 626 

 $ 

 1,030 

 $ 

 1,192 

 Realized gains (1) 

 42 

 34 

 52 

 Realized
losses (1) 

 11 

 34 

 23 

 (1) 

 Includes realized gains and losses recorded to the decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2. 

 Virginia Power recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments as follows: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Total other-than-temporary impairment losses (1) 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 29 

 $ 

 25 

 Losses recorded to decommissioning trust regulatory liability 

 (10 

 ) 

 (24 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 Losses recorded in other comprehensive income (before taxes) 

 — 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Net impairment losses recognized in earnings 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 3 

 (1) 

 Amounts include other-than-temporary impairment losses for debt securities of $2 million, $4 million and $6 million at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. 

 O THER I NVESTMENTS 
 Dominion and Virginia Power hold restricted cash and cash equivalent balances that primarily consist of money market fund investments held in trust for the purpose of funding certain
qual- 

ifying construction projects. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, Dominion had $37 million and $147 million, respectively, and Virginia Power had $10 million and $32 million, respectively, of
restricted cash and cash equivalents. These balances are presented in Other Current Assets and Investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 N OTE 10. P ROPERTY , P LANT AND E QUIPMENT 

 Major classes of property, plant and equipment and their respective balances for the Companies are as follows: 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Utility: 

 Generation 

 $ 

 13,707 

 $ 

 11,793 

 Transmission 

 7,799 

 6,604 

 Distribution 

 11,071 

 10,401 

 Storage 

 2,137 

 2,060 

 Nuclear fuel 

 1,277 

 1,193 

 Gas gathering and processing 

 803 

 727 

 General and other 

 803 

 778 

 Other-including plant under construction 

 2,232 

 3,597 

 Total utility 

 39,829 

 37,153 

 Nonutility: 

 Merchant generation—nuclear 

 1,163 

 1,108 

 Merchant generation—other (1) 

 1,289 

 2,780 

 Nuclear fuel 

 775 

 847 

 Other-including plant under construction 

 1,265 

 1,102 

 Total nonutility 

 4,492 

 5,837 

 Total property, plant and equipment 

 $ 

 44,321 

 $ 

 42,990 

 Virginia Power 

 Utility: 

 Generation 

 $ 

 13,707 

 $ 

 11,793 

 Transmission 

 4,261 

 3,823 

 Distribution 

 8,701 

 8,231 

 Nuclear fuel 

 1,277 

 1,193 

 General and other 

 659 

 631 

 Other-including plant under construction 

 2,017 

 2,946 

 Total utility 

 30,622 

 28,617 

 Nonutility-other 

 9 

 9 

 Total property, plant and equipment 

 $ 

 30,631 

 $ 

 28,626 

 (1) 

 Amount includes $957 million due to consolidation of a VIE.

 88 

 Table of Contents 

 Jointly-Owned Power Stations 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s proportionate share of jointly-owned power stations at December 31, 2012 is as follows: 

 Bath
County
Pumped
Storage
Station (1) 

 North
Anna
Units 1
and 2 (1) 

 Clover
Power
Station (1)

 Millstone
Unit
3 (2) 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Ownership interest 

 60 

 % 

 88.4 

 % 

 50 

 % 

 93.5 

 % 

 Plant in service 

 $ 

 1,024 

 $ 

 2,392 

 $ 

 568 

 $ 

 993 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 (521 

 ) 

 (1,072 

 ) 

 (192 

 ) 

 (236 

 ) 

 Nuclear fuel 

 — 

 502 

 — 

 456 

 Accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel 

 — 

 (390 

 ) 

 — 

 (272 

 ) 

 Plant under construction 

 27 

 77 

 6 

 36 

 (1) 

 Units jointly owned by Virginia Power. 

 (2) 

 Unit jointly owned by Dominion. 

 The co-owners are obligated to pay their share of all future construction expenditures and operating costs of the jointly-owned facilities in the same proportion as their respective ownership interest.
Dominion and Virginia Power report their share of operating costs in the appropriate operating expense (electric fuel and other energy-related purchases, other operations and maintenance, depreciation, depletion and amortization and other taxes,
etc.) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 N OTE 11. G OODWILL AND I NTANGIBLE A SSETS 

 Goodwill 
 The changes in
Dominion’s carrying amount and segment allocation of goodwill are presented below: 

 Dominion
Generation 

 Dominion
Energy 

 DVP 

 Corporate
and
Other 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 (1) 

 $ 

 1,338 

 $ 

 712 

 $ 

 1,091 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 3,141 

 Impairments/adjustments 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 (1) 

 $ 

 1,338 

 $ 

 712 

 $ 

 1,091 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 3,141 

 Asset disposition adjustment 

 — 

 (11 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (11 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31,
2012 (1) 

 $ 

 1,338 

 $ 

 701 

 $ 

 1,091 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 3,130 

 (1) 

 Goodwill amounts do not contain any accumulated impairment losses. 

 Other Intangible Assets 
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s other intangible assets are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives. Dominion’s amortization expense for intangible assets was $82 million,
$78 million and $107 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. In 2012, Dominion acquired $102 million of intangible assets, primarily representing software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of approximately 19 years.
Amortization expense for Virginia Power’s intangible assets was $22 million, $22 million and $26 million for 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. In 2012, Virginia Power acquired $53 million of intangible assets, primarily representing software,
with an
esti- 

mated weighted-average amortization period of 31 years. The components of intangible assets are as follows: 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Gross
Carrying
Amount 

 Accumulated
Amortization 

 Gross
Carrying
Amount 

 Accumulated
Amortization 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Software, licenses and other 

 $ 

 859 

 $ 

 327 

 $ 

 888 

 $ 

 278 

 Emissions allowances 

 5 

 1 

 80 

 53 

 Total 

 $ 

 864 

 $ 

 328 

 $ 

 968 

 $ 

 331 

 Virginia Power 

 Software, licenses and other 

 $ 

 303 

 $ 

 122 

 $ 

 285 

 $ 

 102 

 Total 

 $ 

 303 

 $ 

 122 

 $ 

 285 

 $ 

 102 

 Annual amortization expense for these intangible assets is estimated to be as follows: 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 $ 

 65 

 $ 

 56 

 $ 

 43 

 $ 

 37 

 $ 

 25 

 Virginia Power 

 $ 

 20 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 12 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 5 

 89 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 N OTE 12. R EGULATORY A SSETS AND L IABILITIES 

 Regulatory assets and liabilities include the following: 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Regulatory assets: 

 Unrecovered gas costs (1) 

 $ 

 59 

 $ 

 48 

 Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 

 55 

 113 

 Virginia sales taxes (3) 

 37 

 32 

 Plant retirement (4) 

 25 

 27 

 Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (5) 

 — 

 249 

 Derivatives (6) 

 — 

 45 

 Other 

 27 

 27 

 Regulatory assets-current 

 203 

 541 

 Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit
costs (7) 

 1,210 

 887 

 Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 

 173 

 107 

 Income taxes recoverable through future rates (8) 

 140 

 121 

 Derivatives (6) 

 105 

 49 

 Other postretirement benefit costs (9) 

 21 

 26 

 Plant retirement (4) 

 11 

 25 

 Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (5) 

 — 

 122 

 Other 

 57 

 45 

 Regulatory assets-non-current 

 1,717 

 1,382 

 Total regulatory assets 

 $ 

 1,920 

 $ 

 1,923 

 Regulatory liabilities: 

 PIPP (10) 

 $ 

 100 

 $ 

 58 

 Provision for rate proceedings (11) 

 8 

 150 

 Other 

 28 

 35 

 Regulatory liabilities-current 

 136 

 243 

 Provision for future cost of removal and
AROs (12) 

 985 

 901 

 Decommissioning trust (13) 

 501 

 399 

 Other 

 28 

 24 

 Regulatory liabilities-non-current 

 1,514 

 1,324 

 Total regulatory liabilities 

 $ 

 1,650 

 $ 

 1,567 

 Virginia Power 

 Regulatory assets: 

 Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 113 

 Virginia sales taxes (3) 

 37 

 32 

 Plant retirement (4) 

 25 

 27 

 Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (5) 

 — 

 249 

 Derivatives (6) 

 — 

 45 

 Other 

 6 

 13 

 Regulatory assets-current 

 119 

 479 

 Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 

 127 

 70 

 Income taxes recoverable through future rates (8) 

 110 

 100 

 Derivatives (6) 

 105 

 49 

 Plant retirement (4) 

 11 

 25 

 Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (5) 

 — 

 122 

 Other 

 43 

 33 

 Regulatory assets-non-current 

 396 

 399 

 Total regulatory assets 

 $ 

 515 

 $ 

 878 

 Regulatory liabilities: 

 Provision for rate proceedings (11) 

 $ 

 7 

 $ 

 150 

 Other 

 25 

 28 

 Regulatory liabilities-current 

 32 

 178 

 Provision for future cost of removal (12) 

 763 

 687 

 Decommissioning trust (13) 

 501 

 399 

 Other 

 21 

 9 

 Regulatory liabilities-non-current 

 1,285 

 1,095 

 Total regulatory liabilities 

 $ 

 1,317 

 $ 

 1,273 

 (1) 

 Reflects unrecovered gas costs at Dominion’s regulated gas operations, which are recovered through quarterly or annual filings with the applicable regulatory
authority. 

 (2) 

 Reflects deferrals under the electric transmission FERC formula rate and the deferral of costs associated with certain current and prospective rider projects. See
Note 13 for more information. 

 (3) 

 Amounts to be recovered through an annual surcharge to reimburse Virginia Power for incremental sales taxes being incurred due to the repeal of the public service
company sales tax exemption in Virginia. 

 (4) 

 Reflects costs anticipated to be recovered in base rates for certain coal units expected to be retired. 

 (5) 

 Primarily reflects deferred fuel expenses for the Virginia jurisdiction of Virginia Power’s generation operations. See Note 13 for more information.

 (6) 

 As discussed under Derivative Instruments in Note 2, for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments
result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities as they are expected to be recovered from or refunded to customers. 

 (7) 

 Represents unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs expected to be recovered through future rates generally over the expected remaining service
period of plan participants by certain of Dominion’s rate-regulated subsidiaries. 

 (8) 

 Amounts to be recovered through future rates to pay income taxes that become payable when rate revenue is provided to recover AFUDC-equity and depreciation of
property, plant and equipment for which deferred income taxes were not recognized for ratemaking purposes, including amounts attributable to tax rate changes. 

 (9) 

 Primarily reflects costs recognized in excess of amounts included in regulated rates charged by Dominion’s regulated gas operations before rates were updated to
reflect a change in accounting method for other postretirement benefit costs. 

 (10) 

 Under PIPP, eligible customers can receive energy assistance based on their ability to pay. The difference between the customer’s total bill and the PIPP plan
amount is deferred and collected or returned annually under the PIPP rider according to East Ohio tariff provisions. See Note 13 for more information regarding PIPP. 

 (11) 

 Reflects a reserve associated with the Biennial Review Order. See Note 13 for more information. 

 (12) 

 Rates charged to customers by the Companies’ regulated businesses include a provision for the cost of future activities to remove assets that are expected to be
incurred at the time of retirement. 

 (13) 

 Primarily reflects a regulatory liability representing amounts collected from Virginia jurisdictional customers and placed in external trusts (including income,
losses and changes in fair value thereon) for the future decommissioning of Virginia Power’s utility nuclear generation stations, in excess of the related ARO. 

 At December 31, 2012, approximately $319 million of Dominion’s and $240 million of Virginia Power’s regulatory
assets represented past expenditures on which they do not currently earn a return. These expenditures are expected to be recovered within the next two years. 

 N OTE 13. R EGULATORY M ATTERS 

 Regulatory Matters Involving Potential Loss Contingencies 
 As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, Dominion and Virginia Power are involved in various regulatory matters. Certain regulatory matters may ultimately result in a loss;
however, such matters are in an initial procedural phase, involve uncertainty as to the outcome of pending reviews or orders, or involve significant factual issues that need to be resolved, such that it is not possible for the Companies to estimate
a range of possible loss. For such matters that the Companies cannot estimate, a statement to this effect is made in the description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the regulatory process such that the Companies
are able to esti- 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

mate a range of possible loss. For regulatory matters for which the Companies are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an estimated range of possible loss is provided, in
excess of the accrued liability (if any) for such matters. This estimated range is based on currently available information and involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties. This estimated range of possible loss does not represent the
Companies’ maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of such regulatory matters will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current matters not specifically reported below,
management does not anticipate that the outcome from such matters would have a material effect on Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. The following is a discussion of Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s material pending and recent regulatory matters. 
 FERC—Electric 

 Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. Virginia Power
purchases and sells electricity in the PJM wholesale market and Dominion’s merchant generators sell electricity in the PJM, MISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets under Dominion’s market-based sales tariffs authorized by FERC. In addition,
Virginia Power has FERC approval of a tariff to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of generation. This cost-based sales tariff could be used to sell to loads within or outside Virginia Power’s service territory. Any
such sales would be voluntary. 
 Rates 
 In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations to establish a forward-looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates on an annual
basis and approved an ROE of 11.4%, effective as of January 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for each calendar year and is updated based on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which
is based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power to earn a current return on its growing investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 
 In July 2008, Virginia Power filed an application with FERC requesting a revision to its revenue requirement to reflect an additional ROE incentive adder for eleven electric transmission enhancement
projects. Under the proposal, the cost of transmission service would increase to include an ROE incentive adder for each of the eleven projects, beginning the date each project enters commercial operation (but not before January 1, 2009).
Virginia Power proposed an incentive of 1.5% for four of the projects (including the Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun and Carson-to-Suffolk lines, which were completed in 2011) and an incentive of 1.25% for the other seven projects. In August 2008, FERC
approved the proposal, effective September 1, 2008, the incentives were included in the PJM Tariff, and billing for the incentives was made accordingly. In 2012, PJM canceled one of the eleven projects with an estimated cost of $7
million. The total cost for the other ten projects included in Virginia Power’s formula rate for 2013 is $852 million and the remaining projects were completed in 2012. Numerous parties sought rehearing of the FERC order in August
2008, and in May 2012 FERC denied

rehearing. In July 2012, the North Carolina Commission filed an appeal of the FERC orders granting the incentives with the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. Although Virginia Power
cannot predict the outcome of the appeal, it is not expected to have a material effect on results of operations. 
 In March
2010, ODEC and NCEMC filed a complaint with FERC against Virginia Power claiming that approximately $223 million in transmission costs related to specific projects were unjust, unreasonable and unduly discriminatory or preferential and should be
excluded from Virginia Power’s transmission formula rate. ODEC and NCEMC requested that FERC establish procedures to determine the amount of costs for each applicable project that should be excluded from Virginia Power’s rates. In October
2010, FERC issued an order dismissing the complaint in part and established hearings and settlement procedures on the remaining part of the complaint. In February 2012, Virginia Power submitted to FERC a settlement agreement to resolve all
issues set for hearing. All transmission customer parties to the proceeding joined the settlement. The Virginia Commission, North Carolina Commission and Public Staff of the North Carolina Commission, while not parties to the settlement, have
agreed to not oppose the settlement. The settlement was accepted by FERC in May 2012 and provides for payment by Virginia Power to the transmission customer parties collectively of $250,000 per year for ten years and resolves all matters other
than allocation of the incremental cost of certain underground transmission facilities, which has been briefed pursuant to FERC’s May 2012 order and awaits FERC action. While Virginia Power cannot predict the outcome of the briefing, it is
not expected to have a material effect on results of operations. 
 PJM 
 In November 2011, PJM issued a formal notification that it would recalculate certain ancillary service revenues that had previously been paid during 2009, 2010 and 2011. Also in November 2011, PJM
requested FERC permission to suspend its rebilling and repayment obligations associated with the recalculation of such revenues and petitioned FERC to establish a proceeding to determine the appropriate recalculations for the revenues during this
period. In December 2011, FERC permitted the suspension of rebilling and repayment by PJM, subject to the outcome of FERC’s proceedings to determine the appropriate revenue recalculation. In April 2012, FERC issued an Order
Establishing Hearing and Settlement Judge Procedures to address the appropriate recalculation of the ancillary service credits PJM will be required to collect from Virginia Power. In August 2012, PJM filed a settlement on behalf of itself,
Virginia Power and the PJM Market Monitor. In November 2012, FERC approved the settlement resolving all issues in the proceeding. As of September 30, 2012, Virginia Power had accrued a liability of $33 million, and in January 2013, Virginia
Power paid PJM approximately $33 million, resolving the matter. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 Electric Regulation in Virginia 
 The enactment of the Regulation Act in 2007 significantly
changed electric service regulation in Virginia by instituting a modified cost-of-service rate model. With respect to most classes of customers, the Regulation Act ended Virginia’s planned transition to retail competition for its electric
supply service. 

 91 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The Regulation Act authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for recovery of costs for
new generation projects, FERC-approved transmission costs, environmental compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs and renewable energy programs. It provides for enhanced returns on capital expenditures on specific new generation
projects, including but not limited to combined cycle gas generation, nuclear generation, clean coal/carbon capture compatible generation, and renewable generation projects. The Regulation Act also continues statutory provisions directing Virginia
Power to file annual fuel cost recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. Legislation was enacted in February 2013 that amends the Regulation Act prospectively. See Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A for a discussion of
this legislation. 
 If the Virginia Commission’s future rate decisions, including actions relating to Virginia Power’s
rate adjustment clause filings, differ materially from Virginia Power’s expectations, it may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 2011 Biennial Review 
 Pursuant to the Regulation Act and the Virginia Settlement Approval
Order, in March 2011, Virginia Power submitted its base rate filing and accompanying schedules in support of the first biennial review of its base rates, terms and conditions, as well as of its earnings for the 2009 and 2010 test period. The
biennial review included a determination of whether Virginia Power’s earnings for the 2009 and 2010 combined test years were within 50 basis points of the authorized ROE of 11.9% established in the Virginia Settlement Approval Order, as well as
authorization of an ROE which will be applicable to base rates and rate adjustment clauses and which will be used to measure base rate earnings during the 2013 biennial review proceeding. As a result of the Virginia Settlement Approval Order and the
Regulation Act, Virginia Power’s base rates are not subject to change based on the 2011 biennial review. In November 2011, the Virginia Commission issued the Biennial Review Order. 

 In the Biennial Review Order, the Virginia Commission declined to award a performance incentive for generating plant performance, customer
service or operating efficiency in connection with the 2009-2010 biennial review. Instead, in March 2012, the Virginia Commission issued an order initiating a rulemaking proceeding to develop specific performance metrics and nationally recognized
standards for determining positive or negative performance incentives for electric utilities. Such incentive criteria would be applied in future biennial review proceedings. 

 In September 2012, the Virginia Commission issued an Order for Notice and Hearing in the separate rulemaking proceeding to develop
specific performance standards based on nationally recognized standards for the Virginia Commission’s consideration in determining positive or negative performance incentives for electric utilities. The Virginia Commission modified the proposed
rules and regulations for performance incentives filed by the Staff of the Virginia Commission, allowed for further comments by November 2012 on the proposed rules and regulations as modified, and held a public hearing in November 2012. In January
2013, the Virginia Commission issued its order adopting revised performance incentive rules and regulations effective February 1, 2013.

 Base ROE 
 The Virginia Commission determined that Virginia Power’s new authorized ROE is 10.9%, inclusive of a performance incentive of 50 basis points for meeting certain RPS targets. As discussed below, this
ROE will serve as the ROE against which Virginia Power’s earned return will be compared for the test periods in the 2013 biennial review proceeding. The Virginia Commission ordered that the 50 basis point RPS performance incentive will not be
included in the ROE applicable to any rate adjustment clauses. 
 In December 2011, Virginia Power filed a petition with the
Virginia Commission seeking rehearing or reconsideration of the Biennial Review Order, to confirm the effective date of the newly authorized 10.9% base ROE. Virginia Power’s petition requested the Virginia Commission to confirm that the 10.9%
ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order would apply prospectively, effective following the date of the Biennial Review Order on November 30, 2011, and that Virginia Power’s previously-approved 11.9% base ROE authorized in the Virginia
Settlement Approval Order would be used to measure base rate earnings for the period January 1, 2011 through November 30, 2011. In March 2012, the Virginia Commission issued an order denying Virginia Power’s petition seeking rehearing
or reconsideration. Contrary to Virginia Power’s position, the Virginia Commission ruled that the new 10.9% ROE will be used to measure earnings for the entire 2011-2012 test period in the next biennial review in 2013, which is expected to be
filed in March 2013. 
 Also in March 2012, Virginia Power filed Petitions for Appeal with the Supreme Court of Virginia
regarding the Biennial Review Order and the March 2012 Order. In May 2012, the Supreme Court of Virginia granted review of Virginia Power’s appeals from the Biennial Review Order and the March 2012 Order denying Virginia Power’s petition
seeking rehearing or reconsideration, and heard oral argument on both appeals in September 2012. In November 2012, the Supreme Court of Virginia affirmed the Biennial Review Order and the March 2012 Order denying Virginia Power’s petition
seeking rehearing or reconsideration. 
 ROE Applicable to Riders C1, C2, R, and S 

 Effective December 1, 2011, the ROE applicable to Riders C1 and C2 is 10.4%. For Riders R and S, effective December 1, 2011, the ROE is
11.4%, inclusive of a statutory enhancement of 100 basis points. 
 Earned Return for 2009 and 2010 

 The Virginia Commission determined that Virginia Power earned an ROE of approximately 13.3% during the 2009 and 2010 combined test years, which exceeded
the authorized ROE earnings band of 11.4% to 12.4% established in the Virginia Settlement Approval Order. Based on the determination that Virginia Power had excess earnings, the Virginia Commission ordered Virginia Power to refund 60% of earnings
above the upper end of the authorized ROE earnings band, or approximately $78 million, to its customers, which was provided in the form of credits to customers’ bills amortized over a six-month period during 2012. A charge for the refund was
recognized in operating revenues in the 2011 Consolidated Statement of Income. The actual

 92 

 Table of Contents 

aggregate refund amount totaled approximately $81 million, taking into account refunds to be paid to certain non-jurisdictional customers pursuant to their customer contracts. 

 Base Rates and Existing Riders T, C1, and C2 
 As a result of the Virginia Commission’s determination that credits will be applied to customers’ bills, the Virginia Commission, as required by the Regulation Act, directed Virginia Power to
combine its existing Riders T, C1, and C2 with Virginia Power’s base costs, revenues and investments, and to file revised tariffs reflecting such combination pursuant to the Biennial Review Order. These Riders will thereafter be considered part
of Virginia Power’s base costs, revenues and investments for purposes of future biennial review proceedings. 
 In April
2012, the Virginia Commission held that Riders C1 and C2 are now to be combined in Virginia Power’s base rates and are to be considered as part of its future biennial reviews. The Virginia Commission rejected Virginia Power’s requests to
identify and separately track the revenues for these existing riders in base rates, and to preserve deferral accounting for these revenues in base rates, stating that such deferral accounting ceased December 1, 2011 for existing Riders C1 and
C2. 
 In August 2012, the Virginia Commission confirmed that existing Rider T had been combined in base rates, and
ruled that transmission costs would continue to be tracked separately to permit deferral accounting and dollar-for-dollar recovery of costs through Rider T and through Rider T1, a new increment/decrement rate adjustment clause to recover the
difference in the revenue requirement for rate year costs and the revenues collected under Rider T. 
 Earnings Test Adjustments
 
 The Virginia Commission ruled on numerous contested proposals to adjust Virginia Power’s earnings for the 2009 and 2010 combined test
periods. Among other adjustments, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s ratemaking treatment of fuel inventories held by its wholly-owned subsidiaries. As a result of this finding, Virginia Power included in rate base approximately
$188 million in fuel inventory costs for 2010. The Virginia Commission also adopted Virginia Power’s treatment that includes, for regulatory earnings purposes, its AIP and LTIP expenses up to a 100% payout ratio. The Virginia Commission
excluded from expense approximately $21 million in incentive plan costs that exceeded a payout ratio of 100%, allowing a net recovery of approximately $95 million of incentive compensation expense for the biennial review period. The Virginia
Commission denied Virginia Power’s ratemaking treatment that expensed the entire cost of its 2010 voluntary separation plan in 2010, ruling instead to amortize the cost through the end of 2011. This matched the costs of the plan with the period
of realization of savings, which reduced 2010 operating costs (and in turn, increased 2011 operating costs) by approximately $103 million for purposes of the earnings test. Other than influencing the amount earned above the authorized ROE earnings
band, the earnings test adjustments above did not have an impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition, the
Virginia Commission required Virginia Power to recognize a gain, for purposes of the earnings test, of approximately $44 million on the settlement of certain interest

rate hedging contracts in 2010, as opposed to amortizing the gains over the forecasted term of planned debt instruments that were not issued. Virginia Power determined that it was no longer
probable that these derivative gains would be included in future base rates as the Virginia Commission would not allow the amortization of these amounts in future periods. As a result, Virginia Power removed approximately $50 million in
December 2011 from regulatory liabilities and recognized the deferred derivative settlement gains in interest and related charges in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Virginia Fuel Expenses 
 In May 2012, Virginia Power submitted its annual fuel factor filing
to the Virginia Commission, proposing a decrease of approximately $389 million in fuel revenue for the rate year beginning July 1, 2012. In September 2012, after a public hearing, the Virginia Commission issued an order approving Virginia
Power’s filing. 
 Generation Riders R and S 
 In connection with the Bear Garden and Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center projects, in March 2011, the Virginia Commission approved annual updates for Riders R and S with revenue requirements of $78
million and $199 million, respectively, for the April 1, 2011 to March 31, 2012 rate year, utilizing the 12.3% placeholder ROE (inclusive of a 100 basis point statutory enhancement) pending the Virginia Commission’s ROE determination
in the 2011 biennial review. 
 In March 2012, the Virginia Commission approved annual updates for Riders R and S for the
April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013 rate year, utilizing an 11.4% ROE (inclusive of a 100 basis point statutory enhancement) consistent with the base ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order. The Virginia Commission’s approvals
authorized an approximately $74 million revenue requirement for Rider R, and an approximately $226 million revenue requirement for Rider S, comprised of approximately $52 million for the pre-commercial operation period and approximately $174 million
for the commercial operation period. 
 In June 2012, Virginia Power requested Virginia Commission approval of its annual updates
for Riders R and S for the next two consecutive rate years, utilizing an 11.4% ROE (inclusive of a 100 basis point statutory enhancement) consistent with the base ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order and subject to true-up based on changes in
the authorized ROE in future biennial review proceedings. For Rider R, Virginia Power proposed an approximately $81 million revenue requirement for the rate year beginning April 1, 2013 and an approximately $75 million revenue requirement for
the rate year beginning April 1, 2014. For Rider S, an approximately $249 million revenue requirement was proposed for the rate year beginning April 1, 2013 and an approximately $229 million revenue requirement was proposed for the rate
year beginning April 1, 2014. Virginia Power has agreed to certain adjustments supported by Virginia Commission Staff reducing the Rider R revenue requirements to approximately $78 million for the rate year beginning April 1, 2013, and
approximately $72 million for the rate year beginning April 1, 2014. In February 2013, the Virginia Commission approved these cost recovery periods and amounts for Rider R, as well as a multi-year approach in which Virginia Power would file its next

 93 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

update filing for Rider R in 2014. In January 2013, Virginia Power filed a proposed stipulation agreement reached with the Virginia Commission Staff supporting a revised revenue requirement for
Rider S of approximately $248 million for the rate year beginning April 1, 2013. Virginia Power and the Staff of the Virginia Commission also agreed that Virginia Power would file a Rider S case in 2013 instead of a multi-year approach. The Rider S
update proceeding is pending. Construction of the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was completed and the facility commenced commercial operations in July 2012. 
 DSM Riders C1A and C2A 
 In April 2012, the Virginia Commission approved a revenue
requirement of $5 million for Rider C1A and $17 million for Rider C2A. This approval incorporated four new energy efficiency DSM programs as a bundle for residential customers for a five-year period starting June 1, 2012, subject to a total $90
million cost cap. The Virginia Commission also approved two new energy efficiency DSM programs as a bundle for commercial customers for the same five-year period, subject to a total $45 million cost cap, as well as a new peak-shaving DSM program for
commercial customers for the same five-year period, subject to an approximately $14 million cost cap. 
 In August 2012, Virginia
Power requested extension of two DSM programs (the Residential Air Conditioner Cycling Program and the Residential Low Income Program) by five years and two years, respectively, beyond their current April 30, 2013 termination date, as well as
approval of a process whereby the Staff could administratively approve limited modifications to the designs of previously approved DSM programs. Virginia Power’s proposed revenue requirements for Riders C1A and C2A for the May 1, 2013 to April
30, 2014 rate year are $4 million and $23 million, respectively. This case is pending. 
 Transmission Riders T and T1 

 In May 2011, Virginia Power filed its annual update to Rider T with the Virginia Commission. The proposed $481 million annual revenue requirement,
effective September 1, 2011, represented an increase of approximately $144 million over the revenue requirement associated with the Rider T customer rates previously in effect. In July 2011, the Virginia Commission issued an order approving a
revenue requirement of $466 million for the September 1, 2011 to August 31, 2012 rate year. As discussed above, previously implemented Rider T will be considered part of Virginia Power’s base costs, revenues and investments for
purposes of future biennial review proceedings. The Virginia Commission has initiated a proceeding to address further implementation of this directive. 
 In May 2012, Virginia Power filed Rider T1 with the Virginia Commission to recover costs of transmission service and demand response programs for the September 1, 2012 to August 31, 2013 rate
year. The proposed Rider T1 reduction of approximately $100 million produces a total annual revenue requirement of approximately $373 million when netted with the revenue requirement of approximately $473 million associated with the Rider T customer
rates currently in effect, and now combined in Virginia Power’s base rates. Virginia Power’s filing stated that Rider T costs combined in base rates should be identified and separately tracked, with the continuation of deferral accounting
and dollar-for-dollar recovery for these costs. Virginia Power’s

proposed revenue requirement was supported by the Staff of the Virginia Commission, although the Staff concurrently proposed an alternative methodology for the Rider T1 revenue requirement which
would represent an increase of approximately $18 million from the current Rider T customer rates. The Staff’s alternative methodology would have precluded deferral accounting and dollar-for-dollar recovery for Rider T in future periods.
 
 In August 2012, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s proposed Rider T1 to recover costs of transmission
service and demand response programs for the September 1, 2012 to August 31, 2013 rate year, ordering a Rider T1 reduction of approximately $100 million versus the Rider T customer rates currently in effect, and now combined in Virginia
Power’s base rates. The Virginia Commission agreed with the approach recommended by Virginia Power and supported by the Staff of the Virginia Commission in this case. Rider T, which is now combined in base rates, along with Rider T1, and is
being tracked separately to permit deferral accounting and dollar-for-dollar recovery. 
 Generation Rider W 

 In May 2011, Virginia Power requested approval from the Virginia Commission to construct and operate Warren County, as well as approval of Rider W. In
February 2012, the Virginia Commission approved Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity for Warren County and related transmission facilities. The Virginia Commission also approved a revenue requirement of $34 million for the April 1,
2012 to March 31, 2013 rate year, reflecting an ROE of 11.4%, inclusive of a statutory enhancement of 100 basis points for Rider W, consistent with the Biennial Review Order. In addition, the Virginia Commission approved an ROE enhancement of
100 basis points for Rider W for a period of 10 years following commercial operations. The facility is expected to start commercial operations in late 2014. 
 In June 2012, Virginia Power requested Virginia Commission approval of its annual update for Rider W for the April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2014 rate year. Virginia Power proposed an approximately
$86 million revenue requirement, utilizing an 11.4% ROE (inclusive of a 100 basis point statutory enhancement) also consistent with the base ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order. In December, 2012, Virginia Power filed a proposed partial
stipulation agreement reached with the Virginia Commission Staff supporting a revised revenue requirement for Rider W of approximately $83 million for the rate year commencing April 1, 2013. In February 2013, the Virginia Commission approved
this revised revenue requirement. 
 Generation Rider B 
 In June 2011, Virginia Power filed applications with the Virginia Commission seeking regulatory approval to convert three of its coal-fired power stations to biomass. The applications included a request
for approval of Rider B. To qualify for federal production tax credits associated with renewable energy generation, the power stations must commence operation as biomass generation facilities by December 31, 2013. Virginia Power requested
Virginia Commission approval of the biomass conversions on a schedule that will enable qualification for these tax credits. 
 In
March 2012, the Virginia Commission approved the conversion of the Altavista, Hopewell, and Southampton power stations to biomass. These conversions will increase Dominion’s

 94 

 Table of Contents 

renewable generation by more than 150 MW and are expected to be completed by the end of 2013. 
 As part of its approval, the Virginia Commission also approved Rider B. The approved revenue requirement for Rider B is approximately $6 million for the April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013 rate
year, utilizing a 12.4% ROE (inclusive of a 200 basis point statutory enhancement) consistent with the base ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order. The renewable generating unit statutory enhancement of 200 basis points will apply during
construction and the first five years of the service lives of the converted facilities. 
 In June 2012, Virginia Power requested
Virginia Commission approval of its annual update for Rider B for the April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2014 rate year. Virginia Power proposed an approximately $12 million revenue requirement, utilizing a 12.4% ROE (inclusive of a 200 basis
point statutory enhancement) consistent with the base ROE authorized in the Biennial Review Order. In January 2013, Virginia Power filed a proposed stipulation agreement reached with the Virginia Commission Staff supporting approval of a revenue
requirement for the pre-commercial operations date period and the post-commercial operations date period, resulting in an average recovery amount of approximately $12 million for the rate year commencing April 1, 2013. This case is pending.
 
 Brunswick County Power Station and Generation Rider BW 
 In November 2012, Virginia Power requested approval from the Virginia Commission to construct and operate Brunswick County. The application included a request for approval of associated transmission
facilities and Rider BW. Virginia Power’s proposed revenue requirement for Rider BW is approximately $45 million for the September 1, 2013 to August 31, 2014 rate year, reflecting an ROE of 11.4%, inclusive of a statutory enhancement
of 100 basis points for Rider BW, consistent with the Biennial Review Order. Virginia Power requested an ROE enhancement of 100 basis points for Rider BW for a period of 15 years following commercial operations. The facility is expected to begin
commercial operations in spring 2016. This case is pending. 
 Bremo Power Station 

 In August 2012, Virginia Power requested approval from the Virginia Commission of an amended and reissued Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity
that would allow Virginia Power to convert Bremo Units 3 and 4 from coal to natural gas as their fuel source. The proposed conversion would preserve 227 MW (net) of existing capacity and is expected to be complete in 2014. Cost recovery would occur
through base rates, and not through a rate adjustment clause. This case is pending. 
 Solar Distributed Generation Demonstration Program
 
 In October 2011, Virginia Power filed with the Virginia Commission an application to conduct a solar distributed generation demonstration
program, consisting of up to a combined 30 MW of Company-owned solar distributed generation facilities to be located at selected commercial, industrial and community locations throughout its Virginia service territory. Virginia Power proposed to
construct and operate the Company-owned facilities in two phases, with Phase I (up to 10 MW) from the date of approval through the end of 2013 and Phase II (up to 20 MW)

from the beginning of 2014 to the end of 2015. Virginia Power did not seek a rate adjustment clause for Phase I facilities with this filing; Phase I costs will be recovered as part of base rates
in a future biennial review. Virginia Power indicated that it may seek a rate adjustment clause at a future time for Phase II costs. 
 In November 2012, the Virginia Commission approved the voluntary solar distributed generation demonstration program for Company-owned solar distributed generation facilities subject to a total cost cap of
$80 million (including capital, financing, and operation and maintenance costs) which can be increased subject to future application based upon program experience, results, and data. 

 In May 2012, Virginia Power filed with the Virginia Commission a petition to implement a special tariff for a combined 3 MW of
customer-owned solar distributed generation facilities. Under the proposed tariff, Rate Schedule SP, Virginia Power would purchase 100% of the energy output from these facilities, including all environmental attributes and associated renewable
energy credits, at a fixed price of $0.15 per kWh for five years. As proposed, the costs of the purchases under Rate Schedule SP would not be recovered from all customers. Following comments, the Virginia Commission issued an order in November 2012
setting this matter for public hearing in February 2013. This case is pending. 
 Electric Transmission Projects 

 Portions of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line and certain associated facilities are approaching the end of their expected service lives and require replacement
with new facilities to maintain reliable service. Virginia Power owns, and has been designated by PJM to rebuild, 96 miles of the line in West Virginia and Virginia, and The Potomac Edison Company owns, and has been designated by PJM to rebuild, the
remaining three miles of the line in Maryland. In September 2011, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s application to rebuild its portion of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line. The approval of the West Virginia Commission was not
required. Subject to applicable state and federal regulatory approvals, Virginia Power’s portion of the rebuild project is expected to be completed by June 2015. 
 In June 2010, the Virginia Commission authorized the construction of the Hayes-to-Yorktown line along the proposed eight-mile route utilizing existing easements and property previously acquired for the
transmission line right-of-way. The Hayes-to-Yorktown line was placed in service in December 2012. 
 In July 2010, the Virginia
Commission authorized Virginia Power to construct the Radnor Heights Project. The Virginia Commission stated that these lines and substation must be constructed and in service by June 30, 2012, and that Virginia Power could apply to extend
this date for good cause shown. In October 2012, the Virginia Commission issued an order extending this construction and the in-service date to July 31, 2013. 
 In January 2012, the Virginia Commission authorized the replacement at higher voltage of approximately 43 miles of existing transmission lines between the Dooms and Bremo substations. The Dooms-to-Bremo
line is expected to be completed by May 2014. 
 In December 2011, Virginia Power submitted an application to the Virginia
Commission for approval of the Waxpool-Brambleton-BECO line. This project is required to provide requested service to

 95 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

a new data center campus in Loudoun County, Virginia. In December 2012, PJM authorized the Waxpool-Brambleton-BECO line as part of the 2012 RTEP and the Virginia Commission authorized
construction of the line. In January 2013, a notice of appeal was filed with the Supreme Court of Virginia by a private party regarding the December 2012 Order. Subject to the receipt of applicable state and federal regulatory approvals, the
Waxpool-Brambleton-BECO line is expected to be completed by November 2013. 
 In June 2012, Virginia Power requested Virginia
Commission approval of the Surry-to-Skiffes Creek-to-Whealton lines. Subject to the receipt of applicable state and federal regulatory approvals, the Surry-to-Skiffes Creek-to-Whealton lines are expected to be completed by May 2015. Virginia Power
also presented for the Virginia Commission’s consideration an approximately 37 mile alternate route for the 500 kV line from Virginia Power’s existing Chickahominy Substation to the proposed Skiffes Creek Switching Station. 

 In August 2012, Virginia Power requested Virginia Commission approval of the Harrisonburg-to-Endless Caverns line. In December 2012, the
Virginia Commission authorized construction of the new line. Subject to the receipt of applicable state and federal regulatory approvals, the Harrisonburg-to-Endless Caverns line is expected to be completed by May 2015. 

 In November 2012, Virginia Power submitted an application to the Virginia Commission for approval to rebuild the Dooms-to-Lexington line
in Virginia. Portions of the Dooms-to-Lexington line and certain associated facilities are approaching the end of their expected service lives and require replacement with new facilities to maintain reliable service. Virginia Power owns and has been
designated by PJM as part of the 2012 RTEP to rebuild the 39 mile line in Rockbridge and Augusta Counties, Virginia. Subject to applicable state and federal regulatory approvals, the rebuild project is expected to be completed by May 2016.
 
 North Anna Power Station 

 Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. However, Virginia Power has not yet committed to
building a new nuclear unit at North Anna and continues to evaluate its options regarding a new nuclear unit. 
 If Virginia
Power decides to build a new unit, it must first receive a COL from the NRC, the approval of the Virginia Commission and certain environmental permits and other approvals. Virginia Power has applied for and continues to pursue the COL from the NRC.
Based on the current NRC schedule, the COL is expected no earlier than late 2015. Virginia Power also continues to pursue engineering and preliminary site development work, in addition to holding an Early Site Permit. In December 2011, Virginia
Power acquired ODEC’s interest in the project, thereby terminating ODEC’s involvement in the development of a potential third unit at North Anna. In January 2013, the NRC approved the transfer of ODEC’s interest in the Early Site
Permit to Virginia Power. 
 The NRC is required to conduct a hearing in all COL proceedings. In August 2008, the ASLB of the NRC
permitted BREDL to intervene in the proceeding. In April 2011, BREDL’s then last remaining contention was dismissed by the ASLB, and following a decision by the NRC in June 2012, subsequently resulted in termination of the contested portion of
the
proceed- 

ing. In September 2011, BREDL submitted a new proposed contention seeking to litigate issues related to the August 2011 Mineral, Virginia earthquake. In October 2011, the ASLB granted a motion
filed by Virginia Power, with the consent of BREDL and the NRC staff to hold any ruling on this proposed contention in abeyance until Virginia Power completes an assessment of this earthquake. The NRC’s June 2012 decision referred this new
proposed contention to the ASLB to consider whether the contested portion of the proceeding should be reopened. In July 2012, the ASLB granted BREDL a period of 60 days to submit a motion to reopen the proceeding from the time Virginia Power informs
the NRC and parties that its seismic assessment is complete. 
 In addition, in June 2012, BREDL filed a petition with the NRC
seeking to suspend the COL proceeding based on a June 2012 ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversing and remanding a 2010 NRC rulemaking that generically assessed the environmental impacts of spent fuel
storage. Virginia Power opposed the petition. In July 2012, BREDL filed a motion with the NRC to reopen the contested portion of the COL proceeding to admit a contention pertaining to the same subject. Substantially identical suspension petitions
and contentions were filed by various intervenor groups in other licensing proceedings pending before the NRC. In August 2012, the NRC issued a memorandum and order applicable to all pending licensing proceedings, including the North Anna COL
proceeding. The NRC indicated that final licenses would not be issued until the issues raised in the court’s decision had been addressed. The NRC indicated that this determination extends only to final license issuance and that all licensing
reviews and proceedings should continue to move forward. The NRC also directed that pending contentions on the topic be held in abeyance pending further NRC order. The NRC’s August 2012 decision is not expected to affect the schedule for
issuance of the COL. 
 No other persons have sought to intervene in the proceeding. If a new contention is not admitted, the
mandatory NRC hearing will be uncontested with respect to other issues. Virginia Power continues to pursue various environmental permits that would be needed to support future construction and operation of a third nuclear unit at North Anna.
 
 North Carolina Regulation 
 In
December 2011, the North Carolina Commission issued an order approving a settlement agreement among Virginia Power, the Public Staff of the North Carolina Commission and other interested parties in Virginia Power’s fuel case for its North
Carolina service territory. The settlement agreement provided for a $36 million increase in Virginia Power’s fuel revenues for one year, effective January 1, 2012, including approximately $13 million in under recovery of fuel expenses for
the previous fuel period. 
 In March 2012, Virginia Power filed an application with the North Carolina Commission to increase
base non-fuel revenues by approximately $64 million, with January 1, 2013 as the proposed effective date for the permanent rate revision. 
 In August 2012, Virginia Power filed its annual fuel expense recovery application and testimony with the North Carolina Commission requesting a total annual fuel revenue decrease of approximately $27
million from the fuel and fuel-related costs currently in effect. Virginia Power’s filing also sought to implement a temporary voluntary rider, Rider A1, effective

 96 

 Table of Contents 

November 1, 2012 to December 31, 2012, to reduce projected over-collection of fuel expense in the second half of 2012. 

 In August 2012 and October 2012, Virginia Power filed supplemental testimony in the base rate proceeding which had the cumulative effect
of updating Virginia Power’s requested overall base non-fuel revenue increase to $53 million. In September 2012, the North Carolina Commission staff filed testimony recommending a non-fuel revenue increase of $24 million. In October 2012, the
North Carolina Commission issued a public notice stating that Virginia Power would begin billing under its proposed rates beginning November 1, 2012 on an interim basis, subject to refund with interest. 

 In December 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved a $36 million increase in Virginia Power’s annual non-fuel base revenues
based on an authorized ROE of 10.2%, and a $14 million decrease in annual base fuel revenues for a combined total base revenue increase of $22 million. These rate changes became effective on January 1, 2013 and are being appealed to the North
Carolina Supreme Court by multiple parties. In December 2012, Virginia Power established net regulatory assets of $17 million to be recovered over five to ten years in connection with these new rates. 

 Also, in December 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved a $17 million decrease in Virginia Power’s annual non-base fuel
Experience Modification Factor revenues. The rate decrease is the result of the Commission’s approval of the Fuel-Related Stipulation of Settlement between the Public Staff and Virginia Power. The rate change was approved by the Commission
after review of Virginia Power’s fuel expenses during the 12-month period ended June 30, 2012, and represents changes experienced by Virginia Power with respect to its reasonable costs of fuel and fuel component of purchased power.
 
 Ohio Regulation 
 PIR
Program 
 In March 2011, East Ohio filed a request with the Ohio Commission to accelerate the PIR program by nearly doubling its PIR
spending to more than $200 million annually. East Ohio identified 1,450 miles of pipeline that need to be replaced, in addition to the pipeline originally identified in the PIR project scope. East Ohio plans to accelerate the pace of the program by
investing more resources in its infrastructure in the near term, in an effort to promote ongoing public safety and reduce operating costs over the longer term. In August 2011, the Ohio Commission approved the stipulation by East Ohio, the Staff of
the Ohio Commission and other interested parties in East Ohio’s accelerated PIR proceeding. The stipulation provides for an increase in annual PIR capital investment from the current level of approximately $120 million stepping up to
approximately $160 million by 2013. In addition, the stipulation provides for cost recovery over a five-year period commencing upon the approval of the Ohio Commission. 
 In February 2012, East Ohio submitted an application with the Ohio Commission to adjust the cost recovery charge for costs associated with PIR investments for the six months ended December 31, 2011.
The filing was made in accordance with changes to the PIR program approved by the Ohio Commission in August 2011 and effects a transition from a fiscal year ending June 30 to a calendar year for annual filings thereafter. The
appli- 

cation includes total gross plant investment for the six-month July 1-December 31, 2011 transition period of $73 million, cumulative gross plant investment of $362 million, and a
revenue requirement of $47 million. A stipulation was submitted by East Ohio, the Staff of the Ohio Commission and the Ohio Consumers’ Counsel that supports the rates filed by East Ohio. The Ohio Commission issued an order approving the
stipulation in April 2012. 
 In November 2012, East Ohio filed a notice to adjust the PIR Cost Recovery Charge for 2012 costs.
East Ohio expects to file its application to adjust the PIR Recovery Charge in the first quarter of 2013. 
 PIPP Plus Program 

 Under the Ohio PIPP Plus program, eligible customers can receive energy assistance based on their ability to pay their bill. The difference between the
customer’s total bill and the PIPP plan payment amount is deferred and collected under the PIPP rider in accordance with the rules of the Ohio Commission. The PIPP Plus program sets the customer’s monthly payments at 6% of household income
and provides for forgiveness credits to the customer’s balance when required payments are received in full by the due date. Such credits may result in the elimination of the customer’s arrearage balance over 24 months. 

 In July 2012, the Ohio Commission approved East Ohio’s annual update of the PIPP Rider, which reflects the refund of an over-recovery
of accumulated arrearages of approximately $70 million over the next two years and recovery of projected deferred program costs of approximately $104 million for the 12-month period from April 2012 to March 2013. 

 UEX Rider 
 East Ohio files an annual UEX
Rider with the Ohio Commission, pursuant to which it seeks recovery of the bad debt expense of most customers not participating in the PIPP Plus Program. The UEX Rider is adjusted annually to achieve dollar-for-dollar recovery of East Ohio’s
actual write-offs of uncollectable amounts. 
 In July 2012, the Ohio Commission approved East Ohio’s annual update of the
UEX Rider, which reflects the elimination of accumulated unrecovered bad debt expense of approximately $1 million as of March 31, 2012, and recovery of prospective bad debt expense projected to total approximately $23 million for the 12-month
period from April 2012 to March 2013. 
 House Bill 95 
 Ohio enacted utility reform legislation under House Bill 95, which became effective in September 2011. This law updates natural gas legislation by enabling gas companies to include more up-to-date cost
levels when filing rate cases. It also allows gas companies to seek approval of capital expenditure plans under which gas companies can recognize carrying costs on associated capital investments placed in service and can defer the carrying costs
plus depreciation and property tax expenses for recovery from ratepayers in the future. In December 2011, East Ohio filed an application requesting authority to implement a capital expenditure program under the new law, which, if approved, would
enable East Ohio to defer as a regulatory asset carrying costs, depreciation and property tax associated with approximately $95 million in capital expenditures incurred between October

 97 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2011 and December 2012 for assets placed in service but not yet reflected in rates. The Ohio Commission approved East Ohio’s application in December 2012. 

 In December 2012, East Ohio filed an application requesting authority to implement a capital expenditure program for 2013 capital
expenditures totaling $93 million, subject to the provisions approved for the initial application. This case is pending. 
 Federal Regulation
 
 FERC—Gas 
 FERC
regulates the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended. Under the Natural Gas Act, FERC has authority over rates, terms and
conditions of services performed by Dominion’s interstate natural gas company subsidiaries, including DTI and Cove Point. FERC also has jurisdiction over siting, construction and operation of natural gas import facilities and interstate natural
gas pipeline facilities. 
 In May 2011, Cove Point filed a general rate case for its FERC-jurisdictional services, with proposed
rates to be effective July 1, 2011. In June 2011, FERC accepted a July 1, 2011 effective date for all proposed rates but two, for which the effective date was suspended from July 1 to December 1, 2011. In April 2012, Cove Point
filed a stipulation and agreement among Cove Point, FERC trial staff and the other active parties in the rate case resolving all issues set for hearing by FERC and establishing the mechanism for operational purchases of LNG. In July 2012, FERC
issued an order approving the stipulation and agreement, including the settlement rates that are effective April 1, 2012. The settlement was considered final in August 2012. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement, future operational purchases
of LNG are not expected to affect Cove Point’s net results of operations. Cove Point and settling customers will be subject to a rate moratorium through December 31, 2016. Cove Point is required to file its next rate case in 2016 with
rates to be effective January 1, 2017. 

 N OTE 14. A SSET R ETIREMENT O BLIGATIONS 

 AROs represent obligations that result from laws, statutes, contracts and regulations related to the eventual retirement of certain of
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s long-lived assets. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s AROs are primarily associated with the decommissioning of their nuclear generation facilities. In addition, Dominion’s AROs include plugging
and abandonment of gas and oil wells, interim retirements of natural gas gathering, transmission, distribution and storage pipeline components, and the future abatement of asbestos expected to be disturbed in the Companies’ generation
facilities. 
 The Companies have also identified, but not recognized, AROs related to retirement of Dominion’s LNG
facility, Dominion’s gas storage wells in its underground natural gas storage network, certain Virginia Power electric transmission and distribution assets located on property with easements, rights of way, franchises and lease agreements,
Virginia Power’s hydroelectric generation facilities and the abatement of certain asbestos not expected to be disturbed in the Companies’ generation facilities. The Companies currently do not have sufficient information to estimate a
reasonable range of expected retirement dates for any of these assets since the economic lives of these assets can be

extended indefinitely through regular repair and maintenance and they currently have no plans to retire any of these assets. As a result, a settlement date is not determinable for these
assets and AROs for these assets will not be reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements until sufficient information becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the activities to be performed. The Companies
continue to monitor operational and strategic developments to identify if sufficient information exists to reasonably estimate a retirement date for these assets. The changes to AROs during 2011 and 2012 were as follows: 

 Amount 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 AROs at December 31, 2010 (1) 

 $ 

 1,591 

 Obligations incurred during the period 

 16 

 Obligations settled during the period 

 (16 

 ) 

 Revisions in estimated cash flows (2) 

 (277 

 ) 

 Accretion 

 84 

 AROs at December 31,
2011 (1) 

 $ 

 1,398 

 Obligations incurred during the period 

 24 

 Obligations settled during the period 

 (13 

 ) 

 Revisions in estimated cash flows (3) 

 242 

 Accretion 

 77 

 Other 

 (23 

 ) 

 AROs at December 31,
2012 (1) 

 $ 

 1,705 

 Virginia Power 

 AROs at December 31, 2010 (4) 

 $ 

 672 

 Obligations incurred during the period 

 10 

 Obligations settled during the period 

 (3 

 ) 

 Revisions in estimated cash flows (2) 

 (90 

 ) 

 Accretion 

 36 

 AROs at December 31,
2011 (4) 

 $ 

 625 

 Obligations incurred during the period 

 18 

 Obligations settled during the period 

 (1 

 ) 

 Revisions in estimated cash flows (5) 

 41 

 Accretion 

 34 

 Other 

 (12 

 ) 

 AROs at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 705 

 (1) 

 Includes $14 million, $15 million and $64 million reported in other current liabilities at December 31, 2010, 2011, and 2012, respectively.

 (2) 

 Primarily reflects the effect of lower anticipated costs due to the expected future recovery from the DOE of certain spent fuel storage costs.

 (3) 

 Primarily reflects the accelerated timing of the decommissioning of Kewaunee to begin in 2013. 

 (4) 

 Includes $3 million and $1 million reported in other current liabilities at December 31, 2010 and 2011, respectively. 

 (5) 

 Primarily reflects the effect of higher anticipated nuclear decommissioning costs. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power have established trusts dedicated to funding the future decommissioning of their nuclear plants. At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the aggregate fair value of Dominion’s trusts, consisting primarily of equity and debt securities, totaled $3.3 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the aggregate
fair value of Virginia Power’s trusts, consisting primarily of debt and equity securities, totaled $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. 

 N OTE 15. V ARIABLE I NTEREST E NTITIES 

 The primary beneficiary of a VIE is required to consolidate the VIE and to disclose certain information about its significant

 98 

 Table of Contents 

variable interests in the VIE. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the entity that has both 1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity’s economic
performance and 2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 Virginia Power has long-term power and capacity contracts with four non-utility generators with an aggregate summer generation capacity of approximately 870 MW. These contracts contain certain variable
pricing mechanisms in the form of partial fuel reimbursement that Virginia Power considers to be variable interests. After an evaluation of the information provided by these entities, Virginia Power was unable to determine whether they were VIEs.
However, the information they provided, as well as Virginia Power’s knowledge of generation facilities in Virginia, enabled Virginia Power to conclude that, if they were VIEs, it would not be the primary beneficiary. This conclusion reflects
Virginia Power’s determination that its variable interests do not convey the power to direct the most significant activities that impact the economic performance of the entities during the remaining terms of Virginia Power’s contracts and
for the years the entities are expected to operate after its contractual relationships expire. The contracts expire at various dates ranging from 2015 to 2021. Virginia Power is not subject to any risk of loss from these potential VIEs other than
its remaining purchase commitments which totaled $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2012. Virginia Power paid $214 million, $211 million, and $213 million for electric capacity and $83 million, $125 million, and $164 million for electric energy to
these entities for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 Virginia Power purchased shared
services from DRS, an affiliated VIE, of approximately $328 million, $389 million, and $465 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Virginia Power determined that it is not the most closely associated entity
with DRS and therefore not the primary beneficiary. DRS provides accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and technical services to all Dominion subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Virginia Power has no obligation to absorb more
than its allocated share of DRS costs. 
 Dominion leases the Fairless generating facility in Pennsylvania from Juniper, the
lessor, which began commercial operations in June 2004. Dominion makes annual lease payments of approximately $53 million. The lease expires in 2013 and, at that time, Dominion may renew the lease on terms mutually agreeable to Dominion and Juniper
based on original project costs and current market conditions; purchase Fairless for approximately $923 million or sell Fairless, on behalf of Juniper, to an independent third party. If Fairless is sold and the proceeds from the sale are less than
its original construction cost, Dominion would be required to make a payment to the lessor in an amount up to 70.75% of the original project costs adjusted for certain other costs as specified in the lease. The lease agreement does not contain any
provisions that involve credit rating or stock price trigger events. Dominion expects to purchase Fairless when the lease expires in the third quarter of 2013. 
 Juniper was formed in 2003 as a limited partnership and was organized for the purpose of acquiring and constructing a number of assets for lease. Such assets were financed with proceeds from the issuance
of bank debt, privately placed long-term debt and partnership capital received from Juniper’s general and limited

partners. Dominion has no voting equity interest in Juniper. Because Juniper had been subject to the business scope exception, Dominion was not required to evaluate whether Juniper was a VIE
prior to October 2011. 
 Through September 30, 2011, Juniper held various power plant leases, including Fairless. In
October 2011, the last lease other than Fairless expired and the related asset was sold by Juniper. With Fairless being its sole remaining asset, Juniper no longer qualified as a business as of October 2011, which required that Dominion determine
whether Juniper is a VIE. Dominion concluded Juniper is a VIE because the entity’s capitalization is insufficient to support its operations, the power to direct the most significant activities of the entity is not held by the equity holders,
and Dominion, through its residual value guarantee discussed above, guarantees a portion of the residual value of Fairless. The activities that most significantly impact Juniper’s economic performance relate to the operation of Fairless. The
decisions related to the operations of Fairless are made by Dominion and as such, Dominion is considered the primary beneficiary. 
 Accordingly, Dominion consolidated Juniper in October 2011 and recorded, at fair value, approximately $957 million of property, plant and equipment, $896 million of debt and $61 million of noncontrolling
interests. The debt is non-recourse to Dominion and is secured by Juniper’s assets. The annual lease payments made by Dominion to Juniper for Fairless are now eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income and are excluded from the lease
commitments table in Note 22. 
 Dominion has not provided any financial or other support to Juniper in the current period that
it was not previously contractually required to provide. 

 N OTE 16. S HORT -T ERM D EBT AND C REDIT 
A GREEMENTS 

 Dominion and Virginia Power use short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. The
levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. In addition, Dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral
requirements. Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, Dominion’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.

 99 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 D OMINION 
 Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under credit facilities, were as follows: 

 At
December 31, 

 Facility
Limit 

 Outstanding
Commercial
Paper 

 Outstanding
Letters of
Credit 

 Facility
Capacity
Available 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 3,000 

 $ 

 2,412 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 588 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 500 

 — 

 26 

 474 

 Total 

 $ 

 3,500 

 $ 

 2,412 

 (3) 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 1,062 

 2011 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 3,000 

 $ 

 1,814 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,186 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 500 

 — 

 36 

 464 

 Total 

 $ 

 3,500 

 $ 

 1,814 

 (3) 

 $ 

 36 

 $ 

 1,650 

 (1) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the
issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion of letters of credit. 

 (2) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date for $400 million of the $500 million in committed capacity of this credit facility was extended from September 2016 to
September 2017. The remaining $100 million continues to have a maturity date of September 2016. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances. 

 (3) 

 The weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by Dominion’s credit facilities were 0.49% and 0.47% at December 31, 2012
and 2011, respectively. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 Virginia Power’s short-term financing is supported by two joint revolving credit facilities with Dominion. These credit facilities are being used for working capital, as support for the combined
commercial paper programs of Dominion and Virginia Power and for other general corporate purposes.

 Virginia Power’s share of commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well
as its capacity available under its joint credit facilities with Dominion, were as follows: 

 At December 31, 

 Facility
Sub-limit 

 Outstanding
Commercial
Paper 

 Outstanding
Letters of
Credit 

 Facility
Sub-Limit
Capacity
Available 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 1,000 

 $ 

 992 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 8 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 250 

 — 

 2 

 248 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,250 

 $ 

 992 

 (3) 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 256 

 2011 

 Joint revolving credit facility (1) 

 $ 

 1,000 

 $ 

 894 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 106 

 Joint revolving credit
facility (2) 

 250 

 — 

 15 

 235 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,250 

 $ 

 894 

 (3) 

 $ 

 15 

 $ 

 341 

 (1) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the
issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) of letters of credit. Virginia Power’s current sub-limit under this credit facility can be increased or decreased multiple times per
year. 

 (2) 

 Effective September 2012, the maturity date for $400 million of the $500 million in committed capacity of this credit facility was extended from September 2016 to
September 2017. The remaining $100 million continues to have a maturity date of September 2016. This credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances. Virginia Power’s current sub-limit
under this credit facility can be increased or decreased multiple times per year. 

 (3) 

 The weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by these credit facilities were 0.47% and 0.46% at December 31, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. 

 In addition to the credit facility commitments mentioned above, Virginia Power also has a $120
million credit facility. Effective September 2012, the maturity date was extended from September 2016 to September 2017. This facility supports certain tax-exempt financings of Virginia Power.

 100 

 Table of Contents 

 N OTE 17. L ONG -T ERM D EBT 

 At December 31, 

 2012
Weighted-
average
Coupon (1) 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company: 

 Unsecured Senior Notes: 

 4.75% to 8.625%, due 2012 to 2017 

 5.50 

 % 

 $ 

 1,706 

 $ 

 2,321 

 2.95% to 8.875%, due 2018 to 2038 

 5.83 

 % 

 4,008 

 3,558 

 Tax-Exempt Financings (2) : 

 Variable rates, due 2016 to 2041 

 1.14 

 % 

 454 

 454 

 1.5% to 6.5%, due 2017 to 2040 

 3.65 

 % 

 508 

 533 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company total principal 

 $ 

 6,676 

 $ 

 6,866 

 Securities due within one year 

 4.88 

 % 

 (418 

 ) 

 (616 

 ) 

 Unamortized discount and premium, net 

 (7 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company total long-term debt 

 $ 

 6,251 

 $ 

 6,246 

 Dominion Resources, Inc.: 

 Unsecured Senior Notes: 

 Variable rate, due 2013 

 0.41 

 % 

 $ 

 400 

 $ 

 — 

 1.4% to 7.195%, due 2012 to 2017 

 3.72 

 % 

 3,041 

 3,545 

 2.75% to 8.875%, due 2018 to 2042 (3) 

 5.71 

 % 

 5,099 

 4,399 

 Unsecured Convertible Senior Notes, 2.125%, due
2023 (4) 

 82 

 143 

 Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts, 7.83% and 8.4%, due 2027 and 2031 

 7.85 

 % 

 268 

 268 

 Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes: 

 7.5% and 8.375%, due 2064 and 2066 

 8.11 

 % 

 985 

 985 

 Variable rate, due 2066 (5) 

 2.77 

 % 

 380 

 468 

 Unsecured Debentures and Senior Notes (6) : 

 5.0% and 6.625%, due 2013 and 2014 

 5.06 

 % 

 622 

 622 

 6.8% and 6.875%, due 2026 and 2027 

 6.81 

 % 

 89 

 89 

 Dominion Energy, Inc.: 

 Secured Senior Notes: 

 5.03% to 5.78%, due 2013 (7) 

 5.07 

 % 

 842 

 842 

 7.33%, due 2020 (8) 

 145 

 159 

 Tax-Exempt Financings (9) : 

 2.25% to 5.75%, due 2033 to 2042 

 3.34 

 % 

 284 

 284 

 Variable rate, due 2041 

 1.16 

 % 

 75 

 75 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company total principal (from above) 

 6,676 

 6,866 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. total principal 

 $ 

 18,988 

 $ 

 18,745 

 Fair value hedge valuation (10) 

 93 

 105 

 Securities due within one year (11) 

 4.53 

 % 

 (2,223 

 ) 

 (1,479 

 ) 

 Unamortized discount and premium, net 

 (7 

 ) 

 23 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. total long-term debt 

 $ 

 16,851 

 $ 

 17,394 

 (1) 

 Represents weighted-average coupon rates for debt outstanding as of December 31, 2012. 

 (2) 

 These financings relate to certain pollution control equipment at Virginia Power’s generating facilities. Certain variable rate tax-exempt financings are
supported by a $120 million credit facility that terminates in September 2017. 

 (3) 

 At the option of holders, $510 million of Dominion’s 5.25% senior notes due 2033 and $600 million of Dominion’s 8.875% senior notes due 2019 are subject to
redemption at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest in August 2015 and January 2014, respectively. 

 (4) 

 Convertible into a combination of cash and shares of Dominion’s common stock at any time when the closing price of common stock equals 120% of the applicable
conversion price or higher for at least 20 out of the last 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous calendar quarter. At the option of holders on December 15, 2013 or 2018, these securities are subject to
redemption at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest. These senior notes have been callable by Dominion since December 15, 2011. 

 (5) 

 In September 2011, the $500 million 6.3% September 2006 hybrids began bearing interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.3%, reset quarterly.

 (6) 

 Represents debt assumed by Dominion from the merger of its former CNG subsidiary. 

 (7) 

 Juniper notes issued in 2004 and consolidated in October 2011 due to Dominion becoming the primary beneficiary of this VIE. This amount excludes $18 million and $48
million of unamortized premium in 2012 and 2011, respectively. The debt is non-recourse to Dominion and is secured by Juniper’s assets. 

 (8) 

 Represents debt associated with Kincaid. The debt is non-recourse to Dominion and is secured by the facility’s assets ($552 million at
December 31, 2012) and revenue. Dominion announced in the third quarter of 2012 that it was pursuing the sale of Kincaid. Dominion anticipates redeeming the notes as a condition to a sale of Kincaid. 

 (9) 

 Includes debt issued by the Massachusetts Development Finance Agency on behalf of Brayton Point. Dominion announced in the third quarter of 2012 that it was pursuing
the sale of Brayton Point. 

 (10) 

 Represents the valuation of certain fair value hedges associated with Dominion’s fixed rate debt. 

 (11) 

 Includes $23 million of net unamortized premium and fair value hedge valuation in 2012 and $4 million of net unamortized discount in 2011.

 101 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Based on stated maturity dates rather than early redemption dates that could be elected
by instrument holders, the scheduled principal payments of long-term debt at December 31, 2012, were as follows: 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Virginia Power 

 $ 

 418 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 211 

 $ 

 476 

 $ 

 679 

 $ 

 4,875 

 $ 

 6,676 

 Weighted-average Coupon 

 4.88 

 % 

 7.73 

 % 

 5.39 

 % 

 5.27 

 % 

 5.44 

 % 

 5.26 

 % 

 Dominion 

 Secured Senior Notes 

 $ 

 852 

 $ 

 15 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 20 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 60 

 $ 

 987 

 Unsecured Senior Notes 

 1,090 

 1,065 

 960 

 1,351 

 1,303 

 9,278 

 15,047 

 Tax-Exempt Financings 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 19 

 75 

 1,227 

 1,321 

 Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts 

 258 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 10 

 268 

 Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,365 

 1,365 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,200 

 $ 

 1,080 

 $ 

 978 

 $ 

 1,390 

 $ 

 1,400 

 $ 

 11,940 

 $ 

 18,988 

 Weighted-average Coupon 

 4.53 

 % 

 3.99 

 % 

 4.50 

 % 

 4.27 

 % 

 4.60 

 % 

 5.54 

 % 

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s short-term credit facilities and long-term debt agreements
contain customary covenants and default provisions. As of December 31, 2012, there were no events of default under these covenants. 

 In January 2013, Virginia Power issued $250 million of 1.2% and $500 million of 4.0%
senior notes that mature in 2018 and 2043, respectively. 
 Convertible Securities 
 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had $82 million of outstanding contingent convertible senior notes that are convertible by holders into a combination of cash and shares of Dominion’s common
stock under certain circumstances. The conversion feature requires that the principal amount of each note be repaid in cash, while amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will be paid in common stock. At issuance, the notes were valued at
a conversion rate of 27.173 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of senior notes, which represented a conversion price of $36.80. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment without limitation upon certain events such as subdivisions,
splits, combinations of common stock or the issuance to all common stock holders of certain common stock rights, warrants or options and certain dividend increases. As of December 31, 2012, the conversion rate had been adjusted to 29.3863
shares, primarily due to individual dividend payments above the level paid at issuance. If the outstanding notes as of December 31, 2012 were all converted, it would result in the issuance of approximately 900 thousand additional shares. In December
2012, Dominion’s Board of Directors declared dividends payable March 20, 2013 of 56.25 cents per share of common stock which will increase the conversion rate to 29.5147 effective as of February 26, 2013. 

 The number of shares included in the denominator of the diluted EPS calculation is calculated as the net shares issuable for the
reporting period based upon the average market price for the period. This results in an increase in the average shares outstanding used in the calculation of Dominion’s diluted EPS when the conversion price is lower than the average market
price of Dominion’s common stock over the period, and results in no adjustment when the conversion price exceeds the average market price. 
 The senior notes are convertible by holders into a combination of cash and shares of Dominion’s common stock under any of the following circumstances: 

 (1) 

 The closing price of Dominion’s common stock equals 120% of the applicable conversion price ($40.66 as of February 26,

2013) or higher for at least 20 out of the last 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous calendar quarter; 

 (2) 

 The senior notes are called for redemption by Dominion; 

 (3) 

 The occurrence of specified corporate transactions; or 

 (4) 

 The credit rating assigned to the senior notes by Moody’s is below Baa3 and by Standard & Poor’s is below BBB- or the ratings are discontinued for
any reason. 

 The senior notes were eligible for conversion during 2012 since the closing price of
Dominion’s common stock was equal to 120% of the applicable conversion price or higher for at least 20 out of the last 30 consecutive trading days of each quarter. During 2012, approximately $61 million of the contingent convertible senior
notes were converted by holders. As of December 31, 2012, the closing price of Dominion’s common stock was equal to $40.84 per share or higher for at least 20 out of the last 30 consecutive trading days; therefore, the senior notes are
eligible for conversion during the first quarter of 2013. Beginning in 2007, the notes have been eligible for contingent interest if the average trading price as defined in the indenture equals or exceeds 120% of the principal amount of the senior
notes. Holders have the right to require Dominion to purchase these senior notes for cash at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest in December 2013 or 2018, or if Dominion undergoes certain fundamental changes. The senior notes have
been callable by Dominion since December 15, 2011. 
 Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts 

 In previous years, Dominion established several subsidiary capital trusts, each as a finance subsidiary of Dominion, which holds 100% of the voting
interests. The trusts sold capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests and 97% beneficial ownership in the assets held by the trusts. In exchange for the funds realized from the sale of the capital securities and common securities
that represent the remaining 3% beneficial ownership interest in the assets held by the capital trusts, Dominion issued various junior subordinated notes. The junior subordinated notes constitute 100% of each capital trust’s assets. Each trust
must redeem its capital securities when their respective junior subordinated notes are repaid at maturity or if redeemed prior to maturity.

 102 

 Table of Contents 

 In November 2012, Dominion provided notice of redemption for its $258 million 7.83%
unsecured junior subordinated debentures and all 250 thousand units of the $250 million 7.83% Dominion Resources Capital Trust I capital securities due December 1, 2027. At December 31, 2012, the debentures were included in securities
due within one year in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In January 2013, Dominion redeemed the securities at a price of $1,019.58 per capital security plus accrued and unpaid distributions. 

 The following table provides summary information about the capital securities and junior subordinated notes outstanding as of
December 31, 2012: 

 Date
Established 

 Capital Trusts 

 Units 

 Rate 

 Capital
Securities
Amount 

 Common
Securities
Amount 

 (thousands) 

 (millions) 

 December 1997 

 Dominion Resources Capital Trust I (1) 

 250 

 7.83 

 % 

 $ 

 250 

 $ 

 7.7 

 January 2001 

 Dominion Resources Capital Trust III (2) 

 10 

 8.4 

 10 

 0.3 

 Junior subordinated notes/debentures held as assets by each capital trust were as follows: 

 (1) 

 $258 million—Dominion Resources, Inc. 7.83% Debentures due 12/1/2027. 

 (2) 

 $10 million—Dominion Resources, Inc. 8.4% Debentures due 1/15/2031. 

 Interest charges related to Dominion’s junior subordinated notes payable to affiliated trusts were $21 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 Distribution payments on the capital securities are considered to be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Dominion. Each guarantee
agreement only provides for the guarantee of distribution payments on the relevant capital securities to the extent that the trust has funds legally and immediately available to make distributions. The trust’s ability to pay amounts when they
are due on the capital securities is dependent solely upon the payment of amounts by Dominion when they are due on the junior subordinated notes. Dominion may defer interest payments on the junior subordinated notes on one or more occasions for up
to five consecutive years and the related trusts must also defer distributions. If the payment on the junior subordinated notes is deferred, Dominion may not make distributions related to its capital stock, including dividends, redemptions,
repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments, during the deferral period. Also, during any deferral period, Dominion may not make any payments on, redeem or repurchase any debt securities that are equal in right of payment with, or
subordinated to, the junior subordinated notes. 
 Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes 
 In June 2006 and September 2006, Dominion issued $300 million of June 2006 hybrids and $500 million of September 2006 hybrids, respectively. The June 2006 hybrids will bear interest at 7.5% per year
until June 30, 2016. Thereafter, they will bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.825%, reset quarterly. Beginning September 30, 2011, the September 2006 hybrids bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.3%, reset quarterly.
Previously, interest was fixed at 6.3% per year. 
 In June 2009, Dominion issued $685 million (including $60 million
related to the underwriter’s option to purchase additional

notes to cover over-allotments) of 8.375% June 2009 hybrids. The June 2009 hybrids are listed on the NYSE under the symbol DRU. 

 Dominion may defer interest payments on the hybrids on one or more occasions for up to 10 consecutive years. If the interest payments on
the hybrids are deferred, Dominion may not make distributions related to its capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments during the deferral period. Also, during the deferral period,
Dominion may not make any payments on or redeem or repurchase any debt securities that are equal in right of payment with, or subordinated to, the hybrids. 
 Dominion executed RCCs in connection with its issuance of all of the hybrids described above. Under the terms of the RCCs, Dominion covenants to and for the benefit of designated covered debtholders, as
may be designated from time to time, that Dominion shall not redeem, repurchase, or defease all or any part of the hybrids, and shall not cause its majority owned subsidiaries to purchase all or any part of the hybrids, on or before their applicable
RCC termination date, unless, subject to certain limitations, during the 180 days prior to such activity, Dominion has received a specified amount of proceeds as set forth in the RCCs from the sale of qualifying securities that have equity-like
characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than the applicable characteristics of the hybrids at that time, as more fully described in the RCCs. In September 2011, Dominion amended the RCCs of the June 2006 hybrids and September 2006
hybrids to expand the measurement period for consideration of proceeds from the sale of common stock issuances from 180 days to 365 days. The proceeds Dominion receives from the replacement offering, adjusted by a predetermined factor, must equal or
exceed the redemption or repurchase price. 
 In both December 2011 and April 2010, Dominion purchased and canceled approximately
$16 million of the September 2006 hybrids. In February 2012, Dominion launched a tender offer to purchase up to $150 million of additional September 2006 hybrids. In the first quarter of 2012, Dominion purchased and canceled approximately $86
million of the September 2006 hybrids primarily as a result of this tender offer, which expired in March 2012. In the second quarter of 2012, Dominion purchased and canceled approximately $2 million of the September 2006 hybrids. All purchases were
conducted in compliance with the RCC. 
 From time to time, Dominion may reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest
expense through redemption of debt securities prior to maturity and repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through additional tender offers or otherwise. 

 N OTE 18. P REFERRED S TOCK 

 Dominion is authorized to issue up to 20 million shares of preferred stock; however, none were issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2012 or 2011. 
 Virginia Power is authorized to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock,
$100 liquidation preference, and had 2.59 million preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2012 and 2011. Upon involuntary liquidation,

 103 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

dissolution or winding-up of Virginia Power, each share would be entitled to receive $100 plus accrued cumulative dividends. 

 Holders of Virginia Power’s outstanding preferred stock are not entitled to voting rights except under certain provisions of the
amended and restated articles of incorporation and related provisions of Virginia law restricting corporate action, upon default in dividends or in special statutory proceedings and as required by Virginia law (such as mergers, consolidations, sales
of assets, dissolution and changes in voting rights or priorities of preferred stock). 
 Presented below are the series of
Virginia Power preferred stock that were outstanding as of December 31, 2012: 

 Dividend 

 Issued and
Outstanding
Shares 

 Entitled Per Share
Upon Liquidation 

 (thousands) 

 $5.00 

 107 

 $ 

 112.50 

 4.04 

 13 

 102.27 

 4.20 

 15 

 102.50 

 4.12 

 32 

 103.73 

 4.80 

 73 

 101.00 

 7.05 

 500 

 100.36 

 (1) 

 6.98 

 600 

 100.35 

 (2) 

 Flex Money Market Preferred 12/02, Series A 

 1,250 

 100.00 

 (3) 

 Total 

 2,590 

 (1) 

 Through 7/31/2013; $100.00 commencing 8/1/2013. 

 (2) 

 Through 8/31/2013; $100.00 commencing 9/1/2013. 

 (3) 

 Dividend rate was 6.25% until 3/20/2011. Effective 3/20/11 the rate reset to 6.12% until 3/20/2014 after which the rate will be determined according to periodic
auctions for periods established by Virginia Power at the time of the auction process. 

 N OTE 19. S HAREHOLDERS ’ E QUITY 

 Issuance of Common Stock 

 D OMINION 

 Dominion maintains Dominion Direct ® and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion’s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or
purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In January 2012, Dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock purchase plans. 

 During 2012, Dominion issued approximately 6.4 million shares of common stock through various programs. Dominion
received cash proceeds of $265 million from the issuance of 5.3 million of such shares through Dominion Direct, employee savings plans, and the exercise of employee stock options. 

 In January 2012, Dominion filed a new SEC shelf registration for the sale of debt and equity securities including the ability to sell
common stock through an at the market program. Dominion entered into four separate Sales Agency Agreements to effect sales under the program. However, with the exception of issuing approximately $318 million in equity through employee
savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans, converted securities and other employee and director benefit plans, Dominion did not issue common stock in
2012. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 In 2012 and 2011, Virginia Power did not issue any shares of its common stock to Dominion. In 2010, Virginia Power issued 33,013 shares of its common stock to Dominion for approximately $1 billion, for
the purpose of retiring short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion. 
 Shares Reserved for Issuance 

 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had approximately 48 million shares reserved and available for issuance for Dominion
Direct ® , employee stock awards, employee savings plans, director stock compensation plans and contingent
convertible senior notes. 
 Repurchase of Common Stock 
 During 2011, Dominion repurchased approximately 13 million shares of common stock for approximately $601 million on the open market, at an average price of $46.37 per share. Dominion did not
repurchase any shares in 2012 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2013, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which do not count against its stock repurchase
authorization. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Presented in the table below is a summary of AOCI by component: 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 Net unrealized losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of tax of $87 and $48 

 $ 

 (122 

 ) 

 $ 

 (54 

 ) 

 Net unrealized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of tax of $(206) and $(154) 

 326 

 243 

 Net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of tax of $745 and
$568 

 (1,081 

 ) 

 (799 

 ) 

 Total AOCI 

 $ 

 (877 

 ) 

 $ 

 (610 

 ) 

 Virginia Power 

 Net unrealized losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of tax of $3 and $2 

 $ 

 (6 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 Net unrealized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of tax of $(19) and
$(14) 

 31 

 22 

 Total AOCI 

 $ 

 25 

 $ 

 19 

 Stock-Based Awards 

 The 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan permits stock-based awards that include restricted stock, performance grants, goal-based stock, stock options, and
stock appreciation rights. The Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan permits grants of restricted stock and stock options. Under provisions of both plans, employees and non-employee directors may be granted options to purchase common stock at a
price not less than its fair market value at the date of grant with a maximum term of eight years. Option terms are set at the discretion of the CGN Committee of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors itself, as provided under each plan.
At December 31, 2012, approximately 32 million shares were available for future grants under these plans. 
 Dominion
measures and recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payment transactions over the vesting

 104 

 Table of Contents 

period based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Dominion’s results for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 include $25 million, $39 million,
and $40 million, respectively, of compensation costs and $8 million, $13 million, and $15 million, respectively of income tax benefits related to Dominion’s stock-based compensation arrangements. Stock-based compensation cost is reported in
other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Excess tax benefits are classified as a financing cash flow. During the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, Dominion realized $10 million,
$2 million, and $10 million, respectively, of excess tax benefits from the vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of stock options. 

 S TOCK O PTIONS 
 The following table provides a summary of changes in amounts of stock options outstanding as of and for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. No options were granted under any plan
in 2012, 2011 or 2010. 

 Shares 

 Weighted -
average
Exercise Price 

 Weighted -
average
Remaining
Contractual
Life 

 Aggregated
Intrinsic
Value (1) 

 (thousands) 

 (years) 

 (millions) 

 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2009 

 3,822 

 $ 

 31.25 

 29 

 Exercised 

 (1,983 

 ) 

 $ 

 30.81 

 $ 

 22 

 Forfeited/expired 

 (29 

 ) 

 $ 

 29.84 

 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2010 

 1,810 

 $ 

 31.76 

 $ 

 20 

 Exercised 

 (1,174 

 ) 

 $ 

 32.46 

 $ 

 17 

 Forfeited/expired 

 (8 

 ) 

 $ 

 31.57 

 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2011 

 628 

 $ 

 30.81 

 $ 

 14 

 Exercised 

 (622 

 ) 

 $ 

 30.79 

 $ 

 13 

 Forfeited/expired 

 (6 

 ) 

 $ 

 32.26 

 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2012 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 (1) 

 Intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the option and the market value of Dominion’s stock. 

 Dominion issues new shares to satisfy stock option exercises. Dominion received cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of
approximately $19 million, $38 million, and $63 million in the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

 R ESTRICTED S TOCK 

 Restricted stock grants are made to officers under Dominion’s LTIP and may also be granted to certain key contributors from time to time. The fair
value of Dominion’s restricted stock awards is equal to the market price of Dominion’s stock on the date of grant. New shares are issued for restricted stock awards on the date of grant and generally vest over a three-year service period.
The following table provides a summary of restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: 

 Shares 

 Weighted
- average
Grant Date
Fair Value 

 (thousands) 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2009 

 1,484 

 $ 

 39.88 

 Granted 

 463 

 38.80 

 Vested 

 (618 

 ) 

 43.54 

 Cancelled and forfeited 

 (39 

 ) 

 36.92 

 Converted from goal-based stock to restricted stock 

 186 

 40.84 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2010 

 1,476 

 $ 

 38.20 

 Granted 

 299 

 43.68 

 Vested 

 (617 

 ) 

 40.72 

 Cancelled and forfeited 

 (25 

 ) 

 36.29 

 Converted from goal-based stock to restricted stock 

 168 

 30.99 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2011 

 1,301 

 $ 

 37.37 

 Granted 

 390 

 51.14 

 Vested 

 (596 

 ) 

 33.31 

 Cancelled and forfeited 

 (10 

 ) 

 42.99 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2012 

 1,085 

 $ 

 44.46 

 As of December 31, 2012, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock
awards totaled $23 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years. The fair value of restricted stock awards that vested was $30 million, $28 million, and $26 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.
Employees may elect to have shares of restricted stock withheld upon vesting to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The number of shares withheld will vary for each employee depending on the vesting date fair market value of Dominion stock and the
applicable federal, state and local tax withholding rates. 
 G OAL -B ASED S TOCK 

 Goal-based stock awards are granted under Dominion’s LTIP to officers who have not achieved a certain targeted level of share ownership, in lieu of
cash-based performance grants. Goal-based stock awards may also be made to certain key non-officer employees from time to time. Current outstanding goal-based shares include awards granted to officers in February 2011 and February 2012. 

 The issuance of awards is based on the achievement of two performance metrics during a two-year period, including TSR relative to that of
a peer group of companies and ROIC for 2011 and, for 2012, the two metrics of TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. The actual number of
shares issued will vary between zero and 200% of targeted shares depending on the level of performance metrics achieved. The fair value of goal-based stock is equal to the market price of Dominion’s stock on the date of grant. Goal-based stock
awards granted to key non-officer employees convert to restricted stock at the end

 105 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

of the two-year performance period and generally vest three years from the original grant date. Awards to officers vest at the end of the two-year performance period. All goal-based stock awards
are settled by issuing new shares. 
 After the performance period for the April 2009 grants ended on December 31, 2010, the
CGN Committee determined the actual performance against metrics established for those awards. For awards to key non-officer employees, 132 thousand shares of the outstanding goal-based stock awards granted in April 2009 were converted to
168 thousand shares of restricted stock for the remaining term of the vesting period ending in April 2012. For awards to officers, 20 thousand shares of the outstanding goal-based stock awards were converted to 25 thousand
non-restricted shares and issued to the officers. 
 After the performance period for the April 2010 grants ended on
December 31, 2011, the CGN Committee determined the actual performance against metrics established for those awards. For awards to officers, 9 thousand shares of the outstanding goal-based stock awards were converted to 15 thousand
non-restricted shares and issued to the officers. 
 The following table provides a summary of goal-based stock activity for the
years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: 

 Targeted
Number of
Shares 

 Weighted 

 - average
Grant Date
Fair Value 

 (thousands) 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2009 

 323 

 $ 

 36.12 

 Granted 

 9 

 37.46 

 Vested 

 (16 

 ) 

 39.31 

 Cancelled and forfeited 

 (8 

 ) 

 30.99 

 Converted from goal-based stock to restricted stock 

 (147 

 ) 

 40.84 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2010 

 161 

 $ 

 31.79 

 Granted 

 3 

 43.54 

 Vested 

 (20 

 ) 

 34.62 

 Converted from goal-based stock to restricted stock 

 (132 

 ) 

 30.99 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2011 

 12 

 $ 

 39.19 

 Granted 

 1 

 52.48 

 Vested 

 (9 

 ) 

 37.46 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2012 

 4 

 $ 

 45.60 

 At December 31, 2012, the targeted number of shares expected to be issued under the February 2011 and
February 2012 awards was approximately 4 thousand. In January 2013, the CGN Committee determined the actual performance against metrics established for the February 2011 awards with a performance period that ended December 31, 2012. Based on
that determination, the total number of shares to be issued under the February 2011 goal-based stock awards was approximately 2 thousand. 
 As of December 31, 2012, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested goal-based stock awards was not material. 
 C ASH -B ASED P ERFORMANCE G RANTS 

 Cash-based performance grants are made to Dominion’s officers under Dominion’s LTIP. The actual payout of cash-based performance grants will
vary between zero and 200% of the targeted amount based on the level of performance metrics achieved. 
 The targeted amount of
the cash-based performance grant

made to officers in April 2009 was $11 million, but the actual payout of the award in February 2011 determined by the CGN Committee was $14 million ($11 million of which was paid in December
2010), based on the level of performance metrics achieved. 
 In February 2010, a cash-based performance grant was made to
officers. A portion of the grant, representing $14 million was paid in December 2011, based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2010 and 2011: ROIC and TSR relative to that of a peer group of companies. The total amount of the award
under the grant was $20 million and the remaining $6 million of the grant was paid in February 2012. At December 31, 2011, a liability of $5 million had been accrued for the remaining portion of the award. 

 In February 2011, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. A portion of the grant, representing the initial payout of $6
million was paid in December 2012, based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2011 and 2012: TSR relative to that of a peer group of companies and ROIC. The total expected award under the grant is $8 million and the remaining portion
of the grant is expected to be paid by March 15, 2013. At December 31, 2012, a liability of $2 million had been accrued for the remaining portion of the award. 
 In February 2012, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by March 15, 2014 based on the achievement of two performance metrics
during 2012 and 2013: TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. At December 31, 2012, the targeted amount of the grant was $12 million
and a liability of $6 million had been accrued for this award. 

 N OTE 20. D IVIDEND R ESTRICTIONS 

 The Virginia Commission may prohibit any public service company, including Virginia Power, from declaring or paying a dividend to an
affiliate if found to be detrimental to the public interest. At December 31, 2012, the Virginia Commission had not restricted the payment of dividends by Virginia Power. 

 Certain agreements associated with Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt
to total capitalization. These limitations did not restrict Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from their subsidiaries at December 31, 2012. 

 See Note 17 for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by Dominion in connection with the deferral of interest
payments on junior subordinated notes. 

 N OTE 21. E MPLOYEE B ENEFIT P LANS 

 D OMINION 

 Dominion provides certain retirement benefits to eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. Under the terms of its benefit plans,
Dominion reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the plans. From time to time in the past, benefits have changed, and some of these changes have reduced benefits. 
 Dominion maintains qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering virtually all employees. Retirement benefits are based primarily on years of service, age and the

 106 

 Table of Contents 

employee’s compensation. Dominion’s funding policy is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with the provisions of ERISA. The pension program also provides benefits to
certain retired executives under a company-sponsored nonqualified employee benefit plan. The nonqualified plan is funded through contributions to a grantor trust. Dominion also provides retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits with annual
employee premiums based on several factors such as age, retirement date and years of service. 
 Pension and other postretirement
benefit costs are affected by employee demographics (including age, compensation levels and years of service), the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. These costs may also be affected by changes in key assumptions,
including expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and the rate of compensation increases. 
 Dominion uses December 31 as the measurement date for all of its employee benefit plans. Dominion uses the market-related value of pension plan assets to determine the expected return on plan assets,
a component of net periodic pension cost. The market-related value recognizes changes in fair value on a straight-line basis over a four-year period, which reduces year-to-year volatility. Changes in fair value are measured as the difference between
the expected and actual plan asset returns, including dividends, interest and realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Since the market-related value recognizes changes in fair value over a four-year period, the future market-related
value of pension plan assets will be impacted as previously unrecognized changes in fair value are recognized. 
 Dominion’s
pension and other postretirement benefit plans hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. Aggregate actual returns for Dominion’s pension and other postretirement plan assets were $743 million in 2012 and $273 million in
2011, versus expected returns of $509 million and $519 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these
trusts will result in future increases in the periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. 

 In January 2011, Dominion amended its retiree healthcare and life benefits to change the eligibility age, effective January 1, 2012,
for the majority of nonunion employees from 55 with 10 years of service to 58 with 10 years of service, resulting in an approximately $71 million reduction to the other postretirement benefit plan obligation. The eligibility requirements for
nonunion employees hired on or after January 1, 2008, who benefit under the Retiree Medical Account design, as well as for union employees were not affected by this plan design change. 

 The Medicare Act introduced a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree healthcare benefit plans that provide a prescription drug benefit
that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. Dominion determined that the prescription drug benefit offered under its other postretirement benefit plans is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. Dominion received a
federal subsidy of $5 million for each of 2012 and 2011. In December 2011, Dominion elected to change its method of receiving the subsidy under Medicare Part D for retiree prescription drug coverage

from the Retiree Drug Subsidy to the EGWP. This change became effective January 1, 2013. As a result of this change, Dominion recognized a decrease in its other postretirement benefit
obligations of approximately $170 million as of December 31, 2011. As a result of the adoption of the EGWP, beginning in 2013 Dominion will receive an increased level of Medicare Part D subsidies, in the form of reduced costs rather than a
direct reimbursement. 
 Funded Status 
 The following table summarizes the changes in Dominion’s pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and plan assets and includes a statement of the plans’ funded status:

 Pension Benefits 

 Other Postretirement 

 Benefits 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Changes in benefit obligation: 

 Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

 $ 

 4,981 

 $ 

 4,490 

 $ 

 1,493 

 $ 

 1,707 

 Service cost 

 116 

 108 

 44 

 48 

 Interest cost 

 268 

 258 

 79 

 94 

 Benefits paid 

 (208 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (88 

 ) 

 (83 

 ) 

 Actuarial (gains) losses during the year 

 967 

 340 

 191 

 (210 

 ) 

 Plan amendments 

 1 

 — 

 1 

 (70 

 ) 

 Settlements and curtailments 

 — 

 — 

 (6 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Medicare Part D reimbursement 

 — 

 — 

 5 

 5 

 Early Retirement Reimbursement Program 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 3 

 Benefit obligation at end of year 

 $ 

 6,125 

 $ 

 4,981 

 $ 

 1,719 

 $ 

 1,493 

 Changes in fair value of plan assets: 

 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

 $ 

 5,145 

 $ 

 5,106 

 $ 

 1,042 

 $ 

 1,031 

 Actual return on plan assets 

 611 

 247 

 132 

 26 

 Employer contributions 

 5 

 7 

 16 

 19 

 Benefits paid 

 (208 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

 $ 

 5,553 

 $ 

 5,145 

 $ 

 1,156 

 $ 

 1,042 

 Funded status at end of year 

 $ 

 (572 

 ) 

 $ 

 164 

 $ 

 (563 

 ) 

 $ 

 (451 

 ) 

 Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31: 

 Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets 

 701 

 677 

 1 

 4 

 Other current liabilities 

 (2 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities 

 (1,271 

 ) 

 (510 

 ) 

 (560 

 ) 

 (452 

 ) 

 Net amount recognized 

 $ 

 (572 

 ) 

 $ 

 164 

 $ 

 (563 

 ) 

 $ 

 (451 

 ) 

 Significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31: 

 Discount rate 

 4.4 

 % 

 5.5 

 % 

 4.4 

 % 

 5.5 

 % 

 Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 

 4.21 

 % 

 4.21 

 % 

 4.22 

 % 

 4.22 

 % 

 107 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The ABO for all of Dominion’s defined benefit pension plans was $5.5 billion and $4.5
billion at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 Under its funding policies, Dominion evaluates plan funding
requirements annually, usually in the fourth quarter after receiving updated plan information from its actuary. Based on the funded status of each plan and other factors, Dominion determines the amount of contributions for the current year, if any,
at that time. During 2012, Dominion made no contributions to its qualified defined benefit pension plans and no contributions are currently expected in 2013. In July 2012, the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act was signed into law.
This Act includes an increase in the interest rates used to determine plan sponsors’ pension contributions for required funding purposes. These new interest rates are expected to reduce required pension contributions for 2013 through 2015.
Dominion believes that required pension contributions will rise subsequent to 2015, resulting in little net impact to cumulative required contributions over a 10-year period. 
 Certain regulatory authorities have held that amounts recovered in utility customers’ rates for other postretirement benefits, in excess of benefits actually paid during the year, must be deposited
in trust funds dedicated for the sole purpose of paying such benefits. Accordingly, certain of Dominion’s subsidiaries fund other postretirement benefit costs through VEBAs. Dominion’s remaining subsidiaries do not prefund other
postretirement benefit costs but instead pay claims as presented. Dominion expects to contribute approximately $14 million to the Dominion VEBAs in 2013. 
 Dominion does not expect any pension or other postretirement plan assets to be returned to the Company during 2013. 
 The following table provides information on the benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for plans with a benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: 

 Pension Benefits 

 Other Postretirement 

 Benefits 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Benefit obligation 

 $ 

 5,462 

 $ 

 4,416 

 $ 

 1,591 

 $ 

 1,375 

 Fair value of plan assets 

 $ 

 4,189 

 3,903 

 1,027 

 920 

 The following table provides information on the ABO and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with
an ABO in excess of plan assets: 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Accumulated benefit obligation 

 $ 

 4,850 

 $ 

 95 

 Fair value of plan assets 

 4,189 

 — 

 (1) 

 The increase from 2011 is primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate.

 The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are
expected to be paid: 

 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

 Pension Benefits 

 Other Postretirement
Benefits 

 (millions) 

 2013 

 $ 

 231 

 $ 

 89 

 2014 

 245 

 93 

 2015 

 255 

 96 

 2016 

 300 

 100 

 2017 

 334 

 103 

 2018-2022 

 1,749 

 555 

 Plan Assets 
 Dominion’s overall objective for investing its pension and other postretirement plan assets is to achieve the best possible long-term rates of return commensurate with prudent levels of risk. To
minimize risk, funds are broadly diversified among asset classes, investment strategies and investment advisors. The strategic target asset allocations for its pension funds are 28% U.S. equity, 18% non-U.S. equity, 33% fixed income, 3% real estate
and 18% other alternative investments. U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies located in the United States. Non-U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap and small-cap companies located outside of the
United States including both developed and emerging markets. Fixed income includes corporate debt instruments of companies from diversified industries and U.S. Treasuries. The U.S. equity, non-U.S. equity and fixed income investments are in
individual securities as well as mutual funds. Real estate includes equity REITs and investments in partnerships. Other alternative investments include partnership investments in private equity, debt and hedge funds that follow several different
strategies. 
 Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic
asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
Deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of Dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual
asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and
other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. Financial derivatives may be used to obtain or manage market exposures and to hedge assets and liabilities. 

 For fair value measurement policies and procedures related to pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, see Note 6.

 108 

 Table of Contents 

 The fair values of Dominion’s pension plan assets by asset category are as follows:

 Fair Value Measurements 

 Pension Plans 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Cash equivalents 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 195 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 195 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 84 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 85 

 U.S. equity: 

 Large Cap 

 927 

 104 

 — 

 1,031 

 805 

 123 

 — 

 928 

 Other 

 425 

 99 

 — 

 524 

 359 

 197 

 — 

 556 

 Non-U.S. equity: 

 Large Cap 

 313 

 68 

 — 

 381 

 253 

 58 

 — 

 311 

 Other 

 228 

 167 

 — 

 395 

 190 

 81 

 — 

 271 

 Fixed income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 27 

 1,026 

 — 

 1,053 

 36 

 834 

 — 

 870 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 331 

 304 

 — 

 635 

 304 

 392 

 — 

 696 

 State and municipal 

 1 

 71 

 — 

 72 

 2 

 77 

 — 

 79 

 Other securities 

 5 

 43 

 — 

 48 

 8 

 40 

 — 

 48 

 Real estate: 

 REITs 

 29 

 — 

 — 

 29 

 16 

 — 

 — 

 16 

 Partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 321 

 321 

 — 

 — 

 304 

 304 

 Other alternative investments: 

 Private equity 

 — 

 — 

 456 

 456 

 — 

 — 

 448 

 448 

 Debt 

 — 

 — 

 192 

 192 

 — 

 — 

 243 

 243 

 Hedge funds 

 — 

 — 

 221 

 221 

 — 

 — 

 290 

 290 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,286 

 $ 

 2,077 

 $ 

 1,190 

 $ 

 5,553 

 $ 

 1,974 

 $ 

 1,886 

 $ 

 1,285 

 $ 

 5,145 

 The fair values of Dominion’s other postretirement plan assets by asset category are as follows:

 Fair Value Measurements 

 Other Postretirement Plans 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Cash equivalents 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 13 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 13 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 5 

 U.S. equity: 

 Large Cap 

 378 

 5 

 — 

 383 

 38 

 288 

 — 

 326 

 Other 

 21 

 45 

 — 

 66 

 17 

 44 

 — 

 61 

 Non-U.S. equity: 

 Large Cap 

 93 

 3 

 — 

 96 

 77 

 3 

 — 

 80 

 Other 

 11 

 8 

 — 

 19 

 9 

 4 

 — 

 13 

 Fixed income: 

 Corporate debt instruments 

 1 

 160 

 — 

 161 

 2 

 149 

 — 

 151 

 U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 

 16 

 266 

 — 

 282 

 14 

 246 

 — 

 260 

 State and municipal 

 — 

 9 

 — 

 9 

 — 

 6 

 — 

 6 

 Other securities 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 2 

 Real estate: 

 REITs 

 1 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 1 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 Partnerships 

 — 

 — 

 24 

 24 

 — 

 — 

 24 

 24 

 Other alternative investments: 

 Private equity 

 — 

 — 

 58 

 58 

 — 

 — 

 63 

 63 

 Debt 

 — 

 — 

 31 

 31 

 — 

 — 

 36 

 36 

 Hedge funds 

 — 

 — 

 11 

 11 

 — 

 — 

 14 

 14 

 Total 

 $ 

 521 

 $ 

 511 

 $ 

 124 

 $ 

 1,156 

 $ 

 158 

 $ 

 747 

 $ 

 137 

 $ 

 1,042 

 109 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The following table presents the changes in Dominion’s pension and other
postretirement plan assets that are measured at fair value and included in the Level 3 fair value category: 

 Fair Value Measurements using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Pension Plans 

 Other Postretirement Plans 

 Real
Estate 

 Private
Equity 

 Debt 

 Hedge
Funds 

 Total 

 Real
Estate 

 Private
Equity 

 Debt 

 Hedge
Funds 

 Total 

 Balance at December 31, 2009 

 $344 

 $344 

 $241 

 $388 

 $1,317 

 $26 

 $54 

 $36 

 $19 

 $135 

 Actual return on plan assets: 

 Relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 8 

 56 

 27 

 27 

 118 

 — 

 9 

 2 

 1 

 12 

 Purchases 

 56 

 90 

 36 

 — 

 182 

 3 

 9 

 8 

 — 

 20 

 Sales 

 (137 

 ) 

 (90 

 ) 

 (42 

 ) 

 (70 

 ) 

 (339 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (27 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 $ 

 271 

 $ 

 400 

 $ 

 262 

 $ 

 345 

 $ 

 1,278 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 61 

 $ 

 40 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 140 

 Actual return on plan assets: 

 Relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 38 

 70 

 10 

 10 

 128 

 3 

 11 

 1 

 — 

 15 

 Relating to assets sold during the period 

 (8 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 (67 

 ) 

 — 

 (4 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 Purchases 

 57 

 76 

 34 

 48 

 215 

 3 

 8 

 3 

 2 

 16 

 Sales 

 (54 

 ) 

 (64 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 (98 

 ) 

 (269 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (28 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 $ 

 304 

 $ 

 448 

 $ 

 243 

 $ 

 290 

 $ 

 1,285 

 $ 

 24 

 $ 

 63 

 $ 

 36 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 137 

 Actual return on plan assets: 

 Relating to assets still held at the reporting date 

 21 

 46 

 17 

 21 

 105 

 1 

 3 

 4 

 1 

 9 

 Relating to assets sold during the period 

 (8 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (62 

 ) 

 — 

 (1 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (1 

 ) 

 Purchases 

 35 

 79 

 15 

 — 

 129 

 2 

 6 

 1 

 — 

 9 

 Sales 

 (31 

 ) 

 (76 

 ) 

 (72 

 ) 

 (88 

 ) 

 (267 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (30 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 321 

 $ 

 456 

 $ 

 192 

 $ 

 221 

 $ 

 1,190 

 $ 

 24 

 $ 

 58 

 $ 

 31 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 124 

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 The components of the provision for net periodic benefit cost and amounts recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and liabilities are as follows: 

 Pension Benefits 

 Other Postretirement Benefits 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions, except percentages) 

 Service cost 

 $ 

 116 

 $ 

 108 

 $ 

 102 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 48 

 $ 

 56 

 Interest cost 

 268 

 258 

 266 

 79 

 94 

 101 

 Expected return on plan assets 

 (430 

 ) 

 (440 

 ) 

 (410 

 ) 

 (79 

 ) 

 (79 

 ) 

 (69 

 ) 

 Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 

 3 

 3 

 3 

 (13 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 Amortization of net actuarial loss 

 132 

 96 

 59 

 6 

 12 

 12 

 Settlements and curtailments (1) 

 — 

 — 

 136 

 (4 

 ) 

 1 

 37 

 Special termination
benefits (2) 

 — 

 — 

 10 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 Net periodic benefit cost 

 $ 

 89 

 $ 

 25 

 $ 

 166 

 $ 

 33 

 $ 

 63 

 $ 

 131 

 Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities: 

 Current year net actuarial (gain) loss 

 $ 

 786 

 $ 

 534 

 $ 

 95 

 $ 

 139 

 $ 

 (157 

 ) 

 $ 

 13 

 Prior service (credit) cost 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 1 

 (70 

 ) 

 — 

 Settlements and curtailments (1) 

 — 

 — 

 (50 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Less amounts included in net periodic benefit cost: 

 Amortization of net actuarial loss 

 (132 

 ) 

 (96 

 ) 

 (59 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 Amortization of prior service credit (cost) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 13 

 13 

 7 

 Total recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities 

 $ 

 651 

 $ 

 435 

 $ 

 (16 

 ) 

 $ 

 145 

 $ 

 (227 

 ) 

 $ 

 7 

 Significant assumptions used to determine periodic cost: 

 Discount rate 

 5.5 

 % 

 5.9 

 % 

 6.6 

 % 

 5.5 

 % 

 5.9 

 % 

 6.6 

 % 

 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

 8.5 

 % 

 8.5 

 % 

 8.5 

 % 

 7.75 

 % 

 7.75 

 % 

 7.75 

 % 

 Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 

 4.21 

 % 

 4.61 

 % 

 4.76 

 % 

 4.22 

 % 

 4.62 

 % 

 4.79 

 % 

 Healthcare cost trend rate (3) 

 7 

 % 

 7 

 % 

 7 

 % 

 Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) (3) 

 4.6 

 % 

 4.6 

 % 

 4.6 

 % 

 Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate (3) 

 2061 

 2060 

 2060 

 (1) 

 2012 amounts relate to the sale of Salem Harbor. 2010 amounts relate to the sales of Peoples and Dominion’s Appalachian E&P operations and a workforce
reduction program. 

 (2) 

 Represents a one-time special termination benefit for certain employees in connection with a workforce reduction program. 

 (3) 

 Assumptions used to determine periodic cost for the following year. 

 110 

 Table of Contents 

 The components of AOCI and regulatory assets and liabilities that have not been recognized
as components of periodic benefit cost are as follows: 

 Pension Benefits 

 Other 

 Postretirement 
 Benefits 

 At December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Net actuarial loss 

 $ 

 2,865 

 $ 

 2,211 

 $ 

 229 

 $ 

 100 

 Prior service (credit) cost 

 11 

 14 

 (71 

 ) 

 (86 

 ) 

 Total (1) 

 $ 

 2,876 

 $ 

 2,225 

 $ 

 158 

 $ 

 14 

 (1) 

 As of December 31, 2012, of the $2.9 billion and $158 million related to pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, $1.8 billion and $69 million,
respectively, are included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2011, of the $2.2 billion related to pension benefits, $1.4 billion is included in AOCI, with the remainder included in
regulatory assets and liabilities; the $14 million related to other postretirement benefits consists of $16 million included in regulatory assets and liabilities and $(2) million included in AOCI. 

 The following table provides the components of AOCI and regulatory assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2012 that are expected
to be amortized as components of periodic benefit cost in 2013: 

 Pension 

 Benefits 

 Other 

 Postretirement 
 Benefits 

 (millions) 

 Net actuarial loss 

 $ 

 185 

 $ 

 9 

 Prior service (credit) cost 

 3 

 (12 

 ) 

 Dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for its pension plans and other
postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of: 

 • 

 Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 

 • 

 Historical return analysis to determine long term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes;

 • 

 Expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations; 

 • 

 Forecasts of an independent investment advisor; 

 • 

 Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major stock market indices; and

 • 

 Investment allocation of plan assets. 

 Dominion determines discount rates from analyses of AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans.

 Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for
Dominion’s retiree healthcare plans. A one percentage point change in assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have had the following effects: 

 Other Postretirement Benefits 

 One 

 percentage 
 point 

 increase 

 One
percentage
point
decrease 

 (millions) 

 Effect on total of service and interest cost components for 2012 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 (16 

 ) 

 Effect on other postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2012 

 218 

 (172 

 ) 

 An internal committee selects the final assumptions used for Dominion’s pension and other
postretirement plans, including discount rates, expected long-term rates of return and healthcare cost trend rates. 
 Defined Contribution
Plans 
 In addition, Dominion sponsors defined contribution employee savings plans. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, Dominion recognized $40
million, $38 million and $39 million, respectively, as employer matching contributions to these plans. 
 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 
 Virginia Power participates in the Dominion Pension Plan, a defined benefit pension plan sponsored by Dominion that provides benefits to
multiple Dominion subsidiaries. Retirement benefits payable under this plan are based primarily on years of service, age and the employee’s compensation. As a participating employer, Virginia Power is subject to Dominion’s funding policy,
which is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with the provisions of ERISA. During 2012, Virginia Power made no contributions to the plan and no contributions are currently expected in 2013. Virginia Power’s net periodic
pension cost related to this pension plan was $72 million, $50 million and $84 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Employee compensation is the basis for determining Virginia Power’s share of total pension costs. 

 Virginia Power also participates in the Dominion Retiree Health and Welfare Plan, a plan sponsored by Dominion that provides certain
retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits to multiple Dominion subsidiaries. Annual employee premiums are based on several factors such as age, retirement date and years of service. Virginia Power’s net periodic benefit cost related to
this plan was $13 million, $23 million and $59 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Employee headcount is the basis for determining Virginia Power’s share of total other postretirement benefit costs. 

 Certain regulatory authorities have held that amounts recovered in rates for other postretirement benefits, in excess of benefits actually
paid during the year, must be deposited in trust funds dedicated for the sole purpose of paying such benefits. Accordingly, Virginia Power funds other postretirement benefit costs through a VEBA. Virginia Power made no contributions to the VEBA in
2012 and does not expect to contribute to the VEBA in 2013. 

 111 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Dominion holds investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments for its pension and
other postretirement benefit plans, in which Virginia Power’s employees participate. Any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be
included in the determination of the amount of cash that Virginia Power will provide to Dominion for its share of employee benefit plan contributions. 
 Virginia Power also participates in Dominion-sponsored defined contribution employee savings plans that cover substantially all employees. Employer matching contributions of $15 million were incurred in
2012 and $14 million in each of 2011 and 2010. 

 N OTE 22. C OMMITMENTS AND C ONTINGENCIES 

 As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, Dominion and Virginia Power are involved in legal proceedings
before various courts and are periodically subject to governmental examinations (including by regulatory authorities), inquiries and investigations. Certain legal proceedings and governmental examinations involve demands for unspecified amounts of
damages, are in an initial procedural phase, involve uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions, or involve significant factual issues that need to be resolved, such that it is not possible for the Companies to estimate a range of
possible loss. For such matters that the Companies cannot estimate, a statement to this effect is made in the description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the litigation or investigative processes such that the
Companies are able to estimate a range of possible loss. For legal proceedings and governmental examinations for which the Companies are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an estimated range of possible loss is provided, in
excess of the accrued liability (if any) for such matters. Estimated ranges of loss are inclusive of legal fees and net of any anticipated insurance recoveries. This estimated range is based on currently available information and involves elements
of judgment and significant uncertainties. This estimated range of possible loss may not represent the Companies’ maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of such legal proceedings and governmental examinations will change from time to
time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current proceedings not specifically reported below, management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings would have a material
effect on Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
 Environmental Matters 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health
and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.

 A IR 
 The CAA, as amended, is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. At a minimum, states are required to establish regulatory
programs to address all requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s facilities are subject to the CAA’s permitting and other
requirements. 
 In December 2011, the EPA issued MATS for coal and oil-fired electric utility steam generating units. The
rule establishes strict emission limits for mercury, particulate matter as a surrogate for toxic metals and hydrogen chloride as a surrogate for acid gases. The rule includes a limited use provision for oil-fired units with annual capacity factors
under 8% that provides an exemption from emission limits, and allows compliance with operational work practice standards. Compliance will be required by April 16, 2015, with certain limited exceptions. In December 2011, Virginia Power recorded
a $228 million ($139 million after-tax) charge reflecting plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to the anticipated retirement of certain regulated coal units, primarily as a result of the issuance of the final
MATS. Dominion continues to be governed by individual state mercury emission reduction regulations in Massachusetts and Illinois that are largely unaffected by this rule. 

 The EPA established CAIR with the intent to require significant reductions in SO 2 and NO x emissions from electric generating facilities. In July 2008, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued a
ruling vacating CAIR. In December 2008, the Court denied rehearing, but also issued a decision to remand CAIR to the EPA. In July 2011, the EPA issued a replacement rule for CAIR, called CSAPR, that required 28 states to reduce power plant emissions
that cross state lines. CSAPR established new SO 2 and
NO x emissions cap and trade programs that were completely
independent of the current ARP. Specifically, CSAPR required reductions in SO 2 and NO x 
emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units of 25 MW or more through annual NO x emissions caps, NO x emissions caps during the ozone season (May 1 through September 30) and annual SO 2 emission caps with differing requirements for two groups of affected states. 

 Following numerous petitions by industry participants for review and motions for stay, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit
issued a ruling in December 2011 to stay CSAPR pending judicial review. In February and June 2012, the EPA issued technical revisions to CSAPR that are not material to Dominion. In August 2012, the Court vacated CSAPR in its entirety and
ordered the EPA to implement CAIR until a valid replacement rule is issued. In October 2012, the EPA filed a petition requesting a rehearing of the court’s decision, which was denied in January 2013. The mandate vacating CSAPR was issued
February 4, 2013. The stay of CSAPR remains in effect and the EPA will continue to administer CAIR until such time that the EPA develops and implements new rulemaking addressing the issues identified by the Court. With respect to Dominion’s
generation fleet, the cost to comply with CAIR is not expected to be material. Future outcomes of litigation and/or any additional action to issue a revised rule could affect the assessment regarding cost of compliance.

 112 

 Table of Contents 

 In May 2012, the EPA issued final designations for the 75-ppb ozone air quality standard.
Several Dominion electric generating facilities are located in areas impacted by this standard. As part of the standard, states will be required to develop and implement plans to address sources emitting pollutants which contribute to the formation
of ozone. Until the states have developed implementation plans, Dominion is unable to predict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls. 

 In February 2008, Dominion received a request for information pursuant to Section 114 of the CAA from the EPA. The request concerns
historical operating changes and capital improvements undertaken at State Line and Kincaid. In April 2009, Dominion received a second request for information. Dominion provided information in response to both requests. Also in April 2009, Dominion
received a Notice and Finding of Violations from the EPA claiming violations of the CAA New Source Review requirements, NSPS, the Title V permit program and the stations’ respective State Implementation Plans. The Notice states that the EPA may
issue an order requiring compliance with the relevant CAA provisions and may seek injunctive relief and/or civil penalties, all pursuant to the EPA’s enforcement authority under the CAA. In May 2010, Dominion received a request for information
pursuant to Section 114 of the CAA from the EPA. The request concerns historical operating changes and capital improvements undertaken at Brayton Point. Dominion submitted its response to the request in November 2010. 

 Dominion believes that it complied with applicable laws and the EPA regulations and interpretations in effect at the time the work in
question took place. The CAA authorizes maximum civil penalties of $25,000 to $37,500 per day, per violation at each generating unit, depending on the date of the alleged violation. In addition to any such penalties that may be awarded, an adverse
outcome could require substantial capital expenditures or affect the timing of currently budgeted capital expenditures. Dominion is currently in settlement discussions to resolve these matters. There can be no assurance that Dominion will reach a
settlement with the EPA. However, in the past, the EPA has settled similar claims with other energy companies requiring them to pay civil penalties and/or undertake mitigation projects. Dominion has accrued a liability of $13 million, which
represents its best estimate of the probable loss related to civil penalties and mitigation projects in this matter, assuming Dominion is able to reach settlement with the EPA and based on the EPA’s settlement of similar claims with other
energy companies. Dominion does not believe that final resolution of the matter will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 W ATER 
 The CWA, as amended, is a comprehensive program requiring a broad
range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. Dominion and Virginia Power must comply with all aspects of the CWA programs at their operating
facilities. 
 In October 2003, the EPA and the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection each issued new NPDES
permits for Brayton Point. The new permits contained identical conditions that in effect require the installation of cooling towers to address concerns over the withdrawal and discharge of cooling

water. As of the end of the third quarter of 2012, the station was fully converted to closed cycle cooling. The total cost to install these cooling towers was approximately $550 million. See Note
6 for a discussion of impairments related to Brayton Point. 
 In September 2010, Millstone’s NPDES permit was reissued
under the CWA. The conditions of the permit require an evaluation of control technologies that could result in additional expenditures in the future. The report summarizing the results of the evaluation was submitted in August 2012 and is under
review by the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. Dominion cannot currently predict the outcome of this review. In October 2010, the permit issuance was appealed to the state court by a private plaintiff. The permit is
expected to remain in effect during the appeal. Dominion is currently unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts related to this matter. 
 S OLID AND H AZARDOUS W ASTE 
 The
CERCLA, as amended, provides for immediate response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of hazardous substances into the environment and authorizes the U.S. government either to clean up sites at which
hazardous substances have created actual or potential environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under the CERCLA, as amended, generators and transporters of hazardous substances, as well as past and present
owners and operators of contaminated sites, can be jointly, severally, and strictly liable for the cost of cleanup. These potentially responsible parties can be ordered to perform a cleanup, be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup,
voluntarily settle with the U.S. government concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or voluntarily begin a site investigation and site remediation under state oversight. 
 From time to time, Dominion or Virginia Power may be identified as a potentially responsible party to a Superfund site. The EPA (or a state) can either allow such a party to conduct and pay for a remedial
investigation, feasibility study and remedial action or conduct the remedial investigation and action itself and then seek reimbursement from the potentially responsible parties. Each party can be held jointly, severally and strictly liable for the
cleanup costs. These parties can also bring contribution actions against each other and seek reimbursement from their insurance companies. As a result, Dominion or Virginia Power may be responsible for the costs of remedial investigation and actions
under the Superfund law or other laws or regulations regarding the remediation of waste. Except as noted below, the Companies do not believe this will have a material effect on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
 
 In September 2011, the EPA issued a UAO to Virginia Power and 22 other parties, ordering specific remedial action of certain
areas at the Ward Transformer Superfund site located in Raleigh, North Carolina. Virginia Power does not believe it is a liable party under CERCLA based on its alleged connection to the site. In November 2011, Virginia Power and a number
of other parties notified the EPA that they are declining to undertake the work set forth in the UAO. 
 The EPA may seek to
enforce a UAO in court pursuant to its enforcement authority under CERCLA, and may seek recovery of its costs in undertaking removal or remedial action. If the court determines that a respondent failed to comply with the UAO

 113 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

without sufficient cause, the EPA may also seek civil penalties of up to $37,500 per day for the violation and punitive damages of up to three times the costs incurred by the EPA as a result of
the party’s failure to comply with the UAO. Virginia Power is currently unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts related to the Ward Transformer matter. 

 Dominion has determined that it is associated with 17 former manufactured gas plant sites, three of which pertain to Virginia Power.
Studies conducted by other utilities at their former manufactured gas plant sites have indicated that those sites contain coal tar and other potentially harmful materials. None of the former sites with which Dominion and Virginia Power are
associated is under investigation by any state or federal environmental agency. At one of the former sites, Dominion is conducting a state-approved post closure groundwater monitoring program and an environmental land use restriction has been
recorded. Another site has been accepted into a state-based voluntary remediation program. Dominion is currently evaluating the nature and extent of the contamination from this site as well as potential remedial options, but is not yet able to
estimate the future remediation costs. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these sites, Dominion is unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts related to these sites. 

 C LIMATE C HANGE L EGISLATION AND R EGULATION 

 Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut, among other states, have joined RGGI, a multi-state effort to reduce CO 2 emissions in the Northeast implemented through state specific
regulations. Under the initiative, aggregate CO 2 emissions
from power plants in participating states are required to be stabilized at current levels from 2009 to 2015. Further reductions from current levels would be required to be phased in starting in 2016 such that by 2019 there would be a 10% reduction
in participating state power plant CO 2 emissions. During
2012, RGGI underwent a program review, and in February 2013, revisions to the RGGI model rule were issued. Dominion is in the process of evaluating these revisions as to potential impacts on Dominion’s fossil fired generation operations in
RGGI states. Until this evaluation is completed, Dominion is unable to estimate the potential financial statement impacts related to the program review. 

 Two of Dominion’s facilities, Brayton Point and Manchester Street, are subject to RGGI. Beginning with calendar
year 2009, RGGI requires that Dominion cover each ton of CO 2 
direct stack emissions from these facilities with either an allowance or an offset. The allowances can be purchased through auction or through a secondary market. Dominion has periodically participated in RGGI allowance auctions to date and has
procured allowances to meet its estimated compliance requirements under RGGI’s current requirement through 2013 and most of 2014, therefore Dominion does not expect compliance with RGGI to have a material impact on its results of operations or
financial condition. During June 2011, a lawsuit was filed in New York seeking to retroactively rescind RGGI participation by that state. A percentage of Dominion’s RGGI allowances had been acquired from New York. The allocated value
of these allowances totaled approximately $38 million, of which all have been expensed as consumed for RGGI Phase I compliance. In February 2012, Dominion surrendered these New York RGGI allowances for the

RGGI Phase I compliance period and therefore does not expect any significant financial statement impacts from this lawsuit as it no longer holds allowances issued by the state of New York. In
June 2012, a New York state court dismissed the lawsuit. A notice of appeal was filed in July 2012, however no appeal was filed. 
 MF Global
 
 Prior to October 31, 2011, certain of Dominion’s subsidiaries executed certain commodity transactions on exchanges using MF
Global, an FCM registered with the CFTC. In order to secure its potential exposure on these commodity transactions, Dominion posted certain required margin collateral with MF Global. The parent company of MF Global, MF Global Holdings Ltd., filed
for bankruptcy relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code on October 31, 2011. On the same date, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York appointed a trustee to oversee the liquidation of MF Global pursuant to the
Securities Investor Protection Act. 
 In accordance with court-approved procedures, Dominion transferred to other FCMs all open
positions executed using MF Global. The initial margin posted for these open positions at October 31, 2011 was approximately $73 million. Dominion had received approximately $17 million of this amount through the liquidation process as of
December 31, 2012. In January 2013, Dominion sold the remaining claims of approximately $56 million to a third party at a small discount. 
 Nuclear
Matters 
 In March 2011, a magnitude 9.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami caused significant damage at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power
station in northeast Japan. These events have resulted in significant nuclear safety reviews required by the NRC and industry groups such as INPO. Like other U.S. nuclear operators, Dominion has been gathering supporting data and participating in
industry initiatives focused on the ability to respond to and mitigate the consequences of design-basis and beyond-design-basis events at its stations. 
 In July 2011, an NRC task force provided initial recommendations based on its review of the Fukushima Daiichi accident and in October 2011 the NRC staff prioritized these recommendations into Tiers 1, 2
and 3, with the Tier 1 recommendations consisting of actions which the staff determined should be started without unnecessary delay. In December 2011, the NRC Commissioners approved the agency staff’s prioritization and recommendations; and
that same month an appropriations act directed the NRC to require reevaluation of external hazards (not limited to seismic and flooding hazards) as soon as possible. 
 Based on the prioritized recommendations, in March 2012, the NRC issued orders and information requests requiring specific reviews and actions to all operating reactors, construction permit holders and
combined license holders based on the lessons learned from the Fukushima Daiichi event. The orders applicable to Dominion require implementation of safety enhancements related to mitigation strategies to respond to extreme natural events resulting
in the loss of power at plants, and enhancing spent fuel pool instrumentation. The orders require prompt implementation of the safety enhancements and completion of implementation within two refueling outages or by December 31, 2016,
whichever comes first. The information requests issued by 

 114 

 Table of Contents 

the NRC request each reactor to reevaluate the seismic and flooding hazards at their site using present-day methods and information, conduct walkdowns of their facilities to ensure protection
against the hazards in their current design basis, and to reevaluate their emergency communications systems and staffing levels. Dominion and Virginia Power do not currently expect that compliance with the NRC’s March 2012 orders and
information requests will materially impact their financial position, results of operations or cash flows during the approximately four-year implementation period. The NRC staff is evaluating the implementation of the longer term Tier 2 and Tier 3
recommendations. Dominion and Virginia Power are currently unable to estimate the potential financial impacts related to compliance with Tier 2 and Tier 3 recommendations. 
 Long-Term Purchase Agreements 
 At December 31, 2012, Virginia Power had the following
long-term commitments that are noncancelable or are cancelable only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to secure financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods or services: 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Purchased electric
capacity (1) 

 $ 

 350 

 $ 

 358 

 $ 

 337 

 $ 

 275 

 $ 

 181 

 $ 

 327 

 $ 

 1,828 

 (1) 

 Commitments represent estimated amounts payable for capacity under power purchase contracts with qualifying facilities and independent power producers, the last of
which ends in 2021. Capacity payments under the contracts are generally based on fixed dollar amounts per month, subject to escalation using broad-based economic indices. At December 31, 2012, the present value of Virginia Power’s
total commitment for capacity payments is $1.4 billion. Capacity payments totaled $337 million, $338 million, and $344 million, and energy payments totaled $214 million, $275 million, and $303 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

 Lease Commitments 

 Dominion and Virginia Power lease various facilities, vehicles and equipment primarily under operating leases. Payments under certain leases are escalated
based on an index such as the consumer price index. Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating and capital leases that have initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2012 are as follows:

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 (millions) 

 Dominion 

 $ 

 79 

 $ 

 72 

 $ 

 64 

 $ 

 55 

 $ 

 63 

 $ 

 161 

 $ 

 494 

 Virginia Power 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 24 

 $ 

 19 

 $ 

 15 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 121 

 Rental expense for Dominion totaled $112 million, $155 million, and $171 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. Rental expense for Virginia Power totaled $48 million, $50 million, and $50 million for 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. The majority of rental expense is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated
Statements of Income. 

 Nuclear Operations 
 N UCLEAR D ECOMMISSIONING —M INIMUM F INANCIAL A SSURANCE 
 The NRC requires nuclear power plant owners to annually update minimum financial assurance amounts for the future decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. Decommissioning involves the decontamination
and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. The 2012 calculation for the NRC minimum financial assurance amount, aggregated for
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear units, excluding joint owners’ assurance amounts, was $3.3 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, and has been satisfied by a combination of the funds being collected and deposited in the
nuclear decommissioning trusts and the real annual rate of return growth of the funds allowed by the NRC. The 2012 NRC minimum financial assurance amounts shown were calculated using preliminary December 31, 2012 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
indices. Dominion believes that the amounts currently available in its decommissioning trusts and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone and Kewaunee units. Virginia Power also
believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to
these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns as the decommissioning of the units will not be complete for decades. Dominion and
Virginia Power will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the minimum financial assurance requirement, which may include the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial guarantees recognized by the NRC. See
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Kewaunee. 
 N UCLEAR I NSURANCE 
 
 The Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988 provides the public up to $12.6 billion of liability protection per nuclear incident, via
obligations required of owners of nuclear power plants, and allows for an inflationary provision adjustment every five years. Dominion and Virginia Power have purchased $375 million of coverage from commercial insurance pools for each reactor site
with the remainder provided through a mandatory industry risk-sharing program. In the event of a nuclear incident at any licensed nuclear reactor in the U.S., the Companies could be assessed up to $118 million for each of their licensed reactors not
to exceed $18 million per year per reactor. There is no limit to the number of incidents for which this retrospective premium can be assessed. 
 The current level of property insurance coverage for Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear units is as follows: 

 Coverage 

 (billions) 

 Dominion 

 Millstone 

 $ 

 2.75 

 Kewaunee 

 1.80 

 Virginia Power (1) 

 Surry 

 $ 

 2.55 

 North Anna 

 2.55 

 (1) 

 Surry and North Anna share a blanket property limit of $1 billion.

 115 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The Companies’ coverage exceeds the NRC minimum requirement for nuclear power plant
licensees of $1.06 billion per reactor site and includes coverage for premature decommissioning and functional total loss. The NRC requires that the proceeds from this insurance be used first, to return the reactor to and maintain it in a safe and
stable condition and second, to decontaminate the reactor and station site in accordance with a plan approved by the NRC. Nuclear property insurance is provided by NEIL, a mutual insurance company, and is subject to retrospective premium assessments
in any policy year in which losses exceed the funds available to the insurance company. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s maximum retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is $89 million and $48 million, respectively.
Based on the severity of the incident, the Board of Directors of NEIL has the discretion to lower or eliminate the maximum retrospective premium assessment. Dominion and Virginia Power have the financial responsibility for any losses that exceed the
limits or for which insurance proceeds are not available because they must first be used for stabilization and decontamination. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power also purchase insurance from NEIL to mitigate certain expenses, including replacement power costs, associated
with the prolonged outage of a nuclear unit due to direct physical damage. Under this program, the Companies are subject to a retrospective premium assessment for any policy year in which losses exceed funds available to NEIL. Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s maximum retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is $33 million and $20 million, respectively. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2012, Dominion announced plans to close and decommission Kewaunee. Kewaunee is expected to cease power production in the second quarter of 2013 and commence
decommissioning activities. Effective February 1, 2013, Kewaunee’s accidental outage policy for replacement power costs has been cancelled, and Kewaunee’s property coverage of $1.8 billion did not change. The cancellation of
Kewaunee’s accidental outage policy for replacement power costs lowered Dominion’s retrospective premium assessment from $33 million to $30 million. 
 ODEC, a part owner of North Anna, and Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company and Green Mountain Power Corporation, part owners of Millstone’s Unit 3, are responsible to Dominion and
Virginia Power for their share of the nuclear decommissioning obligation and insurance premiums on applicable units, including any retrospective premium assessments and any losses not covered by insurance. 

 S PENT N UCLEAR F UEL 
 Dominion and Virginia Power entered into contracts with the DOE for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel under provisions of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982. The DOE failed to begin accepting the spent
fuel on January 31, 1998, the date provided by the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and by the Companies’ contracts with the DOE. The Companies have previously received damages award payments and settlement payments related to these contracts.
 
 Dominion and Virginia Power have resolved additional claims for damages incurred at Millstone, Kewaunee, Surry and North Anna.
In May 2012, Dominion made formal offers of settlement to the Authorized Representative of the Attorney General for resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period July 1,

2006 through December 31, 2010 and periodic payments after that date through 2013 and for resolution of claims incurred at Kewaunee for the period January 1, 2009 through
December 31, 2010 and periodic payments after that date through 2013. In September 2012, Dominion and the government entered into settlement agreements. Initial settlement payments in the amounts of $20 million for Millstone and $6 million for
Kewaunee were received in the fourth quarter of 2012. In September 2012, Virginia Power made a formal offer of settlement for resolution of claims incurred at Surry and North Anna for the period July 1, 2006 through December 31, 2010 and
periodic payments after that date through 2013. In November 2012, Virginia Power and the government entered into a settlement agreement. An initial settlement payment in the amount of $75 million for Surry and North Anna was received in the fourth
quarter of 2012. All of the settlement agreements are extendable after 2013 by mutual agreement of the parties. In June 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power filed lawsuits in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for Millstone, Surry and North Anna against
the DOE requesting additional damages for the period July 1, 2006 through December 31, 2010. The lawsuits have been dismissed as a result of the settlement agreements. 

 The Companies continue to recognize receivables for certain spent nuclear fuel-related costs that they believe are probable of recovery
from the DOE. Dominion’s receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $36 million and $102 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Virginia Power’s receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $26
million and $76 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Companies will continue to manage their spent fuel until it is accepted by the DOE. 
 Guarantees, Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit 
 D OMINION 

 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had issued $92 million of guarantees, primarily to support equity method investees. No significant amounts
related to these guarantees have been recorded. As of December 31, 2012, Dominion’s exposure under these guarantees was $62 million, primarily related to certain reserve requirements associated with non-recourse financing. 

 In addition to the above guarantees, Dominion and its partners, Shell and BP, may be required to make additional periodic equity
contributions to NedPower and Fowler Ridge in connection with certain funding requirements associated with their respective non-recourse financings. As of December 31, 2012, Dominion’s maximum remaining cumulative exposure under these
equity funding agreements is $107 million through 2019 and its maximum annual future contributions could range from approximately $4 million to $19 million. 
 Dominion also enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries, primarily to facilitate their commercial transactions with third parties. To the extent that a liability
subject to a guarantee has been incurred by one of Dominion’s consolidated subsidiaries, that liability is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion is not required to recognize liabilities for guarantees issued on behalf of
its subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that it will have to perform under the guarantees. Terms of the guarantees typically end once obligations have been paid. Dominion currently believes it is

 116 

 Table of Contents 

unlikely that it would be required to perform or otherwise incur any losses associated with guarantees of its subsidiaries’ obligations. 

 At December 31, 2012, Dominion had issued the following subsidiary guarantees: 

 Stated Limit 

 Value (1) 

 (millions) 

 Subsidiary debt (2) 

 $ 

 363 

 $ 

 363 

 Commodity transactions (3) 

 2,939 

 377 

 Nuclear obligations (4) 

 231 

 77 

 Other (5) 

 673 

 98 

 Total 

 $ 

 4,206 

 $ 

 915 

 (1) 

 Represents the estimated portion of the guarantee’s stated limit that is utilized as of December 31, 2012 based upon prevailing economic conditions
and fact patterns specific to each guarantee arrangement. For those guarantees related to obligations that are recorded as liabilities by Dominion’s subsidiaries, the value includes the recorded amount. 

 (2) 

 Guarantees of debt of certain DEI subsidiaries. In the event of default by the subsidiaries, Dominion would be obligated to repay such amounts.

 (3) 

 Guarantees related to energy trading and marketing activities and other commodity commitments of certain subsidiaries, including subsidiaries of Virginia Power and
DEI. These guarantees were provided to counterparties in order to facilitate physical and financial transactions in gas, oil, electricity, pipeline capacity, transportation and related commodities and services. If any of these subsidiaries fail to
perform or pay under the contracts and the counterparties seek performance or payment, Dominion would be obligated to satisfy such obligation. Dominion and its subsidiaries receive similar guarantees as collateral for credit extended to others. The
value provided includes certain guarantees that do not have stated limits. 

 (4) 

 Guarantees related to certain DEI subsidiaries’ potential retrospective premiums that could be assessed if there is a nuclear incident under Dominion’s
nuclear insurance programs and guarantees for a DEI subsidiary’s and Virginia Power’s commitment to buy nuclear fuel. Excludes Dominion’s agreement to provide up to $150 million and $60 million to two DEI subsidiaries to pay the
operating expenses of Millstone and Kewaunee, respectively, in the event of a prolonged outage, as part of satisfying certain NRC requirements concerned with ensuring adequate funding for the operations of nuclear power stations. The agreement for
Kewaunee also provides for funds through the completion of decommissioning. 

 (5) 

 Guarantees related to other miscellaneous contractual obligations such as leases, environmental obligations and construction projects. Also includes guarantees
related to certain DEI subsidiaries’ obligations for equity capital contributions and energy generation associated with Fowler Ridge and NedPower. 

 Additionally, as of December 31, 2012 Dominion had purchased $163 million of surety bonds and authorized the issuance of letters of credit by financial institutions of $26 million to facilitate
commercial transactions by its subsidiaries with third parties. Under the terms of surety bonds, Dominion is obligated to indemnify the respective surety bond company for any amounts paid. 
 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 As of December 31, 2012, Virginia Power had
issued $14 million of guarantees primarily to support tax-exempt debt issued through conduits. Virginia Power had also purchased $67 million of surety bonds for various purposes, including providing workers’ compensation coverage, and
authorized the issuance of letters of credit by financial institutions of $2 million to facilitate commercial transactions by its subsidiaries with third parties. Under the terms of surety bonds, Virginia Power is obligated to indemnify the
respective surety bond company for any amounts paid. 

 Indemnifications 
 As part of commercial contract negotiations in the normal course of business, Dominion and Virginia Power may sometimes agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future
unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may involve an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretation of the tax law. Dominion and
Virginia Power are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these contracts because events that would obligate them have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified
of its occurrence. However, at December 31, 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power believe future payments, if any, that could ultimately become payable under these contract provisions, would not have a material impact on their results of
operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Workforce Reduction Program 
 In the first quarter of 2010, Dominion and Virginia Power announced a workforce reduction program that reduced their total workforces by approximately 9% and 11%, respectively, during 2010. The goal of
the workforce reduction program was to reduce operations and maintenance expense growth and further improve the efficiency of the Companies. In the first quarter of 2010, Dominion recorded a $338 million ($206 million after-tax) charge, including
$202 million ($123 million after-tax) at Virginia Power, primarily reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in their Consolidated Statements of Income due to severance pay and other benefits related to the workforce reduction program.
During 2010, Dominion and Virginia Power paid $109 million and $104 million, respectively, of costs related to the program. The terms of the workforce reduction program were consistent with the Companies’ existing severance plan. 

 N OTE 23. C REDIT R ISK 

 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if counterparties fail to perform their contractual obligations. In order to minimize overall
credit risk, credit policies are maintained, including the evaluation of counterparty financial condition, collateral requirements and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single
counterparty. In addition, counterparties may make available collateral, including letters of credit or cash held as margin deposits, as a result of exceeding agreed-upon credit limits, or may be required to prepay the transaction. 

 Dominion and Virginia Power maintain a provision for credit losses based on factors surrounding the credit risk of their customers,
historical trends and other information. Management believes, based on credit policies and the December 31, 2012 provision for credit losses, that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on financial position, results of operations or
cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance. 
 G ENERAL 

 D OMINION 
 As a diversified energy
company, Dominion transacts primarily with major companies in the energy industry and with
commer- 

 117 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

cial and residential energy consumers. These transactions principally occur in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions of the U.S. Dominion does not believe that this geographic
concentration contributes significantly to its overall exposure to credit risk. In addition, as a result of its large and diverse customer base, Dominion is not exposed to a significant concentration of credit risk for receivables arising from
electric and gas utility operations. 
 Dominion’s exposure to credit risk is concentrated primarily within its energy
marketing and price risk management activities, as Dominion transacts with a smaller, less diverse group of counterparties and transactions may involve large notional volumes and potentially volatile commodity prices. Energy marketing and price risk
management activities include trading of energy-related commodities, marketing of merchant generation output, structured transactions and the use of financial contracts for enterprise-wide hedging purposes. Gross credit exposure for each
counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the application of collateral. At
December 31, 2012, Dominion’s credit exposure totaled $512 million. Of this amount, investment grade counterparties, including those internally rated, represented 77%. One counterparty exposure represents 11% of Dominion’s total
exposure and is a large financial institution rated investment grade. 
 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Virginia Power sells electricity and provides distribution and transmission services to customers in Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. Management
believes that this geographic concentration risk is mitigated by the diversity of Virginia Power’s customer base, which includes residential, commercial and industrial customers, as well as rural electric cooperatives and municipalities. Credit
risk associated with trade accounts receivable from energy consumers is limited due to the large number of customers. Virginia Power’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from sales to wholesale customers.
Virginia Power’s gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated
prior to the application of collateral. At December 31, 2012, Virginia Power’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk was not considered material. 
 C REDIT - RELATED C ONTINGENT P ROVISIONS 
 The majority of Dominion’s derivative instruments contain credit-related contingent provisions. These provisions require Dominion to provide collateral upon the occurrence of specific events,
primarily a credit downgrade. If the credit-related contingent features underlying these instruments that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash were fully triggered as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, Dominion would
have been required to post an additional $110 million and $88 million, respectively, of collateral to its counterparties. The collateral that would be required to be posted includes the impacts of any offsetting asset positions and any amounts
already posted for derivatives, non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual

terms. Dominion had posted $4 million in collateral at December 31, 2012 and $110 million in collateral, including $4 million of letters of credit at December 31, 2011, related to
derivatives with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash. The collateral posted includes any amounts paid related to non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the
normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual terms. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash as of
December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $163 million and $259 million, respectively, which does not include the impact of any offsetting asset positions. Credit-related contingent provisions for Virginia Power were not material as of December 31,
2012 and 2011. See Note 7 for further information about derivative instruments. 

 N OTE 24. R ELATED - PARTY T RANSACTIONS 

 Virginia Power engages in related-party transactions primarily with other Dominion subsidiaries (affiliates). Virginia Power’s
receivable and payable balances with affiliates are settled based on contractual terms or on a monthly basis, depending on the nature of the underlying transactions. Virginia Power is included in Dominion’s consolidated federal income tax
return and participates in certain Dominion benefit plans. A discussion of significant related-party transactions follows. 
 Transactions with
Affiliates 
 Virginia Power transacts with affiliates for certain quantities of natural gas and other commodities in the ordinary course of
business. Virginia Power also enters into certain commodity derivative contracts with affiliates. Virginia Power uses these contracts, which are principally comprised of commodity swaps, to manage commodity price risks associated with purchases of
natural gas. 
 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, Virginia Power’s derivative liabilities with affiliates were not
material. 
 DRS and other affiliates provide accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and technical services to
Virginia Power. In addition, Virginia Power provides certain services to affiliates, including charges for facilities and equipment usage. Presented below are significant transactions with DRS and other affiliates: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (millions) 

 Commodity purchases from affiliates 

 $ 

 368 

 $ 

 376 

 $ 

 373 

 Services provided by affiliates 

 399 

 393 

 469 

 Services provided to affiliates 

 19 

 21 

 19 

 In the fourth quarter of 2011, a subsidiary of Virginia Power purchased nuclear fuel-related inventory from an affiliate
for $39 million for future use at its nuclear generation stations. 
 Virginia Power has borrowed funds from Dominion under
short-term borrowing arrangements. There were $243 million in short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion as of December 31, 2012. There were no short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion as of December 31, 2011. Virginia

 118 

 Table of Contents 

Power’s outstanding borrowings, net of repayments, under the Dominion money pool for its nonregulated subsidiaries totaled $192 million and $187 million as of December 31, 2012 and
2011, respectively. Interest charges related to Virginia Power’s borrowings from Dominion were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 
 In 2010 Virginia Power issued 33,013 shares of its common stock to Dominion for approximately $1 billion, for the purpose of retiring short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion. There were no such
issuances of common stock in 2011 and 2012. 

 N OTE 25. O PERATING S EGMENTS 

 Dominion and Virginia Power are organized primarily on the basis of products and services sold in the U.S. A description of the
operations included in the Companies’ primary operating segments is as follows: 

 Primary Operating 
 Segment 

 Description of Operations 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 

 Power 

 DVP 

 Regulated electric distribution 

 X 

 X 

 Regulated electric transmission 

 X 

 X 

 Nonregulated retail energy marketing (electric and gas) 

 X 

 Dominion Generation 

 Regulated electric fleet 

 X 

 X 

 Merchant electric fleet 

 X 

 Dominion Energy 

 Gas transmission and storage 

 X 

 Gas distribution and storage 

 X 

 LNG import and storage 

 X 

 Producer services 

 X 

 In addition to the operating segments above, the Companies also report a Corporate and Other segment.
 
 The Corporate and Other Segment of Virginia Power primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating
segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 
 The Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of the operations that are expected to be or
are currently discontinued, which are discussed in Note 3. In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in
assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. 
 D OMINION 

 In 2012, Dominion reported after-tax net expense of $1.4 billion for specific items in the Corporate and Other segment, with $1.4 billion of these net
expenses attributable to its operating segments. 
 The net expenses for specific items in 2012 primarily related to the impact
of the following items: 

 Ÿ 

 A $1.7 billion ($1.1 billion after-tax) net loss from operations, including an impairment charge, of Brayton Point, Kincaid and Elwood, attributable to
Dominion Generation. Dominion announced its intention to pursue the sale of these two merchant power stations and equity method investment in the third quarter of 2012;

 Ÿ 

 A $467 million ($303 million after-tax) net loss, including impairment charges, primarily resulting from management’s decision to cease operations
and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013, attributable to Dominion Generation; 

 Ÿ 

 An $87 million ($53 million after-tax) charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms, attributable to DVP; and

 Ÿ 

 A $49 million ($22 million after-tax) loss from discontinued operations of State Line and Salem Harbor which were sold in 2012, attributable to
Dominion Generation. 

 In 2011, Dominion reported after-tax net expense of $311 million for specific items in
the Corporate and Other segment, with $340 million of these net expenses attributable to its operating segments. 
 The net
expenses for specific items in 2011 primarily related to the impact of the following items: 

 Ÿ 

 A $228 million ($139 million after-tax) charge reflecting plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to the anticipated
retirement of certain utility coal-fired generating units, attributable to Dominion Generation; 

 Ÿ 

 A $96 million ($59 million after-tax) charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene, primarily attributable to
DVP; 

 Ÿ 

 A $66 million ($39 million after-tax) loss from the operations of Kewaunee, attributable to Dominion Generation; 

 Ÿ 

 A $57 million ($34 million after-tax) charge related to the impairment of SO 2 emissions allowances not expected to be consumed due to CSAPR, attributable to Dominion Generation; and

 Ÿ 

 A $34 million ($25 million after-tax) loss from discontinued operations of State Line and Salem Harbor which were sold in 2012, attributable to
Dominion Generation. 

 In 2010, Dominion reported after-tax net benefits of $865 million for specific items in
the Corporate and Other segment, with $1.0 billion of these net benefits attributable to its operating segments. 
 The net
benefits for specific items in 2010 primarily related to the impact of the following items: 

 Ÿ 

 A $2.5 billion ($1.4 billion after-tax) benefit resulting from the gain on the sale of substantially all of Dominion’s Appalachian E&P
operations net of charges related to the divestiture, attributable to Dominion Energy; partially offset by 

 Ÿ 

 A $331 million ($202 million after-tax) charge primarily reflecting severance pay and other benefits related to a workforce reduction program,
attributable to: 

 Ÿ 

 DVP ($67 million after-tax); 

 Ÿ 

 Dominion Energy ($24 million after-tax); and 

 Ÿ 

 Dominion Generation ($111 million after-tax); 

 Ÿ 

 A $158 million ($103 million after-tax) loss from the discontinued operations of State Line and Salem Harbor; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $134 million ($155 million after-tax) loss from the discontinued operations of Peoples primarily reflecting a net loss on the sale, attributable to
the Corporate and Other segment. 

 119 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion’s
operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 DVP 

 Dominion
Generation (1) 

 Dominion
Energy 

 Corporate and
Other (1) 

 Adjustments &
Eliminations 

 Consolidated
Total 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Total revenue from external customers 

 $ 

 3,385 

 $ 

 6,517 

 $ 

 1,813 

 $ 

 307 

 $ 

 1,071 

 $ 

 13,093 

 Intersegment revenue 

 112 

 333 

 930 

 608 

 (1,983 

 ) 

 — 

 Total operating revenue 

 3,497 

 6,850 

 2,743 

 915 

 (912 

 ) 

 13,093 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 402 

 500 

 216 

 68 

 — 

 1,186 

 Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

 — 

 3 

 23 

 (1 

 ) 

 — 

 25 

 Interest income 

 9 

 57 

 30 

 71 

 (106 

 ) 

 61 

 Interest and related charges 

 187 

 208 

 47 

 546 

 (106 

 ) 

 882 

 Income taxes 

 351 

 479 

 352 

 (1,036 

 ) 

 — 

 146 

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (22 

 ) 

 — 

 (22 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 

 559 

 874 

 551 

 (1,682 

 ) 

 — 

 302 

 Investment in equity method investees 

 1 

 414 

 141 

 2 

 — 

 558 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,158 

 1,615 

 1,350 

 22 

 — 

 4,145 

 Total assets (billions) 

 12.1 

 21.2 

 11.2 

 12.6 

 (10.3 

 ) 

 46.8 

 2011 

 Total revenue from external customers 

 $ 

 3,663 

 $ 

 7,080 

 $ 

 2,044 

 $ 

 55 

 $ 

 1,303 

 $ 

 14,145 

 Intersegment revenue 

 173 

 355 

 1,077 

 596 

 (2,201 

 ) 

 — 

 Total operating revenue 

 3,836 

 7,435 

 3,121 

 651 

 (898 

 ) 

 14,145 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 374 

 457 

 207 

 28 

 — 

 1,066 

 Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

 — 

 3 

 23 

 9 

 — 

 35 

 Interest income 

 22 

 54 

 27 

 70 

 (106 

 ) 

 67 

 Interest and related charges 

 185 

 217 

 57 

 514 

 (106 

 ) 

 867 

 Income taxes 

 318 

 583 

 323 

 (470 

 ) 

 — 

 754 

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (25 

 ) 

 — 

 (25 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 

 501 

 968 

 521 

 (582 

 ) 

 — 

 1,408 

 Investment in equity method investees 

 8 

 415 

 104 

 26 

 — 

 553 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,091 

 1,593 

 907 

 61 

 — 

 3,652 

 Total assets (billions) 

 11.5 

 22.1 

 10.6 

 11.4 

 (10.0 

 ) 

 45.6 

 2010 

 Total revenue from external customers 

 $ 

 3,613 

 $ 

 7,735 

 $ 

 2,335 

 $ 

 19 

 $ 

 1,225 

 $ 

 14,927 

 Intersegment revenue 

 207 

 413 

 1,166 

 750 

 (2,536 

 ) 

 — 

 Total operating revenue 

 3,820 

 8,148 

 3,501 

 769 

 (1,311 

 ) 

 14,927 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

 353 

 443 

 210 

 29 

 — 

 1,035 

 Equity in earnings of equity method investees 

 — 

 11 

 21 

 10 

 — 

 42 

 Interest income 

 12 

 45 

 12 

 92 

 (90 

 ) 

 71 

 Interest and related charges 

 158 

 179 

 85 

 494 

 (90 

 ) 

 826 

 Income taxes 

 277 

 756 

 302 

 777 

 — 

 2,112 

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (258 

 ) 

 — 

 (258 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 448 

 1,263 

 475 

 622 

 — 

 2,808 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,038 

 1,742 

 613 

 29 

 — 

 3,422 

 (1) 

 Segment information has been recast to reflect Salem Harbor and State Line as discontinued operations, as discussed in Note 3. 

 At December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, none of Dominion’s long-lived assets and no significant percentage of its operating
revenues were associated with international operations. 

 120 

 Table of Contents 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 The majority of Virginia Power’s revenue is provided through tariff rates. Generally, such revenue is allocated for management reporting based on an unbundled rate methodology among Virginia
Power’s DVP and Dominion Generation segments. 
 In 2012, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $51 million
for specific items attributable to its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment. 
 The net expenses for specific
items in 2012 primarily related to the impact of the following: 

 Ÿ 

 An $87 million ($53 million after-tax) charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms, attributable to DVP.

 In 2011, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $268 million for specific items attributable to
its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment. 
 The net expenses for specific items in 2011 primarily related to
the impact of the following: 

 Ÿ 

 A $228 million ($139 million after-tax) charge reflecting plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to the anticipated
retirement of certain coal-fired generating units, attributable to Dominion Generation; 

 Ÿ 

 A $96 million ($59 million after-tax) charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene, primarily attributable to
DVP; and 

 Ÿ 

 A $43 million ($26 million after-tax) charge related to the impairment of SO 2 emissions allowances not expected to be consumed due to CSAPR, attributable to Dominion Generation.

 In 2010, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $153 million for specific items attributable to
its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment. 
 The net expenses for specific items in 2010 primarily related to
the impact of the following: 

 Ÿ 

 A $202 million ($123 million after-tax) charge primarily reflecting severance pay and other benefits related to a workforce reduction program,
attributable to: 

 Ÿ 

 DVP ($63 million after-tax); and 

 Ÿ 

 Dominion Generation ($60 million after-tax).

 The following table
presents segment information pertaining to Virginia Power’s operations: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 DVP 

 Dominion
Generation 

 Corporate and
Other 

 Adjustments &
Eliminations 

 Consolidated
Total 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 1,847 

 $ 

 5,379 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 7,226 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 392 

 390 

 — 

 — 

 782 

 Interest income 

 1 

 7 

 — 

 — 

 8 

 Interest and related charges 

 186 

 199 

 — 

 — 

 385 

 Income taxes 

 277 

 403 

 (27 

 ) 

 — 

 653 

 Net income (loss) 

 448 

 653 

 (51 

 ) 

 — 

 1,050 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,142 

 1,146 

 — 

 — 

 2,288 

 Total assets (billions) 

 11.4 

 14.8 

 — 

 (1.4 

 ) 

 24.8 

 2011 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 1,793 

 $ 

 5,546 

 $ 

 (93 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 7,246 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 368 

 350 

 — 

 — 

 718 

 Interest income 

 10 

 8 

 — 

 — 

 18 

 Interest and related charges 

 182 

 199 

 (50 

 ) 

 — 

 331 

 Income taxes 

 265 

 447 

 (172 

 ) 

 — 

 540 

 Net income (loss) 

 426 

 664 

 (268 

 ) 

 — 

 822 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,081 

 1,009 

 — 

 — 

 2,090 

 Total assets (billions) 

 10.7 

 14.3 

 — 

 (1.5 

 ) 

 23.5 

 2010 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 1,680 

 $ 

 5,546 

 $ 

 (7 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 7,219 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 344 

 327 

 — 

 — 

 671 

 Interest income 

 11 

 4 

 — 

 — 

 15 

 Interest and related charges 

 158 

 189 

 — 

 — 

 347 

 Income taxes 

 228 

 385 

 (71 

 ) 

 — 

 542 

 Net income (loss) 

 377 

 630 

 (155 

 ) 

 — 

 852 

 Capital expenditures 

 1,035 

 1,199 

 — 

 — 

 2,234 

 121 

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 N OTE 26. Q UARTERLY F INANCIAL AND C OMMON S TOCK 
D ATA ( UNAUDITED ) 

 A summary of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 follows. Amounts reflect all adjustments necessary in the opinion of management for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. Results for interim periods may fluctuate as a result of weather conditions, changes in rates and
other factors. 
 D OMINION 

 First 

 Quarter (2) 

 Second 

 Quarter 

 Third 

 Quarter 

 Fourth 

 Quarter 

 Full Year 

 (millions, except per
share amounts) 

 2012 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 3,462 

 $ 

 3,053 

 $ 

 3,411 

 $ 

 3,167 

 $ 

 13,093 

 Income (loss) from operations 

 913 

 617 

 518 

 (892 

 ) 

 1,156 

 Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests 

 501 

 265 

 215 

 (652 

 ) 

 329 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1) 

 493 

 276 

 214 

 (659 

 ) 

 324 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 

 1 

 (18 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 — 

 (22 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 

 494 

 258 

 209 

 (659 

 ) 

 302 

 Basic EPS: 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1) 

 0.86 

 0.48 

 0.37 

 (1.15 

 ) 

 0.57 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 

 — 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 — 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 

 0.86 

 0.45 

 0.36 

 (1.15 

 ) 

 0.53 

 Diluted EPS: 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1) 

 0.86 

 0.48 

 0.37 

 (1.15 

 ) 

 0.57 

 Loss from discontinued operations (1) 

 — 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 — 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 

 0.86 

 0.45 

 0.36 

 (1.15 

 ) 

 0.53 

 Dividends declared per share 

 0.5275 

 0.5275 

 0.5275 

 0.5275 

 2.11 

 Common stock prices (intraday high-low) 

 $

 53.68 -
48.87 

 $

 54.69 -
49.87 

 $

 55.62 -
52.15 

 $

 53.89 -
48.94 

 $

 55.62 -
48.87 

 First 

 Quarter 

 Second 

 Quarter 

 Third 

 Quarter 

 Fourth 

 Quarter 

 Full Year 

 (millions, except per
share amounts) 

 2011 (2) 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 3,983 

 $ 

 3,288 

 $ 

 3,745 

 $ 

 3,129 

 $ 

 14,145 

 Income from operations 

 993 

 733 

 828 

 340 

 2,894 

 Net income including noncontrolling interests 

 483 

 340 

 396 

 207 

 1,426 

 Income from continuing operations (1) 

 504 

 341 

 388 

 200 

 1,433 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 

 (25 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 4 

 1 

 (25 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 479 

 336 

 392 

 201 

 1,408 

 Basic EPS: 

 Income from continuing operations (1) 

 0.87 

 0.59 

 0.68 

 0.35 

 2.50 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 0.01 

 — 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 0.83 

 0.58 

 0.69 

 0.35 

 2.46 

 Diluted EPS: 

 Income from continuing operations (1) 

 0.86 

 0.59 

 0.68 

 0.35 

 2.49 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 0.01 

 — 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to Dominion 

 0.82 

 0.58 

 0.69 

 0.35 

 2.45 

 Dividends declared per share 

 0.4925 

 0.4925 

 0.4925 

 0.4925 

 1.97 

 Common stock prices (intraday high-low) 

 $

 46.56 -
42.06 

 $

 48.55 -
43.27 

 $

 51.44 -
44.50 

 $

 53.59 -
48.21 

 $

 53.59 -
42.06 

 (1) 

 Amounts attributable to Dominion’s common shareholders. 

 (2) 

 Revenue and income amounts have been recast to reflect Salem Harbor and State Line as discontinued operations, as discussed in Note 3. 

 Dominion’s 2012 results include the impact of the following significant items: 

 Ÿ 

 Fourth quarter results include a $1.0 billion after-tax impairment charge to write down Brayton Point’s and Kincaid’s long-lived assets to
their estimated fair value. 

 Ÿ 

 Third quarter results include a $281 million after-tax net loss, including impairment charges, primarily resulting from management’s decision to
cease operations and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013. 

 Dominion’s 2011 results include the impact
of the following significant item: 

 Ÿ 

 Fourth quarter results include a $139 million after-tax charge reflecting plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to
the anticipated retirement of certain utility coal-fired generating units. 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 Virginia Power’s quarterly results of operations were as follows: 

 First
Quarter 

 Second
Quarter 

 Third
Quarter 

 Fourth
Quarter 

 Year 

 (millions) 

 2012 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 1,754 

 $ 

 1,756 

 $ 

 2,086 

 $ 

 1,630 

 $ 

 7,226 

 Income from operations 

 468 

 361 

 746 

 417 

 1,992 

 Net income 

 243 

 172 

 415 

 220 

 1,050 

 Balance available for common stock 

 239 

 168 

 411 

 216 

 1,034 

 2011 

 Operating revenue 

 $ 

 1,757 

 $ 

 1,757 

 $ 

 2,177 

 $ 

 1,555 

 $ 

 7,246 

 Income from operations 

 511 

 471 

 568 

 55 

 1,605 

 Net income 

 278 

 241 

 297 

 6 

 822 

 Balance available for common stock 

 274 

 237 

 293 

 1 

 805 

 Virginia Power’s 2012 results include the impact of the following significant item:

 Ÿ 

 Second quarter results include a $42 million after-tax charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by late June summer storms.

 Virginia Power’s 2011 results include the impact of the following significant item: 

 Ÿ 

 Fourth quarter results include a $139 million after-tax charge reflecting plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to
the anticipated retirement of certain coal-fired power stations. 

 123 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

 Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 
 D OMINION 

 Senior management, including Dominion’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Dominion’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Dominion’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Dominion’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in Dominion’s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 M ANAGEMENT ’ S A NNUAL R EPORT ON I NTERNAL C ONTROL O VER F INANCIAL 
R EPORTING 
 Management of Dominion Resources, Inc. (Dominion) understands and accepts responsibility for Dominion’s
financial statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Dominion continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal
control, just as Dominion does throughout all aspects of its business. 
 Dominion maintains a system of internal control
designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system
includes written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits.

 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Dominion, composed entirely of independent
directors, meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss auditing, internal control, and financial reporting matters of Dominion and to ensure that each is properly
discharging its responsibilities. Both the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors periodically meet alone with the Audit Committee and have free access to the Committee at any time. 

 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require Dominion’s 2012 Annual Report to contain a
management’s report and a report of the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Dominion tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal
controls. Based on its assessment as of December 31, 2012, Dominion makes the following assertions: 
 Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Dominion. 
 There are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management evaluated Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Dominion maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. 
 Dominion’s independent registered public accounting firm is
engaged to express an opinion on Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report which is included herein. 

 February 27, 2013

 124 

 Table of Contents 

 R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT R EGISTERED 
P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 
 Richmond, Virginia
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion”) as of
December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Dominion’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s
Board of Directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes

in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In our opinion, Dominion maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2012 of Dominion and our report dated February 27, 2013, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 

 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 27, 2013

 125 

 Table of Contents 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 Senior management, including Virginia Power’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Virginia Power’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation process, Virginia Power’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Virginia Power’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 M ANAGEMENT ’ S A NNUAL R EPORT ON I NTERNAL C ONTROL O VER F INANCIAL 
R EPORTING 
 Management of Virginia Electric and Power Company (Virginia Power) understands and accepts responsibility for
Virginia Power’s financial statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Virginia Power continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and
efficiency of internal control, just as it does throughout all aspects of its business. 
 Virginia Power maintains a system of
internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established
procedures. This system includes written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 

 The Board of Directors also serves as Virginia Power’s Audit Committee and meets periodically with the independent registered public
accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss Virginia Power’s auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities.

 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require Virginia
Power’s 2012 Annual Report to contain a management’s report regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Virginia Power tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based
on the assessment as of December 31, 2012, Virginia Power makes the following assertions: 
 Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Virginia Power. 
 There are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 Management evaluated Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting described in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Virginia Power maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report
of Virginia Power’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report is not subject to attestation by Virginia Power’s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to
a permanent exemption under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 February 27, 2013

 126 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Explanatory Note: The following information is furnished in this Form 10-K in lieu of being furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 in a Form 8-K. The date of the events reported below was
 February 28, 2013. 
 On January 31, 2013, Dominion issued its 4th Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Kit reporting unaudited
earnings determined in accordance with GAAP for the 12 months ended December 31, 2012, and a fourth quarter impairment charge related to Brayton Point. On February 28, 2013, Dominion issued a revised 4th Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Kit to
reflect a reduction in reported earnings for the 12 months ended December 31, 2012. The reduction relates to an additional impairment charge associated with Dominion’s merchant power stations being marketed for sale. For more information on the
impairment charge, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference. The revised Earnings Release Kit reflecting the reduction in earnings and supplemental schedules are furnished with this
Form 10-K as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively. 
 Part III 

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 D OMINION 
 The following information for Dominion is incorporated by reference from the
Dominion 2013 Proxy Statement, which will be filed on or around March 19, 2013: 

 Ÿ 

 Information regarding the directors required by this item is found under the heading Election of Directors . 

 Ÿ 

 Information regarding compliance with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, required by this item is found under the
heading Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance . 

 Ÿ 

 Information regarding the Dominion Audit Committee Financial expert(s) required by this item is found under the headings Director Independence 
and Committees and Meeting Attendance . 

 Ÿ 

 Information regarding the Dominion Audit Committee required by this item is found under the headings The Audit Committee Report and
 Committees and Meeting Attendance . 

 Ÿ 

 Information regarding Dominion’s Code of Ethics required by this item is found under the heading Corporate Governance and Board Matters .

 The information concerning the executive officers of Dominion required by this item is included in Part I of
this Form 10-K under the caption Executive Officers of Dominion . Each executive officer of Dominion is elected annually. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Information concerning directors of Virginia Power, each of whom is elected annually, is as follows: 

 Name and Age 

 Principal Occupation and 

 Directorships in Public Corporations
for Last Five Years (1) 

 Year First 

 Elected as 
 Director 

 Thomas F. Farrell II (58) 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Virginia Power from February 2006 to date; Chairman of the Board of Directors of Dominion from
April 2007 to date; President and CEO of Dominion from January 2006 to date. Mr. Farrell has served as a director of Altria Group, Inc. since 2008. 
 Mr. Farrell’s qualifications to serve as a director include his 17 years of industry experience as well as his legal expertise, having served as General Counsel for Dominion and Virginia Power and as a
practicing attorney with a private firm. He is chairman of the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations and a member of the Board of Directors of the Edison Electric Institute through which he actively represents the interests of Dominion, Virginia
Power and the energy sector. Mr. Farrell also has extensive community and public interest involvement and serves or has served on many non-profit and university foundations. 

 1999 

 Mark F. McGettrick (55) 

 Executive Vice President and CFO of Virginia Power and Dominion from June 2009 to date; President and COO-Generation of Virginia Power from
February 2006 to May 2009; Executive Vice President of Dominion from April 2006 to May 2009. 
 Mr. McGettrick’s qualifications to
serve as a director include his more than 30 years of power generation management and industry experience. He currently serves on the George Mason University board of visitors and business council and is on the Board of Directors of the Dominion
Foundation. Mr. McGettrick also has community and public interest involvement and serves or has served on many non-profit foundations and boards. 

 2009 

 Steven A. Rogers (51) 

 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Virginia Power and Dominion from January 2013 to
date; Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Dominion and President and Chief Administrative Officer of DRS from October 2007 to December 2012. 
 Mr. Roger’s qualifications to serve as a director include his 17 years of industry experience, prior work with Deloitte & Touche LLP and his former membership in the FASB’s Financial Accounting
Standards Advisory Committee. Mr. Rogers also has community and public interest involvement and serves or has served on many non-profit foundations and boards. 

 2007 

 (1) 

 Any service listed for Dominion and DRS reflects service at a parent, subsidiary or affiliate. Virginia Power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion. DRS is an
affiliate of Virginia Power and is also a subsidiary of Dominion. 

 127 

 Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers of Virginia Power 
 Information concerning the executive officers of Virginia Power, each of whom is elected annually, is as follows: 

 Name and Age 

 Business Experience Past Five
Years (1) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II (58) 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Virginia Power from February 2006 to date; Chairman of the Board of Directors of Dominion from April 2007 to date; President and CEO of
Dominion from January 2006 to date. 

 Mark F. McGettrick (55) 

 Executive Vice President and CFO of Virginia Power and Dominion from June 2009 to date; President and COO-Generation of Virginia Power from February 2006 to May 2009; Executive Vice
President of Dominion from April 2006 to May 2009. 

 Paul D. Koonce (53) 

 President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer-Energy Infrastructure Group of Dominion from February 2013 to date;
Executive Vice President of Dominion from April 2006 to February 2013. 

 David A. Christian (58) 

 President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer-Dominion Generation Group of Dominion from February 2013 to date; Executive
Vice President of Dominion from May 2011 to February 2013; President and CNO of Virginia Power from October 2007 to May 2009. 

 David A. Heacock (55) 

 President and CNO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; President and COO-DVP of Virginia Power and Senior Vice President of Dominion from June 2008 to May 2009; Senior Vice
President-DVP of Virginia Power from October 2007 to May 2008. 

 Robert M. Blue (45) 

 Senior Vice President-Law, Public Policy and Environment of Virginia Power and Dominion from January 2011 to date; Senior Vice President-Public Policy and Environment of Dominion from
February 2010 to December 2010; Senior Vice President-Public Policy and Corporate Communications of Dominion from May 2008 to January 2010; Vice President-State and Federal Affairs of DRS from September 2006 to May 2008. 

 Ashwini Sawhney (63) 

 Vice President-Accounting of Virginia Power from April 2006 to date; Vice President-Accounting and Controller (CAO) of Dominion from May 2010 to
date; Vice President and Controller (CAO) of Dominion from July 2009 to May 2010; Vice President and Controller of Dominion from April 2007 to June 2009. 

 (1) 

 Any service listed for Dominion and DRS reflects services at a parent, subsidiary or affiliate. 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 To Virginia Power’s knowledge, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its executive officers and directors were satisfied.
 
 Audit Committee Financial Experts 

 Virginia Power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion. As permitted by SEC rules, its Board of Directors serves as Virginia Power’s Audit Committee
and is comprised entirely of executive officers of Virginia Power or Dominion. Virginia Power’s Board of Directors has determined that Thomas F. Farrell II, Mark F. McGettrick and Steven A. Rogers are “audit committee financial
experts” as defined by the SEC. As executive officers of Virginia Power and/or Dominion, Thomas F. Farrell II, Mark F. McGettrick and Steven A. Rogers were not deemed independent. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Virginia Power has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive,
financial and accounting officers, as well as its employees. This Code of Ethics is the same as Dominion adopted and is available on the corporate governance section of Dominion’s website ( www.dom.com ). You may also request a copy of the
Code of Ethics, free of charge, by writing or telephoning to: Corporate Secretary, 120 Tredegar Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219, Telephone (804) 819-2000. Any waivers or changes to Virginia Power’s Code of Ethics will be posted on the
Dominion website. 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 D OMINION 
 The following information
about Dominion is contained in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference: the information regarding executive compensation contained under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation; 
the information regarding Compensation Committee interlocks contained under the heading Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation; the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee Report ; and the
information regarding director compensation contained under the heading Non-Employee Director Compensation. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 C OMPENSATION C OMMITTEE R EPORT 
 In preparation
for the filing of Virginia Power’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Dominion’s CGN Committee reviewed and discussed the following CD&A with management and has recommended to the Board of Directors of Virginia Power that the CD&A be
included in Virginia Power’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 Robert S. Jepson, Jr., Chairman
 
 William P. Barr 
 John W. Harris
 
 Mark J. Kington 
 David A. Wollard

 128 

 Table of Contents 

 I NTRODUCTION 
 Virginia Power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion. Virginia Power’s Board is comprised of Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick and Rogers. As executive officers of Virginia Power and/or Dominion,
Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick and Rogers were not independent. Because Virginia Power’s Board is not independent, there is not a separate compensation committee at the Virginia Power level. Instead, Virginia Power’s Board depends on the
advice and recommendations of Dominion’s CGN Committee which is comprised of independent directors. Virginia Power’s Board approves all compensation paid to Virginia Power’s executive officers based on Dominion’s CGN Committee
recommendations. 
 None of Virginia Power’s directors receive any compensation for services they provide as directors of
Virginia Power. No executive officer of Dominion or Virginia Power serves as a member of another compensation committee or on the Board of Directors of any company of which a member of Dominion’s CGN Committee, Dominion’s Board of
Directors or Virginia Power’s Board of Directors serves as an executive officer. 
 Because the CGN Committee effectively
administers one compensation program for all of Dominion, the following discussion and analysis is based on Dominion’s overall compensation program. 
 C OMPENSATION D ISCUSSION AND A NALYSIS 
 This CD&A provides a detailed explanation of the objectives and principles that underlie Dominion’s executive compensation program, its elements and the way performance is measured, evaluated and
rewarded. It also describes Dominion’s compensation decision-making process. Dominion’s executive compensation program is designed to pay for performance and plays an important role in Dominion’s success by linking a significant
amount of compensation to the achievement of performance goals. 
 The program and processes generally apply to all of
Dominion’s officers, but this discussion and analysis focuses primarily on compensation for the NEOs of Virginia Power. During 2012, Virginia Power’s NEOs were: 

 Ÿ 

 Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman and CEO 

 Ÿ 

 Mark F. McGettrick, Executive Vice President and CFO 

 Ÿ 

 Paul D. Koonce, President and COO—DVP 

 Ÿ 

 David A. Christian, President and COO—Generation 

 Ÿ 

 David A. Heacock , President and CNO 

 The CGN Committee determines the compensation payable to officers of Dominion and its wholly-owned subsidiaries on an aggregate basis, taking into account all services performed by the officers, whether
for Dominion or one or more of its subsidiaries. All of Virginia Power’s NEOs, except for Mr. Heacock, are NEOs of Dominion. For the NEOs included in Dominion’s annual proxy statement, these aggregate amounts are reported in the
Summary Compensation Table and related executive compensation tables. For purposes of reporting each NEO’s compensation from Virginia Power in the Summary Compensation Table (and related tables that follow) in this Item 11, the aggregate
compensation for each NEO is pro-rated based on the ratio of services performed by the NEO for Virginia Power to the NEO’s

total services performed for all of Dominion. For officers who are NEOs of both Virginia Power and Dominion, the amounts reported in the tables below are part of, and not in addition to the
aggregate compensation amounts that are reported for these NEOs in Dominion’s 2013 Proxy Statement. The CD&A below discusses the CGN Committee’s decisions with respect to each NEO’s aggregate compensation for all services
performed for all of Dominion, not just the pro-rated portion attributable to the NEO’s services for Virginia Power. 

 O BJECTIVES OF D OMINION ’ S E XECUTIVE C OMPENSATION 
P ROGRAM AND THE C OMPENSATION D ECISION -M AKING P ROCESS 
 Objectives 
 Dominion’s executive compensation philosophy is to provide a competitive total
compensation program tied to performance and aligned with the interests of Dominion shareholders, employees and customers. 
 The
major objectives of Dominion’s compensation program are to: 

 Ÿ 

 Attract, develop and retain an experienced and highly qualified management team; 

 Ÿ 

 Motivate and reward superior performance that supports Dominion’s business and strategic plans and contributes to the long-term success of the
company; 

 Ÿ 

 Align the interests of management with those of Dominion’s shareholders and customers by placing a substantial portion of pay at risk through
performance goals that, if achieved, are expected to increase TSR and enhance customer service; 

 Ÿ 

 Promote internal pay equity; and 

 Ÿ 

 Reinforce Dominion’s four core values of safety, ethics, excellence and One Dominion—Dominion’s term for teamwork.

 These objectives provide the framework for the compensation decisions. To determine if Dominion is meeting
the objectives of its compensation program, the CGN Committee reviews and compares Dominion’s actual performance to its short-term and long-term goals, strategies, and peer companies’ performance. 

 Dominion’s 2012 performance indicates that the design of Dominion’s compensation program is meeting these objectives. The NEOs
have service with Dominion ranging from 14 to 36 years. Dominion has attracted, motivated and maintained a superior leadership team with skills, industry knowledge and institutional experience that strengthen their ability to act as sound stewards
of Dominion’s shareholder dollars. Dominion is performing well relative to internal goals and as compared to its peers. 

 In 2012, Dominion shareholders voted on the executive compensation program (also known as “Say on Pay”) and approved it on an
advisory basis by almost 95%, which followed approval of 94% in the prior year. The CGN Committee considered the very strong shareholder endorsement of the CGN Committee’s decisions and policies and Dominion’s overall executive
compensation program in continuing the pay-for-performance program that is currently in place without any specific changes for 2013 based on the vote. Unless Dominion’s

 129 

 Table of Contents 

Board of Directors modifies its policy on the frequency of future Say-on-Pay advisory votes, shareholders will have an opportunity annually to cast an advisory vote in connection with executive
compensation. Dominion will ask shareholders, on an advisory basis, to vote on the frequency of the Say-on-Pay vote at least once every six years, with the next advisory vote on frequency to be held no later than Dominion’s 2017 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders. 
 The Process for Setting Compensation 
 The CGN Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving NEO compensation and the overall executive compensation program. Each year, the CGN Committee reviews and considers a comprehensive assessment
and analysis of the executive compensation program, including the elements of each NEO’s compensation, with input from management and the independent compensation consultant. As part of its assessment, the CGN Committee reviews the performance
of the CEO and other executive officers, meets at least annually with the CEO to discuss succession planning for his position and the positions of Dominion’s senior officers, reviews the share ownership guidelines and executive officer
compliance with the guidelines, and establishes compensation programs designed to achieve Dominion’s objectives. 
 T HE 
R OLE OF THE I NDEPENDENT C OMPENSATION C ONSULTANT 

 The CGN Committee has retained an independent compensation consultant, PM&P, to advise the committee on executive and director compensation matters.
The PM&P consultant participates in meetings with the CGN Committee, either in person or by teleconference, and communicates directly with the chairman of the committee outside of the committee meetings as requested by the chairman of the
committee. PM&P also reviewed meeting materials as requested for the CGN Committee and provided the following services related to the 2012 executive compensation program: 

 Ÿ 

 Participated in CGN Committee executive sessions without management present to discuss CEO compensation and any other relevant matters, including the
appropriate relationship between pay and performance and emerging trends, to answer technical questions, and to review and comment on management proposals; and 

 Ÿ 

 Generally reviewed and offered advice as requested by or on behalf of the CGN Committee regarding other aspects of the executive compensation program,
including best practices and other matters. 

 PM&P received compensation from Dominion for consulting
services related only to executive and director compensation, except for $3,300 related to Dominion’s participation in one natural gas transmission compensation survey which was administered by PM&P. PM&P did not provide any
additional services to Dominion. 
 The CGN Committee has reviewed and considered information provided to the CGN Committee by
its PM&P consultant, the CGN Committee members and Dominion’s executive officers, and based on its review and such factors as it deemed relevant, the CGN Committee has concluded that the advice it receives from PM&P is objective and
that PM&P’s work did not raise any conflict of interest.

 M ANAGEMENT ’ S R OLE IN 
D OMINION ’ S P ROCESS 
 Although the CGN Committee has the responsibility to approve and
monitor all compensation for the NEOs, management plays an important role in determining executive compensation. Under the direction of the Corporate Secretary, internal compensation specialists provide the CGN Committee with data, analysis and
counsel regarding the executive compensation program, including an ongoing assessment of the effectiveness of the program, peer practices, and executive compensation trends and best practices. The CEO, CFO and Corporate Secretary, along with the
internal compensation and financial specialists, assist in the design of the incentive compensation plans, including performance target recommendations consistent with the strategic goals of the company, and recommendations for establishing the peer
group. Management also works with the Chairman of the CGN Committee to establish the agenda and prepare meeting information for each CGN Committee meeting. 
 As discussed previously, the CEO is responsible for reviewing senior officer succession plans with the CGN Committee on an annual basis. He is also responsible for reviewing the performance of his senior
officers, including the other NEOs, with the CGN Committee at least annually. He makes recommendations on the compensation and benefits for the NEOs (other than himself) to the CGN Committee and provides other information and counsel as appropriate
or as requested by the CGN Committee, but all decisions are ultimately made by the CGN Committee. 
 T HE 
C OMPENSATION P EER G ROUP 
 The CGN Committee uses two peer groups for executive compensation.
The Compensation Peer Group is used to assess the competitiveness of the compensation of the NEOs. Starting with the 2012 Performance Grant, a separate Performance Grant Peer Group is used to evaluate the relative performance of Dominion for
purposes of the LTIP. (See 2012 Performance Grant s for additional information.) In the fall of each year, the CGN Committee approves a Compensation Peer Group of companies. In selecting the Compensation Peer Group, Dominion uses a methodology
generally recommended by PM&P to identify companies in the industry that compete for customers, executive talent and investment capital. Dominion screens this group based on size and usually eliminates companies that are much smaller or larger
than Dominion’s size in revenues, assets and market capitalization. Dominion also considers the geographic locations and the regulatory environment in which potential peer companies operate. 

 Dominion’s Compensation Peer Group is generally consistent from year to year, with merger and acquisition activity being the primary
reason for any changes. No changes were made to the peer group used for setting compensation for 2012. The members of Dominion’s Compensation Peer Group are as follows: 

 Ameren Corporation 

 FirstEnergy Corp. 

 American Electric Power Company, Inc. 

 CMS Energy Corporation 
 DTE Energy Company 
 Duke Energy Corporation 

 NextEra Energy, Inc. 

 NiSource, Inc. 
 PPL Corporation 

 Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. 

 Entergy Corporation 

 Exelon Corporation 

 The Southern Company 
 Xcel Energy
Inc. 

 130 

 Table of Contents 

 The CGN Committee and management use data from the Compensation Peer Group prepared by
management to: (i) compare Dominion’s stock and financial performance against its peers using a number of different metrics and time periods to evaluate how Dominion is performing as compared to its peers; (ii) analyze compensation
practices within the industry; (iii) evaluate peer company practices and determine peer median and 75th percentile ranges for base pay, annual incentive pay, long-term incentive pay and total direct compensation, both generally and for specific
positions; and (iv) compare benefits and perquisites. In setting the levels for base pay, annual incentive pay, long-term incentive pay and total direct compensation, the CGN Committee also takes into consideration Dominion’s larger size
compared with the median of the Compensation Peer Group. 
 S URVEY D ATA 

 Dominion did not benchmark or otherwise use broad-based market data as the basis for compensation decisions for the NEOs. Survey compensation data is used
only to provide a general understanding of compensation practices and trends. The CGN Committee takes into account individual and company specific factors, including internal pay equity, along with data from the Compensation Peer Group in
establishing compensation opportunities. The CGN Committee believes that this emphasis better reflects Dominion’s specific needs in its distinct competitive market and with respect to its size and complexity versus its peers. 

 C OMPENSATION D ESIGN AND R ISK 
 Dominion’s management, including Dominion’s chief risk officer and other executives, annually reviews the overall structure of Dominion’s executive compensation program and policies to
ensure they are consistent with effective management of enterprise key risks and that they do not encourage executives to take unnecessary or excessive risks that could threaten the value of the enterprise. With respect to the programs and policies
that apply to the NEOs, this review includes: 

 Ÿ 

 Analysis of how different elements of the compensation programs may increase or mitigate risk-taking; 

 Ÿ 

 Analysis of performance metrics used for short-term and long-term incentive programs and the relation of such incentives to the objectives of Dominion;

 Ÿ 

 Analysis of whether the performance measurement periods for short-term and long-term incentive compensation are appropriate; and

 Ÿ 

 Analysis of the overall structure of compensation programs as related to business risks.

 Among the factors considered in management’s assessment are: the balance of the
overall program design, including the mix of cash and equity compensation; the mix of fixed and variable compensation; the balance of short-term and long-term objectives of incentive compensation; the performance metrics, performance targets,
threshold performance requirements and capped payouts related to incentive compensation; the clawback provision on incentive compensation; Dominion’s share ownership guidelines, including share ownership levels and retention practices;
prohibitions on hedging, pledging, and other derivative transactions related to Dominion stock; and internal controls and oversight structures in place at Dominion. 
 Management reviewed and provided the results of this assessment to the CGN Committee. Based on this review, the CGN Committee believes that Dominion’s well-balanced mix of salary and short-term and
long-term incentives, as well as the performance metrics that are included in the incentive programs, are appropriate and consistent with Dominion’s risk management practices and overall strategies. 

 O THER T OOLS 

 The CGN Committee uses a number of tools in its annual review of the compensation of Dominion’s CEO and other NEOs, including charts illustrating the
total range of payouts for each performance-based compensation element under a number of different scenarios; spreadsheets showing the cumulative dollar impact on total direct compensation that could result from implementing proposals on any single
element of compensation; graphs showing the relationship between the CEO’s pay and that of the next highest-paid officer and Dominion’s NEOs as a group; and other information the CGN Committee may request in its discretion.
Management’s internal compensation specialists provide the CGN Committee with detailed comparisons of the design and features of Dominion’s long-term incentive and other executive benefit programs with available information regarding
similar programs at the companies in the Compensation Peer Group. These tools are used as part of the overall process to ensure that the program results in appropriate pay relationships as compared to Dominion’s peer companies and internally
among Dominion’s NEOs, and that an appropriate balance of at-risk, performance-based compensation is maintained to support the program’s core objectives. No material adjustments were made to Dominion’s NEO’s compensation as a
result of using these tools. 

 131 

 Table of Contents 

 E LEMENTS OF D OMINION ’ S 
C OMPENSATION P ROGRAM 
 The executive compensation program consists of four basic elements: 

 Pay Element 

 Primary Objectives 

 Key Features & Behavioral Focus 

 Base Salary 

 Ÿ Provide competitive level of fixed cash
compensation for performing day-to-day responsibilities 

 Ÿ
 Attract and retain talent 

 Ÿ Generally targeted at or slightly above
peer median, with individual and company-wide considerations 

 Ÿ
 Rewards individual performance and level of experience 

 Annual Incentive Plan 

 Ÿ Provide competitive level of at-risk
cash compensation for achievement of short-term financial and operational goals 
 Ÿ 
 Align short-term compensation with annual budget,
earnings goals, business plans and core values 

 Ÿ Cash payments based on achievement of
annual financial and individual operating and stewardship goals 

 Ÿ
 Rewards achievement of annual financial goals for Dominion as well as business unit and individual
goals selected to support longer-term strategies 

 Long-Term Incentive Program 

 Ÿ Provide competitive level of at-risk
compensation for achievement of long-term performance goals 

 Ÿ
 Create long-term shareholder value 

 Ÿ
 Retain talent and support the succession planning process 

 Ÿ A combination of performance-based cash
and restricted stock awards 
 Ÿ Encourages and rewards officers for
making decisions and investments that create long-term shareholder value as reflected in superior relative total shareholder returns, as well as achieving desired ROIC 

 Employee and Executive Benefits 

 Ÿ Provide competitive retirement and
other benefit programs that attract and retain highly qualified individuals 
 Ÿ 
 Provide competitive terms to encourage officers to remain with Dominion during any potential change in control to ensure an orderly transition of management 

 Ÿ Includes company-wide benefit programs,
executive retirement plans, limited perquisites, and change in control and other agreements, supplemented with non-compete provisions in the non-qualified retirement plans 

 Ÿ
 Encourages officers to remain with Dominion long-term and to act in the best interests of
shareholders, even during any potential change in control 

 Factors in Setting Compensation 
 As part of the process of setting compensation targets, approving payouts and designing future programs, the CGN Committee evaluates Dominion’s overall performance versus its business plans and
strategies, its short-term and long-term goals and the performance of its peer companies. In addition to considering Dominion’s overall performance for the year, the CGN Committee takes into consideration several individual factors that are not
given any specific weighting in setting each element of compensation for each NEO, including: 

 Ÿ 

 An officer’s experience and job performance; 

 Ÿ 

 The scope, complexity and significance of responsibility for a position, including any differences from peer company positions;

 Ÿ 

 Internal pay equity considerations, such as the relative importance of a particular position or individual officer to Dominion’s strategy and
success, and comparability to other officer positions at Dominion; 

 Ÿ 

 Retention and market competitive concerns; and 

 Ÿ 

 The officer’s role in any succession plan for other key positions. 

 The CGN Committee evaluates each NEO’s base salary, total cash and total direct compensation opportunities against data from the
Compensation Peer Group to ensure the compensation levels are appropriately competitive, but does not target these compensation levels at a particular percentile or range of the peer group data. For Mr. Heacock, the same evaluation process is
performed using the Towers Watson Energy Services data instead of peer group data. See Exhibit 99.3 for a listing of the companies included in the survey. As part of this analysis, the CGN Committee also takes into account Dominion’s larger
size and complexity compared to the companies in the Compensation Peer Group.

 In setting compensation for 2012, Dominion provided a modest increase in base salary for
all officers, including all NEOs, and made adjustments to performance-based compensation target levels for certain officers. Based on the review of data from the Compensation Peer Group, each NEO’s job performance, recent promotions and
internal pay equity considerations such as scope and complexity of the position relative to other positions at Dominion, the CGN Committee determined it was appropriate to increase the target levels under the 2012 AIP for Mr. Christian as
described below in Annual Incentive Plan and the LTIP for Messrs. McGettrick, Christian and Koonce as described below in Long-Term Incentive Program . 
 CEO Compensation Relative to Other NEOs 
 Mr. Farrell participates in the same compensation
programs and receives compensation based on the same philosophy and factors as other NEOs. Application of the same philosophy and factors to Mr. Farrell’s position results in overall CEO compensation that is significantly higher than the
compensation of the other NEOs. His compensation is commensurate with his greater responsibilities and decision-making authority, broader scope of duties encompassing the entirety of Dominion (as compared to the other NEOs who are responsible for
significant but distinct areas within Dominion) and his overall responsibility for corporate strategy. His compensation also reflects his role as the principal corporate representative to investors, customers, regulators, analysts, legislators,
industry and the media. 
 Dominion considers CEO compensation trends as compared to the next highest-paid officer, as well as
to other executive officers as a group, over a multi-year period to monitor the ratio of Mr. Farrell’s pay relative to the pay of other executive officers based on (i) salary only and (ii) total direct compensation. Dominion also
compares its ratios to that of its peers to confirm 

 132 

 Table of Contents 

that its ratios are consistent with practices at the peer companies. There is no particular targeted ratio or goal, but instead the CGN Committee considers year-to-year trends and comparisons
with peer companies. The CGN Committee did not make any adjustments to the compensation of any NEOs based on this review in 2012. 
 Allocation of Total
Direct Compensation in 2012 
 Consistent with Dominion’s objective to reward strong performance based on the achievement of short-term
and long-term goals, a significant portion of total cash and total direct compensation is at risk. Total direct compensation is the sum of base salary, targeted AIP compensation and targeted long-term incentive compensation. Approximately 87% of
Mr. Farrell’s targeted 2012 total direct compensation is performance-based, tied to pre-approved performance metrics, including relative TSR and ROIC, or tied to the performance of Dominion’s stock. For the other NEOs,
performance-based and stock-based compensation ranges from 65% to 80% of targeted 2012 total direct compensation. This compares to an average of approximately 52% of targeted compensation at risk for most officers at the vice president level and an
average of approximately 12% of total pay at risk for non-officer employees. 
 The charts below illustrate the elements of total
direct compensation opportunities in 2012 for Mr. Farrell and the average of the other NEOs as a group and the allocation of such compensation among base salary, targeted 2012 AIP award and targeted 2012 long-term incentive compensation.

 Base Salary 

 Base salary compensates officers, along with the rest of the workforce, for committing significant time to working on Dominion’s

behalf. Annual salary reviews achieve two primary purposes: (i) an annual adjustment, as appropriate, to keep salaries in line and competitive with the Compensation Peer Group and to reflect
changes in responsibility, including promotions; and (ii) a motivational tool to acknowledge and reward excellent individual performance, special skills, experience, the strategic impact of a position relative to other Dominion executives and
other relevant considerations. 
 The primary goal is to compensate officers at a level that best achieves Dominion’s
objectives and reflects the considerations discussed above. Dominion believes that an overall goal of targeting base salary at or slightly above the Compensation Peer Group median is a conservative but appropriate target for base pay. However, an
individual’s compensation may be below or above Dominion’s target range based on a number of factors such as performance, tenure, and other factors explained above in Factors in Setting Compensation . In addition to being ranked
above or at the Compensation Peer Group median in 2012 in terms of revenues, assets and market capitalization, the scope of Dominion’s business operations is complex and unique in its industry. Successfully managing such a broad and complex
business requires a skilled and experienced management team. Dominion believes it would not be able to successfully recruit and retain such a team if the base pay for officers was generally below the Compensation Peer Group median. For 2012, the CGN
Committee approved a 7.5% base salary increase for Messrs. Farrell and Christian, a 3% base salary increase for Messrs. McGettrick and Koonce and a 4% base salary increase for Mr. Heacock. In determining the base salary increase for
Mr. Farrell, the CGN Committee considered Dominion’s strong performance in 2011 as well as Mr. Farrell’s individual performance, the complexity of Dominion and the energy industry itself and Mr. Farrell’s leadership in
the industry and other factors. For Mr. Christian, the CGN Committee took into consideration that Mr. Christian’s base salary was slightly below the Compensation Peer Group median, the increased competitiveness for nuclear industry
expertise and the size of the Dominion Generation business unit, which is the largest of Dominion’s three business units, relative to Dominion’s other business units and other factors. Effective January 1, 2013, the CGN Committee
increased Mr. Koonce’s base salary 10% to recognize his increased responsibility as CEO of the Energy Infrastructure Group with the CEO of the Dominion Energy business unit reporting to him. 

 Annual Incentive Plan 
 O VERVIEW 
 
 The AIP plays an important role in meeting Dominion’s overall objective of rewarding strong performance. The AIP is a cash-based
program focused on short-term goal accomplishments and is designed to: 

 Ÿ 

 Tie interests of shareholders, customers and employees closely together; 

 Ÿ 

 Focus the workforce on company, operating group, team and individual goals that ultimately influence operational and financial results;

 Ÿ 

 Reward corporate and operating unit earnings performance; 

 Ÿ 

 Reward safety and other operating and stewardship goal successes;

 133 

 Table of Contents 

 Ÿ 

 Emphasize teamwork by focusing on common goals; 

 Ÿ 

 Appropriately balance risk and reward; and 

 Ÿ 

 Provide a competitive total compensation opportunity. 

 T ARGET A WARDS 
 An NEO’s compensation opportunity under
the AIP is based on a target award. Target awards are determined as a percentage of a participant’s base salary (for example, 85% of base salary). The target award is the amount of cash that will be paid if the plan is funded at the full
funding target set for the year and a participant achieves a score of 100% for the payout goals. Participants who retire during the plan year are eligible to receive a prorated payment of their AIP award after the end of the plan year based on final
funding and goal achievement. Participants who voluntarily terminate employment during the plan year and who are not eligible to retire (before attainment of age 55) forfeit their AIP award. 

 AIP target award levels are established based on a number of factors, including historical practice, individual and company performance
and internal pay equity considerations, and are compared against Compensation Peer Group data to ensure the appropriate competitiveness of an NEO’s total cash compensation opportunity. However, as discussed above, AIP target award levels were
not targeted at a specific percentile or range of the peer group data, nor was market survey data used in setting AIP target award levels for 2012. Annual incentive target award levels are also consistent with Dominion’s intent to have a
significant portion of NEO compensation at risk. For 2012, Mr. Christian’s AIP target award percentage was increased from 85% to 90% of base salary to reflect the continued transition of his compensation to a business unit CEO level. There
were no changes to the AIP targets as a percentage of salary for Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick, Koonce and Heacock for 2012. 

 Name 

 2011 AIP
Target Award* 

 2012 AIP
Target Award* 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 125% 

 125% 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 100% 

 100% 

 David A. Christian 

 85% 

 90% 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 90% 

 90% 

 David A. Heacock 

 70% 

 70% 

 * As a % of base salary 
 F UNDING OF THE 2012 AIP 
 Funding of the 2012
AIP was based solely on consolidated operating earnings per share, with potential funding ranging from 0% to 200% of the target funding. Consolidated operating earnings are Dominion’s reported earnings determined in accordance with GAAP,
adjusted for certain items. Dominion believes that by placing a focus on pre-established consolidated operating earnings per share targets, it increases employee awareness of the company’s financial objectives and encourages behavior and
performance that will help achieve these objectives. 
 For the 2012 AIP, the CGN Committee established a full funding target at
100% for the NEOs at $3.05 operating earnings per share, inclusive of funding for all plan participants. The maximum funding target of 200% was set at $3.15 operating earnings per share, and no funding if operating earnings were less than $3.05 per
share (threshold), with the Committee retaining negative discretion to determine the final funding level. 
 Full funding means
that the AIP is 100% funded and participants can receive their full targeted AIP payout if they achieve a score of 100% for their particular goal package, as described below in How AIP Payouts Are Determined . At the maximum

plan funding level of 200%, participants can earn up to two times their targeted AIP payout, subject to achievement of their individual goal packages. 

 Dominion’s consolidated operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2012 were $1.75 billion or $3.05 per share, as
compared to its consolidated reported earnings in accordance with GAAP of $302 million or $0.53 per share, with enough earnings above $3.05 (before AIP funding) to support 60% funding for the 2012 AIP.* 

 *Reconciliation of 2012 Consolidated Operating Earnings to Reported Earnings. The following items, which are net of tax, are included in
Dominion’s 2012 reported earnings, but are excluded from consolidated operating earnings: $1.1 billion net loss, including an impairment charge, associated with certain fossil fuel-fired merchant power stations that Dominion decided to market
for sale in the third quarter of 2012; $303 million net loss, including impairment charges, primarily resulting from the planned shutdown of the Kewaunee nuclear merchant power station; $53 million of restoration costs associated with severe storms
affecting the Dominion Virginia Power and Dominion North Carolina Power service territories; $22 million net loss from discontinued operations of two merchant power stations (State Line and Salem Harbor) that were sold in 2012; and $5 million net
benefit related to other items. 
 H OW AIP P AYOUTS A RE D ETERMINED 
 
 For Dominion’s NEOs, payout of funded AIP awards is contingent solely on the achievement of the consolidated operating financial goal
with the CGN Committee retaining negative discretion to lower the payout as it deems appropriate, taking into consideration the accomplishment of the consolidated financial, business unit financial and operating and stewardship goals, including a
safety goal. The percentage allocated to each category of goals represents the percentage of the funded award subject to the performance of that goal. Officer goals are weighted according to their responsibilities. The overall score cannot exceed
100%. 
 Business unit financial goals provide a line-of-sight performance target for officers within a business unit and, on a
combined basis, support the consolidated operating earnings target for Dominion. Operating and stewardship goals provide line-of-sight performance targets that may not be financial and that can be customized for each individual or by segments of
each business unit. Operating and stewardship goals promote the core values of safety, ethics, excellence and teamwork, which in turn contribute to Dominion’s financial success. 

 The discretionary payout goals adopted by each NEO are described under 2012 AIP Payouts and the weightings applied to those goals
are shown in the table below. 

 Name 

 Consolidated
Financial Goal 

 Business Unit
Financial Goals 

 Operating/
Stewardship Goals* 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 95% 

 — 

 5% 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 95% 

 — 

 5% 

 David A. Christian 

 65% 

 30% 

 5% 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 65% 

 30% 

 5% 

 David A. Heacock 

 40% 

 30% 

 30% 

 *5% goal weighting is for safety goal. Mr. Heacock had other non-safety operating and stewardship goals as described
below. 

 134 

 Table of Contents 

 2012 AIP P AYOUTS 

 The formula for calculating an award is: 

 The consolidated financial goal was consolidated operating earnings for the year ended
December 31, 2012 of $3.05 per share, which was accomplished as described above. The 2012 business unit financial goals and accomplishment levels for Mr. Koonce (DVP), and Messrs. Christian and Heacock (Dominion Generation) were as
follows: 

 Business Unit 

 Goal
Threshold
(Net Income) 

 Goal
100% Payout
(Net Income) 

 Actual
2012
Net Income 

 2012 

 Approved
Accomplishment 

 (Million/$) 

 DVP 

 $ 

 431 

 $ 

 539 

 $ 

 559 

 100% 

 Dominion Generation 

 803 

 1,004 

 874 

 87 

 Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick each received partial credit for their safety goal as the DRS business unit
had five OSHA recordable incidents which exceeded the target of four or less OSHA recordable incidents with an incidence rate of 0.15 or less. Mr. Christian met his target safety goal of an OSHA incidence rate ranging from 0.16 to 1.31 for
certain operating units and recordable incidents of two or fewer for another operating unit in the Dominion Generation business unit. Mr. Koonce met his target safety goal of an OSHA incidence rate of 1.39 and lost time/restricted duty rate of
0.25 for the DVP business unit. Mr. Heacock met his target safety goal of less than seven fleetwide total OSHA recordable injuries (weighted 6%) and his nuclear safety goal of less than six station clock resets for total nuclear fleet (weighted
8%). In addition to his safety goal, Mr. Heacock had operating and stewardship goals in three other categories: environmental compliance (weighted 5%); radiation exposure (weighted 4%); and fleet capacity factor (weighted 7%), Mr. Heacock met all
three of these goals. 
 The CGN Committee exercised negative discretion to lower the payouts for Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick
due to their missed safety goals and Messrs. Christian and Heacock due to their missed business unit financial goals. Amounts earned under the 2012 AIP by NEOs are shown below and are reflected in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
column of the Summary Compensation Table . 

 Name 

 Base Salary 

 Target
Award* 

 Funding% 

 Total Payout
Score % 

 2012 AIP
Payout 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 $ 

 386,319 

 X 

 125% 

 X 

 60% 

 X 

 99% 

 = 

 $ 

 286,842 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 313,402 

 X 

 100% 

 X 

 60% 

 X 

 99% 

 = 

 186,161 

 David A. Christian 

 327,668 

 X 

 90% 

 X 

 60% 

 X 

 96% 

 = 

 169,863 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 431,709 

 X 

 90% 

 X 

 60% 

 X 

 100% 

 = 

 233,123 

 David A. Heacock 

 207,766 

 X 

 70% 

 X 

 60% 

 X 

 96% 

 = 

 83,771 

 *As a % of base salary. 
 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their
service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 
 Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick’s payout scores were calculated as
follows: 

 Name 

 Consolidated
Financial Goal
Accomplishment 

 Goal
Weighting 

 Operating/
Stewardship Goal
Accomplishment 

 Goal
Weighting 

 Total Payout
Score 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 100% 

 X 

 95% 

 + 

 80% 

 X 

 5% 

 = 

 99 

 % 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 100% 

 X 

 95% 

 + 

 80% 

 X 

 5% 

 = 

 99 

 % 

 Messrs. Christian, Koonce and Heacock’s payout scores were calculated as follows: 

 Name 

 Consolidated
Financial Goal
Accomplishment 

 Goal
Weighting 

 Business Unit
Financial Goal
Accomplishment 

 Goal
Weighting 

 Operating/
Stewardship Goal
Accomplishment 

 Goal
Weighting 

 Total Payout
Score 

 David A. Christian 

 100% 

 X 

 65% 

 + 

 87% 

 X 

 30% 

 + 

 100% 

 X 

 5% 

 = 

 96% 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 100% 

 X 

 65% 

 + 

 100% 

 X 

 30% 

 + 

 100% 

 X 

 5% 

 = 

 100% 

 David A. Heacock 

 100% 

 X 

 40% 

 + 

 87% 

 X 

 30% 

 + 

 100% 

 X 

 30% 

 = 

 96% 

 135 

 Table of Contents 

 Long-Term Incentive Program 
 O VERVIEW 
 Dominion’s LTIP focuses on Dominion’s longer-term
strategic goals and retention of its executives. Since 2006, 50% of Dominion’s long-term incentives have been full value equity awards in the form of restricted stock with time-based vesting and the other 50% have been performance-based awards.
Dominion believes restricted stock serves as a strong retention tool and also creates a focus on Dominion’s stock price to further align the interests of officers with the interests of its shareholders and customers. For those officers who have
made substantial progress toward their share ownership guidelines, the performance-based award is in the form of a cash performance grant. Officers who have not achieved 50% of their targeted share ownership guideline receive goal-based stock
performance grants instead of a cash performance grant. Dividend equivalents are not paid on any performance-based grants. Because officers are expected to retain ownership of shares upon vesting of restricted stock awards, as explained in Share
Ownership Guidelines, the long-term cash performance grant balances the program and allows a portion of the long-term incentive award to be accessible to the NEOs during the course of their employment. As all of the NEOs have satisfied their
full targeted share ownership, all of the NEOs received the performance-based component of their 2012 long-term incentive award in the form of a cash performance grant. 
 The CGN Committee approves long-term incentive awards in January each year with a grant date established in early February. This process ensures incentive-based awards are made at the beginning of the
performance period and shortly after the public disclosure of Dominion’s earnings for the prior year. Like the AIP target award levels discussed above, long-term incentive target award levels were established based on a number of factors,
including historical practice, individual and company performance, and internal pay equity considerations, and are compared against Compensation Peer Group data to ensure the appropriate competitiveness of an NEO’s total direct compensation
opportunity. However, as discussed above, long-term incentive target award levels are not targeted at a specific percentile or range of the Compensation Peer Group data, nor was market survey data a factor in setting long-term incentive target award
levels for 2012. 
 For 2012, the CGN Committee approved increases to the target long-term incentive awards for Messrs.
McGettrick, Christian and Koonce as discussed below. There was no change to the target long-term incentive award for Mr. Farrell or for Mr. Heacock. 
 M C G ETTRICK . Among the factors
considered by the CGN Committee in determining the amount of Mr. McGettrick’s award were Mr. McGettrick’s continued superior performance as CFO and his broad-based experience. The CGN Committee determined it was appropriate to
approve a 6% increase in Mr. McGettrick’s target long-term incentive award, which resulted in a 5% increase in total direct compensation at target. 
 C HRISTIAN . For Mr. Christian’s
target long-term incentive award, the CGN Committee considered, among other factors, Mr. Christian’s performance as CEO of the Dominion Generation business unit and his experience with the company. The CGN Committee also considered the
size of the Dominion Generation business unit, which is the largest of Dominion’s three

business units, relative to Dominion’s other business units in determining his target long-term incentive award, the continued transition of Mr. Christian’s compensation to a
business unit CEO level and the increased industry competitiveness for personnel with nuclear expertise. The CGN Committee determined it was appropriate to approve an 18% increase in Mr. Christian’s target long-term incentive award, which
resulted in a 14% increase in total direct compensation at target. 

 K OONCE . Among the factors considered by the CGN Committee in determining the amount of Mr. Koonce’s award were Mr. Koonce’s performance as CEO of the DVP business unit and his
experience and long tenure with Dominion. The CGN Committee determined it was appropriate to approve a 13% increase in Mr. Koonce’s target long-term incentive award, which resulted in a 9% increase in total direct compensation at target.
 
 Information regarding the fair value of the 2012 restricted stock grants and target cash performance grants for the NEOs is
provided in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. 
 2012 R ESTRICTED S TOCK G RANTS 
 
 All officers received a restricted stock grant on February 1, 2012 based on a stated dollar value. The number of shares awarded was
determined by dividing the stated dollar value by the closing price of Dominion’s common stock on February 1, 2012. The grants have a three-year vesting term, with cliff vesting at the end of the restricted period on February 1, 2015.
Dividends are paid to officers during the restricted period. The grant date fair value and vesting terms of the 2012 restricted stock grant awards made to the NEOs are disclosed in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table and related footnotes.
 
 2012 P ERFORMANCE G RANTS 
 In January 2012, the CGN Committee approved cash performance grants for the NEOs, effective February 1, 2012. The performance period commenced on January 1, 2012 and will end on
December 31, 2013. The 2012 grants are denominated as a target award, with potential payouts ranging from 0-200% of the target based on Dominion’s TSR relative to a Performance Grant Peer Group of companies selected by the CGN Committee
and ROIC, weighted equally. 
 The TSR metric was selected to focus officers on long-term shareholder value when developing and
implementing their strategic plans and in turn, reward management based on the achievement of TSR levels as measured relative to Dominion’s peer companies. The ROIC metric was selected to reward officers for the achievement of expected levels
of return on Dominion’s investments. Dominion believes an ROIC measure encourages management to choose the right investments, and with those investments, to achieve the highest returns possible through prudent decisions, management and control
of costs. The target awards and vesting terms of 2012 performance grants made to the NEOs are disclosed in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table and related footnotes.

 136 

 Table of Contents 

 Performance Grant Peer Group 

 Since performance grants were first awarded in 2006, Dominion’s TSR performance has been measured relative to a Performance Grant
Peer Group that included the same companies included in its peer group for compensation setting purposes. 
 For the 2011
Performance Grant, the peer group used in measuring relative TSR is the same group of companies included in the Compensation Peer Group, excluding Constellation and Progress Energy due to their mergers with Exelon and Duke, respectively (2011
Performance Grant Peer Group). Following its annual review of the design of the LTIP, the CGN Committee approved measuring TSR performance for the 2012 Performance Grant against the TSR of the companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Stock
Exchange Utility Index at the end of the performance period (2012 Performance Grant Peer Group). In selecting the Philadelphia Utility Index, the CGN Committee took into consideration that the companies represented in the Philadelphia Stock Exchange
Utility Index are similar to those companies currently included in Dominion’s Compensation Peer Group and the index itself is a recognized published index whose members are determined externally and independently from Dominion. The CGN
Committee also took into consideration the past and recent mergers within the utility industry and the effects of consolidation on the size of Dominion’s Performance Grant Peer Group. The companies in the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility
Index at the grant date of the 2012 Performance Grant were as follows: 

 The AES Corporation 

 Ameren Corporation 
 American Electric Power Company, Inc. 
 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 

 Consolidated Edison, Inc. 
 Covanta Holding Corporation 
 DTE Energy Company 

 Duke Energy Corporation 
 Edison International 

 El Paso Electric Company 
 Entergy
Corporation 
 Exelon Corporation 
 FirstEnergy
Corp. 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 Northeast Utilities 

 PG&E Corporation 
 Public
Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 
 The Southern Company 

 Xcel Energy Inc. 

 For 2012 Performance Grants, the CGN Committee also approved recalibrating the performance grant payout
scale for the TSR metric so that payout will be capped at 200% at the 85th percentile of the Performance Grant Peer Group rather than at the 100th percentile, which is consistent with the long-term incentive plans of several companies in
Dominion’s Compensation Peer Group. No other changes were made to the payout scale with payout at target (or 100%) remaining at the 50th percentile of the Performance Grant Peer Group, payout at threshold (or 50%) at the 25th percentile and no
payout for relative TSR below the 25th percentile. 
 P AYOUT U NDER 2011 P ERFORMANCE 
G RANTS 
 In February 2013, final payouts were made to officers who received 2011 performance grants, including the NEOs. The
2011 performance grants were based on two goals: TSR for the two-year period ended December 31, 2012 relative to Dominion’s 2011 Performance Peer Group (weighted 50%) and ROIC for the same two-year period (weighted 50%). 

 Ÿ 

 Relative TSR (50% weighting). TSR is the difference between the value of a share of common stock at the beginning and

end of the two-year performance period, plus dividends paid as if reinvested in stock. For this metric, Dominion’s TSR is compared to TSR levels of the companies in the 2011 Performance
Grant Peer Group for the same two-year period. The relative TSR targets and corresponding payout scores for the 2011 performance grant are as follows: 

 Relative TSR Performance 

 Percentage Payout of 

 TSR Percentage* 

 1 st Quartile – 75% to 100% 

 150% – 200% 

 2 nd Quartile – 50% to 74.9% 

 100% – 149.9% 

 3 rd Quartile – 25% to 49.9% 

 50% – 99.9% 

 4 th Quartile –
below 25% 

 0% 

 *TSR 

 weighting is interpolated between the top and bottom of the percentages within a quartile. A minimum payment of 25% of the TSR percentage will be made if the TSR
performance is at least 10% on a compounded annual basis for the performance period, regardless of relative performance. 

 Actual relative TSR performance for the 2011-2012 period was in the second quartile. Dominion’s TSR for the two-year period ended December 31, 2012 was 31.6%, which ranked sixth relative to the
peer group which was comprised of the same companies in the Compensation Peer Group and placed Dominion ahead of nine of the 14 peer companies. 

 Ÿ 

 ROIC (50% weighting). ROIC reflects Dominion’s total return divided by average invested capital for the performance period. The ROIC goal
at target is consistent with the strategic plan/annual business plan as approved by Dominion’s Board. For this purpose, total return is Dominion’s consolidated operating earnings plus its after-tax interest and related charges, plus
preferred dividends. Dominion designed its 2011 ROIC goals to provide 100% payout if it achieved an average ROIC of 7.60% over the two-year performance period. The ROIC performance targets and corresponding payout scores are as follows:

 ROIC Performance 

 Percentage Payout of
ROIC Percentage* 

 7.88% and above 

 200% 

 7.74% – 7.87% 

 150% – 199.9% 

 7.60% – 7.73% 

 100% – 149.9% 

 7.46% – 7.59% 

 50% – 99.9% 

 Below 7. 46% 

 0% 

 *ROIC 

 percentage payout is interpolated between the top and bottom of the percentages for any range. 

 Actual ROIC performance for the 2011-2012 period was 7.40% which produced a payout of 0%. 

 Based on the achievement of the performance criteria, the CGN Committee approved a 64.2% payout for the 2011 performance grants. The
following table summarizes the achievement of the 2011 performance criteria: 

 Measure 

 Goal
Weight% 

 Goal
Achievement% 

 Payout% 

 Relative TSR 

 50% 

 X 

 128.5% 

 = 

 64.2% 

 ROIC 

 50% 

 X 

 0% 

 = 

 0% 

 Combined Overall Performance Score 

 64.2% 

 137 

 Table of Contents 

 The resulting payout amounts for the NEOs for the 2011 performance grants are shown below
and are also reflected in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table . 

 Name 

 2011
Performance
Grant Award 

 Overall
Performance
Score 

 Calculated
Performance
Grant Payout 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 $ 

 1,027,600 

 X 

 64.2% 

 = 

 $ 

 659,719 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 458,300 

 X 

 64.2% 

 = 

 294,229 

 David A. Christian 

 303,525 

 X 

 64.2% 

 = 

 194,863 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 464,231 

 X 

 64.2% 

 = 

 298,036 

 David A. Heacock 

 117,650 

 X 

 64.2% 

 = 

 75,531 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 
 Other Restricted
Stock Grants 
 The CGN Committee may consider other restricted stock grants for selected individuals in order to support key objectives
including succession planning, talent retention and recruitment. These awards are not considered part of the annual program and are only awarded periodically. In December 2012, the CGN Committee approved restricted stock grants for Messrs.
McGettrick, Koonce and Christian of 21,949, 23,715, and 15,505 shares (these NEOs perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. These share amounts reflect only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the
year presented), respectively, to secure their services for the next three years. In making the restricted stock grants, the CGN Committee considered the increasing competitiveness of both the utility industry and general industry in retaining
executive level officers, especially chief financial officers, chief operating officers and nuclear executives, and succession planning. 
 Each restricted stock grant is subject to three-year cliff vesting with all shares vesting on December 20, 2015 (the Vesting Date). The officer will forfeit the restricted stock grant if his
employment with Dominion terminates prior to the Vesting Date for any reason other than a change in control, death or disability. In the event of a change in control, death or disability, the restricted shares are subject to vesting on a pro-rated
basis. Dividends will be paid on the restricted shares, but will be retained and subject to the same vesting terms as the restricted shares. To the extent the officer remains an employee of Dominion or a Dominion Company, net shares of vested
restricted stock under each agreement must be retained for two years following the Vesting Date unless the officer dies or becomes disabled. 
 Employee
and Executive Benefits 
 Benefit plans and limited perquisites compose the fourth element of the compensation program. These
benefits serve as a retention tool and reward long-term employment. 
 R ETIREMENT P LANS 

 Dominion sponsors two types of tax-qualified retirement plans for eligible non-union employees, including the NEOs: a defined benefit pension plan (DPP)
and a defined contribution 401(k)

savings plan. The NEOs, as employees hired before 2008, are eligible for a pension benefit upon attainment of retirement age based on a formula that takes into account final compensation and
years of service. They also receive a cash retirement benefit under which Dominion contributes 2% of each participant’s compensation to a special retirement account, which may be paid in a lump sum or added to the annuity benefit upon
retirement. Dominion began funding the special retirement account for eligible employees in January 2001. The formula for the DPP is explained in the narrative following the Pension Benefits table. The change in DPP value for 2012 for the
NEOs is included in the Summary Compensation Table . 
 Officers whose matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan are
limited by the IRC receive a cash payment to make them whole for the company match lost as a result of these limits. These cash payments are currently taxable. The company matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan and the cash payments of company
matching contributions above IRC limits for the NEOs are included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table and detailed in the footnote for that column. 

 Dominion also maintains two nonqualified retirement plans for its executives, the BRP and the ESRP. Unlike the DPP and 401(k) Plan, these
plans are unfunded, unsecured obligations of Dominion. These plans keep Dominion competitive in attracting and retaining officers. Due to IRC limits on pension plan benefits and because a more substantial portion of total compensation for officers
is paid as incentive compensation than for other employees, the DPP and 401(k) Plan alone will produce a lower percentage of replacement income in retirement for officers than these plans will for other employees. The BRP restores benefits that will
not be paid under the DPP due to the IRC limits. The ESRP provides a benefit that covers a portion (25%) of final base salary and target annual incentive compensation to partially make up for this gap in retirement income. The BRP and ESRP do
not include long-term incentive compensation in benefit calculations and, therefore, a significant portion of the potential compensation for the officers is excluded from calculation in any retirement plan benefit. As consideration for the benefits
earned under the BRP and ESRP, all officers agree to comply with confidentiality and one-year non-competition requirements set forth in the plan documents following their retirement or other termination of employment. The present value of
accumulated benefits under these retirement plans is disclosed in the Pension Benefits table and the terms of the plans are fully explained in the narrative following that table. 

 In individual situations and primarily for mid-career changes or retention purposes, the CGN Committee has granted certain officers
additional years of credited age and service for purposes of calculating benefits under the BRP. Age and service credits granted to the NEOs are described in Dominion Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan under Pension Benefits.
 Additional age and service may also be earned under the terms of an officer’s Employee Continuity Agreement in the event of a change in control, as described in Change in Control under Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control. No additional years of age or service credit were granted to the NEOs during 2012. 

 138 

 Table of Contents 

 O THER B ENEFIT P ROGRAMS 

 Dominion’s officers participate in all of the benefit programs available to other Dominion employees. The core benefit programs generally include
medical, dental and vision benefit plans, a health savings account, health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, group-term life insurance, travel accident coverage, long-term disability coverage and a paid time off program. 

 Dominion also maintains an executive life insurance program for officers to replace a former company-wide retiree life insurance program
that was discontinued in 2003. The plan is fully insured by individual policies that provide death benefits at a fixed amount depending on an officer’s salary tier. This life insurance coverage is in addition to the group-term insurance that is
provided to all employees. The officer is the owner of the policy and Dominion makes premium payments until the later of 10 years from enrollment date or the date the officer attains age 64. Officers are taxed on the premiums paid by Dominion. The
premiums for these policies are included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table . 

 P ERQUISITES 
 Dominion
provides a limited number of perquisites for officers to enable them to perform their duties and responsibilities as efficiently as possible and to minimize distractions. The CGN Committee annually reviews the perquisites to ensure they are an
effective and efficient use of corporate resources. Dominion believes the benefits it receives from offering these perquisites outweigh the costs of providing them. In addition to incidental perquisites associated with maintaining an office,
Dominion offers the following perquisites to all officers: 

 Ÿ 

 An allowance of up to $9,500 a year to be used for health club memberships and wellness programs, comprehensive executive physical exams and financial
and estate planning. Dominion wants officers to be proactive with preventive healthcare and also wants executives to use professional, independent financial and estate planning consultants to ensure proper tax reporting of company-provided
compensation and to help officers optimize their use of Dominion’s retirement and other employee benefit programs. 

 Ÿ 

 A vehicle leased by Dominion, up to an established lease-payment limit (if the lease payment exceeds the allowance, the officer pays for the excess
amount on the vehicle). The costs of insurance, fuel and maintenance for company-leased vehicles are paid by Dominion. 

 Ÿ 

 In limited circumstances, use of company aircraft for personal travel by executive officers. For security and other reasons, the Board of Directors has
directed Mr. Farrell to use the aircraft for all travel, including personal travel, whenever it is feasible to do so. His family and guests may accompany Mr. Farrell on any personal trips. The use of company aircraft for personal travel by
other executive officers is limited and usually related to (i) travel with the CEO or (ii) personal travel to accommodate business demands on an executive’s schedule. With the exception of Mr. Farrell, personal use of aircraft is
not available when there is a company need for the aircraft. Use of company aircraft saves substantial time and allows Dominion to have better access to the executives for business purposes. During 2012, 97% of the use of Dominion’s aircraft
was for business purposes. Other than Mr. Farrell, none

of the NEOs or other executive officers used company aircraft for personal travel in 2012. 

 Other than costs associated with comprehensive executive physical exams (which are exempt from taxation under the IRC), these perquisites are fully taxable to officers. There is no tax gross-up for
imputed income on any perquisites. 
 E MPLOYMENT C ONTINUITY A GREEMENTS 

 Dominion has entered into Employment Continuity Agreements with all officers to ensure continuity in the event of a change in control at Dominion. While
Dominion has determined these agreements are consistent with the practices of its peer companies, the most important reason for these agreements is to protect the company in the event of an anticipated or actual change in control of Dominion. In a
time of transition, it is critical to protect shareholder value by retaining and continuing to motivate the company’s core management team. In a change in control situation, workloads typically increase dramatically, outside competitors are
more likely to attempt to recruit top performers away from the company, and officers and other key employees may consider other opportunities when faced with uncertainties at their own company. Therefore, the Employment Continuity Agreements provide
security and protection to officers in such circumstances for the long-term benefit of Dominion and its shareholders. 
 In
determining the appropriate multiples of compensation and benefits payable upon a change in control, Dominion evaluated peer group and general practices and considered the levels of protection necessary to retain officers in such situations. The
Employment Continuity Agreements are double-trigger agreements that require both a change in control and a qualifying termination of employment to trigger a benefit. The specific terms of the Employment Continuity Agreements are discussed in
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control . 
 In January 2013, the CGN Committee approved the elimination
of the excise tax gross up provision included in the Employment Continuity Agreement for any new officer elected after February 1, 2013. 

 O THER A GREEMENTS 
 Dominion does not have comprehensive employment agreements or severance agreements for its NEOs. Although the CGN Committee believes the compensation and benefit programs described in this CD&A are
appropriate, Dominion, as one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy, is part of a constantly changing and increasingly competitive environment. In recognition of their valuable knowledge and experience and to secure and
retain their services, Dominion has entered into letter agreements with certain of its NEOs to provide certain benefit enhancements or other protections, as described in Dominion Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, Dominion Executive
Supplemental Retirement Plan and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control . No new letter agreements were entered into in 2012.

 139 

 Table of Contents 

 O THER R ELEVANT C OMPENSATION P RACTICES 
 
 Share Ownership Guidelines 

 Dominion requires officers to own and retain significant amounts of Dominion stock during their careers to align their interests with those of
Dominion’s shareholders by promoting a long-term focus through long-term share ownership. The guidelines ensure that management maintains a personal stake in the company through significant equity investment in Dominion. Targeted ownership
levels are the lesser of the following value or number of shares: 

 Position 

 Value/# of Shares 

 Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer 

 8 x salary/145,000 

 Executive Vice President—Dominion 

 5 x salary/35,000 

 Senior Vice President—Dominion & Subsidiaries/President—Dominion Subsidiaries 

 4 x salary/20,000 

 Vice President—Dominion & Subsidiaries 

 3 x salary/10,000 

 The levels of ownership reflect the increasing level of responsibility for that officer’s position.
Shares owned by an officer and his or her immediate family members as well as shares held under Dominion benefit plans contribute to the ownership targets. Restricted stock, goal-based stock and shares underlying stock options do not contribute to
the ownership targets until the shares vest or the options are exercised. Dominion prohibits certain types of transactions related to Dominion stock, including owning derivative securities, hedging transactions, using margin accounts and pledging
shares as collateral. 
 Until an officer meets his or her ownership target, an officer must retain net shares from stock option
exercises and all after-tax shares from vesting restricted stock and goal-based stock awards. Dominion refers to shares held by an officer that are more than 15% above his or her ownership target as Qualifying Excess Shares. Officers may sell, gift
or transfer Qualifying Excess Shares at any time, subject to insider trading rules and other policy provisions as long as the sale, gift or transfer does not cause an executive to fall below his or her ownership target. 

 At least annually, the CGN Committee reviews the share ownership guidelines and monitors compliance by executive officers, both
individually and by the officer group as a whole. As of January 1, 2013, each NEO exceeded his share ownership target as shown below: 

 Shares
Owned and Counted
Toward Target (1) 

 Share
Ownership
Target (2) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 573,972 

 145,000 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 160,559 

 35,000 

 David A. Christian 

 78,642 

 35,000 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 75,278 

 35,000 

 David A. Heacock 

 24,262 

 20,000 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Amounts shown are
actual and not reduced by their Virginia Power allocation factor. 

 (1) 

 Amounts in this column do not include shares of unvested restricted stock which are not counted toward ownership targets 

 (2) 

 Share ownership target is the lesser of salary multiple or number of shares

 Recovery of Incentive Compensation 
 Dominion’s Corporate Governance Guidelines authorize the Board to seek recovery of performance-based compensation paid to officers who are found to be personally responsible for fraud or intentional
misconduct that causes a restatement of financial results filed with the SEC. Beginning in 2009, the CGN Committee approved a broader clawback provision for inclusion in Dominion’s AIP and long-term incentive performance grant documents. This
clawback provision authorizes the CGN Committee, in its discretion and based on facts and circumstances, to recoup AIP and performance grant payouts from any employee whose fraudulent or intentional misconduct (i) directly causes or partially
causes the need for a restatement of a financial statement or (ii) relates to or materially affects Dominion’s operations or the employee’s duties at the company. Dominion reserves the right to recover a payout by seeking repayment
from the employee, by reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the employee under another company benefit plan or compensation program to the extent permitted by applicable law, by withholding future incentive compensation, or any
combination of these actions. The clawback provision is in addition to, and not in lieu of, other actions Dominion may take to remedy or discipline misconduct, including termination of employment or a legal action for breach of fiduciary duty, and
any actions imposed by law enforcement agencies. 
 Tax Deductibility of Compensation 
 IRC Section 162(m) generally disallows a deduction by publicly held corporations for compensation in excess of $1 million paid to the CEO and next three most highly compensated officers other than
the CFO. If certain requirements are met, performance-based compensation qualifies for an exemption from the IRC Section 162(m) deduction limit. Dominion intends to provide competitive executive compensation while maximizing Dominion’s tax
deduction. While the CGN Committee considers IRC Section 162(m) tax implications when designing annual and long-term compensation programs and approving payouts under such programs, it reserves the right to approve, and in some cases has
approved, non-deductible compensation when corporate objectives justify the cost of being unable to deduct such compensation. Dominion’s tax department has advised the CGN Committee that the cost of any such lost tax deductions is not material
to the company. 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 Dominion measures and recognizes compensation expense in accordance with the FASB guidance for share-based payments, which requires that compensation expense relating to share-based payment transactions
be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. The CGN Committee considers the accounting treatment of equity and performance-based compensation when approving awards.

 140 

 Table of Contents 

 Executive Compensation 

 S UMMARY 
C OMPENSATION T ABLE – A N O VERVIEW 

 The Summary Compensation Table provides information in accordance with SEC requirements regarding
compensation earned by the NEOs, stock awards made to the NEOs, as well as amounts accrued or accumulated during years reported with respect to retirement plans and other items. The NEOs include the CEO, the CFO, and the three most highly
compensated executive officers of Virginia Power other than the CEO and CFO. 
 The amounts reported in the Summary
Compensation Table and the other tables below represent the prorated compensation amounts attributable to each NEO’s services performed for Virginia Power. The percentage of each NEO’s overall Dominion services performed for Virginia Power
during 2012 was as follows: Mr. Farrell, 29%; Mr. McGettrick, 46%; Mr. Koonce, 83%; Mr. Christian, 54%; and Mr. Heacock, 47%. 
 The following highlights some of the disclosures contained in this table for the NEOs. Detailed explanations regarding certain types of compensation paid to an NEO are included in the footnotes to the
table. 

 Salary. The amounts in
this column are the base salaries earned by the NEOs for the years indicated. For 2010, this amount also includes a 2% merit lump sum payment to all NEOs. 
 Stock Awards. The amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value of the stock
awards for accounting purposes for the respective year. Stock awards are reported in the year in which the awards are granted regardless of when or if the awards vest or are exercised. 

 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. This column includes amounts earned under two performance-based programs: the AIP and cash-based performance grant awards under Dominion’s LTIP. These performance programs are based on performance
criteria established by the CGN Committee at the beginning of the performance period, with actual performance scored against the pre-set criteria by the CGN Committee at the end of the performance period. 

 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings. This column shows any year-over-year increases in the annual accrual of pension and supplemental retirement benefits for the NEOs. These are accruals for future benefits that may be earned under the
terms of the retirement plans, and are not actual payments made during the year to the NEOs. The amounts disclosed reflect the annual change in the

actuarial present value of benefits under defined benefit plans sponsored by Dominion, which include the tax-qualified DPP and the nonqualified plans described in the narrative following the
 Pension Benefits table. The annual change equals the difference in the accumulated amount for the current fiscal year and the accumulated amount for the prior fiscal year, generally using the same actuarial assumptions used for
Dominion’s audited financial statements for the applicable fiscal year. Accrued benefit calculations are based on assumptions that the NEOs would retire at the earliest age at which they are projected to become eligible for full, unreduced
pension benefits (including the effect of future service for eligibility purposes), instead of their unreduced retirement age based on current years of service. The application of these assumptions results in a greater increase in the accumulated
amount of pension benefits for certain NEOs than would result without the application of these assumptions. This method of calculation does not increase actual benefits payable at retirement but only how much of that benefit is allocated to the
increase during the years presented in the Summary Compensation Table. Please refer to the footnotes to the Pension Benefits table and the narrative following that table for additional information related to actuarial assumptions used to
calculate pension benefits. 
 All Other Compensation. The amounts in this column disclose compensation that is not classified as compensation reportable in another column, including perquisites and benefits with an aggregate value of at least $10,000, the
value of company-paid life insurance premiums, company matching contributions to an NEO’s 401(k) Plan account, and company matching contributions paid directly to the NEO that would be credited to the 401(k) Plan if IRC contribution limits did
not apply. 
 Total. The number in this column provides a single figure that represents the total compensation either earned by each NEO for the years indicated or accrued benefits payable in later years and required to be
disclosed by SEC rules in this table. It does not reflect actual compensation paid to the NEO during the year, but is the sum of the dollar values of each type of compensation quantified in the other columns in accordance with SEC rules.

 141 

 Table of Contents 

 S UMMARY C OMPENSATION T ABLE 

 The following table presents information concerning compensation paid or earned by the NEOs for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, as
well as the grant date fair value of stock awards and changes in pension value. 

 Name and Principal Position 

 Year 

 Salary (1) 

 Stock
Awards (2) 

 Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation (3) 

 Change in
Pension Value
and
Nonqualified
Deferred
Compensation
Earnings (4) 

 All
Other
Compensation (5) 

 Total 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 2012 

 $ 

 381,827 

 $ 

 1,027,602 

 $ 

 946,561 

 $ 

 1,171,041 

 $ 

 54,815 

 $ 

 3,581,846 

 2011 

 393,084 

 1,127,702 

 2,351,094 

 584,944 

 51,827 

 4,508,651 

 2010 

 342,720 

 2,164,671 

 1,634,640 

 551,838 

 44,950 

 4,738,819 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 Executive Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 2012 

 311,880 

 1,632,701 

 480,389 

 1,169,718 

 31,291 

 3,625,979 

 2011 

 320,948 

 485,013 

 1,008,431 

 802,520 

 33,962 

 2,650,874 

 2010 

 305,402 

 413,970 

 841,435 

 1,590,831 

 33,281 

 3,184,919 

 David A. Christian 

 President and COO—Dominion Generation 

 2012 

 323,858 

 1,166,905 

 364,726 

 1,188,167 

 51,191 

 3,094,847 

 2011 

 309,329 

 309,058 

 608,095 

 682,795 

 52,785 

 1,962,062 

 2010 

 299,384 

 225,247 

 554,103 

 661,527 

 49,013 

 1,789,274 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 President and COO—DVP 

 2012 

 429,614 

 1,764,103 

 531,159 

 1,115,497 

 46,657 

 3,887,030 

 2011 

 423,840 

 471,012 

 1,107,655 

 695,145 

 49,323 

 2,746,975 

 2010 

 431,679 

 478,139 

 998,467 

 642,025 

 40,721 

 2,591,031 

 David A. Heacock 

 President and CNO 

 2012 

 206,435 

 117,665 

 159,303 

 462,314 

 22,968 

 968,685 

 2011 

 215,395 

 128,803 

 318,493 

 388,820 

 20,921 

 1,072,432 

 2010 

 195,288 

 114,750 

 292,961 

 346,705 

 19,595 

 969,299 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (1) 

 The NEOs received the following base salary increases effective
March 1, 2012: Messrs. Farrell and Christian: 7.5%; Mr. Heacock: 4%; and Messrs. McGettrick and Koonce: 3%. 

 (2) 

 The amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value of stock
awards for the respective year grant in accordance with FASB guidance for share-based payments. Dominion did not grant any stock options in 2012. See also Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the companies’ 2012 Annual Report on
Form 10-K for more information on the valuation of stock-based awards, the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table for stock awards granted in 2012, and the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table for a listing of all outstanding equity awards
as of December 31, 2012. 

 (3) 

 The 2012 amounts in this column include the payout under Dominion’s
2012 AIP and 2011 Performance Grant Awards. All of the NEOs received 60% funding of their 2012 AIP target awards. Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick received 99% payouts for accomplishment of their goals while Messrs. Christian and Heacock received 96%
and Mr. Koonce received 100%. The 2012 AIP payout amounts were as follows: Mr. Farrell: $286,842; Mr. McGettrick: $186,161; Mr. Christian: $169,863; Mr. Koonce: $233,123; and Mr. Heacock: $83,771. See CD&A for
additional information on the 2012 AIP and the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table for the range of each NEO’s potential award under the 2012 AIP. The 2011 Performance Grant Award was issued on February 1, 2011 and the payout amount was
determined based on achievement of performance goals for the performance period ended December 31, 2012. Payouts can range from 0% to 200%. The actual payout was 64.2% of the target amount. The payout amounts were as follows: Mr. Farrell:
$659,719; Mr. McGettrick: $294,229; Mr. Christian: $194,863; Mr. Koonce: $298,036; and Mr. Heacock: $75,531. The 2011 amounts reflect both the 2011 AIP and the 2010 Performance Grant payouts, and the 2010 amounts reflect both the
2010 AIP and 2009 Performance Grant payouts. 

 (4) 

 All amounts in this column are for the aggregate change in the actuarial
present value of the NEO’s accumulated benefit under the DPP and nonqualified executive retirement plans. There are no above-market earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation plans. These accruals are not directly in relation to final
payout potential, and can vary significantly year over year based on (i) promotions and corresponding changes in salary; (ii) other one-time adjustments to salary or incentive target for market or other reasons; (iii) actual age
versus predicted age at retirement; (iv) discount rate used to determine present value of benefit; and (v) other relevant factors. 

 (5) 

 All Other Compensation amounts for 2012 are as follows:

 Name 

 Executive
Perquisites (a) 

 Life
Insurance
Premiums 

 Employee
401(k) Plan
Match (b) 

 Company Match
Above IRS
Limits (c) 

 Total All Other
Compensation 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 $ 

 31,629 

 $ 

 8,646 

 $ 

 2,202 

 $ 

 12,338 

 $ 

 54,815 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 12,145 

 6,670 

 4,583 

 7,893 

 31,291 

 David A. Christian 

 15,491 

 22,745 

 5,396 

 7,559 

 51,191 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 22,768 

 11,000 

 6,190 

 6,699 

 46,657 

 David A. Heacock 

 9,068 

 5,642 

 4,706 

 3,552 

 22,968 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
appropriate NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (a) 

 Unless noted, the amounts in this column for all NEOs are comprised of the following: personal use of company vehicle and financial planning and health and wellness
allowance. For Mr. Farrell, the amounts in this column also include personal use of the corporate aircraft. The value of Mr. Farrell’s personal use of the aircraft during 2012 was $23,537. For personal flights, all direct operating
costs are included in calculating aggregate incremental cost. Direct operating costs include the following: fuel, airport fees, catering, ground transportation and crew expenses (any food, lodging and other costs). The fixed costs of owning the
aircraft and employing the crew are not taken into consideration, as more than 97% of the use of the corporate aircraft is for business purposes. The CGN Committee has directed Mr. Farrell to use corporate aircraft for all personal travel
whenever it is feasible to do so. 

 142 

 Table of Contents 

 (b) 

 Employees initially hired before 2008 who contribute to the 401(k) Plan receive a matching contribution of 50 cents for each dollar contributed up to 6% of
compensation (subject to IRS limits) for employees who have less than 20 years of service, and 67 cents for each dollar contributed up to 6% of compensation (subject to IRS limits) for employees who have 20 or more years of service.

 (c) 

 Represents each payment of lost 401(k) Plan matching contribution due to IRS limits. 

 G RANTS OF P LAN -B ASED A WARDS 
 The following table provides information about stock awards and non-equity incentive awards granted to the NEOs during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 Name 

 Grant 

 Date (1) 

 Grant
Approval
Date (1) 

 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Awards 

 All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number of
Shares
of
Stock or
Units 

 Grant
Date
Fair Value 
 of Stock
and
Options
Award (1)(4) 

 Threshold 

 Target 

 Maximum 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 

 $ 

 0 

 $ 

 482,899 

 $ 

 965,797 

 2012 Cash Performance Grant (3) 

 0 

 1,027,600 

 2,055,200 

 2012 Restricted Stock
Grant (4) 

 2/1/2012 

 1/19/2012 

 20,380 

 $ 

 1,027,602 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 

 0 

 313,402 

 626,804 

 2012 Cash Performance Grant (3) 

 0 

 486,944 

 973,888 

 2012 Restricted Stock Grant (4) 

 2/1/2012 

 1/19/2012 

 9,657 

 486,944 

 Executive Restricted Stock
Grant (5) 

 12/20/2012 

 12/17/2012 

 21,949 

 1,145,757 

 David A. Christian 

 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 

 0 

 294,901 

 589,802 

 2012 Cash Performance Grant (3) 

 0 

 357,485 

 714,970 

 2012 Restricted Stock Grant (4) 

 2/1/2012 

 1/19/2012 

 7,090 

 357,495 

 Executive Restricted Stock
Grant (5) 

 12/20/2012 

 12/17/2012 

 15,505 

 809,410 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 

 0 

 388,538 

 777,076 

 2012 Cash Performance Grant (3) 

 0 

 526,129 

 1,052,258 

 2012 Restricted Stock Grant (4) 

 2/1/2012 

 1/19/2012 

 10,435 

 526,137 

 Executive Restricted Stock
Grant (5) 

 12/20/2012 

 12/17/2012 

 23,715 

 1,237,966 

 David A. Heacock 

 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 

 0 

 145,437 

 290,873 

 2012 Cash Performance Grant (3) 

 0 

 117,650 

 235,300 

 2012 Restricted Stock
Grant (4) 

 2/1/2012 

 1/19/2012 

 2,333 

 117,665 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (1) 

 On January 19, 2012, the CGN Committee approved the 2012 long-term
incentive compensation awards for Dominion officers, which consisted of a restricted stock grant and a cash performance grant. The 2012 restricted stock award was granted on February 1, 2012. Under the 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, fair
market value is defined as the closing price of Dominion common stock on the date of grant or, if that day is not a trading day, on the most recent trading day immediately preceding the date of grant. The fair market value for the February 1,
2012 restricted stock grant was $50.42 per share, which was Dominion’s closing stock price on February 1, 2012. 

 (2) 

 Amounts represent the range of potential payouts under the 2012 AIP.
Actual amounts paid under the 2012 AIP are found in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. Under Dominion’s AIP, officers are eligible for an annual performance-based award. The CGN Committee
establishes target awards for each NEO based on his salary level and expressed as a percentage of the individual NEO’s base salary. The target award is the amount of cash that will be paid if the plan is fully funded and payout goals are
achieved. For the 2012 AIP, funding was based on the achievement of consolidated operating earnings goals with the maximum funding capped at 200%, as explained under the Annual Incentive Plan section of the CD&A.

 (3) 

 Amounts represent the range of potential payouts under the 2012
performance grant of the LTIP. Payouts can range from 0% to 200% of the target award. Awards will be paid by March 15, 2014 depending on the achievement of performance goals for the two-year period ending December 31, 2013. The amount
earned will depend on the level of achievement of two performance metrics: TSR—50% and ROIC—50%. TSR measures Dominion’s share performance for the two-year period ended December 31, 2013 relative to the TSR of the companies that
are listed as members of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility Index as of the end of the performance period. ROIC goal achievement will be scored against 2012 and 2013 budget goals. 

 The performance grant is forfeited in its entirety if an officer voluntarily terminates employment or is terminated with cause before the vesting date. The grants
have pro-rated vesting for retirement, termination without cause, death or disability. In the case of retirement, pro-rated vesting will not occur if the CEO (or, for the CEO, the CGN Committee) determines the officer’s retirement is
detrimental to the company. Payout for an officer who retires or whose employment is terminated without cause, is made following the end of the performance period so that the officer is rewarded only to the extent the performance goals are achieved.
In the case of death or disability, payout is made as soon as possible to facilitate the administration of the officer’s estate or financial planning. The payout amount will be the greater of the officer’s target award or an amount based
on the predicted performance used for compensation cost disclosure purposes in Dominion’s financial statements. 

 In the event of a change in control, the performance grant is vested in its entirety and payout of the performance grant will occur as soon as administratively
feasible following the change in control date at an amount that is the greater of an officer’s target award or an amount based on the predicted performance used for compensation cost disclosure purposes in Dominion’s financial statements.

 (4) 

 The 2012 restricted stock grant fully vests at the end of three years.
The restricted stock grant is forfeited in its entirety if an officer voluntarily terminates employment or is terminated with cause before the vesting date. The restricted stock grant provides for pro-rated vesting if an officer retires, dies,
becomes disabled, is terminated without cause, or if there is a change in control. In the case of retirement, pro-rated vesting will not occur if the CEO (or for the 

 143 

 Table of Contents 

CEO, the CGN Committee) determines the officer’s retirement is detrimental to the company. In the event of a change in control, pro-rated vesting is provided as of the change in control
date, and full vesting if an officer’s employment is terminated, or constructively terminated by the successor entity following the change in control date but before the scheduled vesting date. Dividends on the restricted shares are paid during
the restricted period at the same rate declared by Dominion for all shareholders. 

 (5) 

 On December 17, 2012, the CGN Committee awarded shares of restricted
stock to Messrs. McGettrick, Christian and Koonce for retention purposes. Mr. McGettrick received 21,949 shares, Mr. Christian received 15,505 and Mr. Koonce received 23,715 shares (These NEOs perform services for more than one
subsidiary of Dominion. These share amounts reflect only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented). The grant date was December 20, 2012 and the shares will fully vest on December 20, 2015
(Vesting Date), provided they each remain employed until that date. The officer will forfeit the restricted stock grant if employment with Dominion terminates prior to the Vesting Date for any reason other than a change in control, death or
disability. In the event of a change in control, death or disability, the restricted shares are subject to vesting on a pro-rated basis. The fair market value for these retention grants was $52.20 per share, which was Dominion’s closing stock
price on December 20, 2012. Dividends on the restricted shares are reinvested and the resulting shares will also maintain a restricted status throughout the term of the grant. To the extent the officer remains an employee of Dominion or a
Dominion Company, net shares of vested restricted stock under each agreement must be retained for two years following the Vesting Date unless the officer dies or becomes disabled. 

 O UTSTANDING E QUITY A WARDS AT F ISCAL Y EAR -E ND 
 
 The following table summarizes equity awards made to NEOs that were outstanding as of December 31, 2012. There were no unexercised or
unexercisable option awards outstanding for any NEOs as of December 31, 2012. 

 Stock Awards 

 Name 

 Number of
Shares or Units of
Stock that Have
Not Vested (#) 

 Market Value of
Shares or Units of
Stock That Have
Not Vested (1) ($) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 27,431 

 (2) 

 $ 

 1,420,926 

 23,601 

 (3) 

 1,222,532 

 20,380 

 (4) 

 1,055,684 

 31,839 

 (5) 

 1,649,260 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 11,011 

 (2) 

 570,370 

 10,526 

 (3) 

 545,247 

 9,657 

 (4) 

 500,233 

 21,949 

 (6) 

 1,136,958 

 David A. Christian 

 6,122 

 (2) 

 317,120 

 6,971 

 (3) 

 361,098 

 7,090 

 (4) 

 367,262 

 15,505 

 (6) 

 803,159 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 12,393 

 (2) 

 641,957 

 10,662 

 (3) 

 552,292 

 10,435 

 (4) 

 540,533 

 23,715 

 (6) 

 1,228,437 

 David A. Heacock 

 2,826 

 (2) 

 146,387 

 2,702 

 (3) 

 139,964 

 2,333 

 (4) 

 120,849 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Amounts for the NEOs
listed in the table reflect only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (1) 

 The market value is based on closing stock price of $51.80 on
December 31, 2012. 

 (2) 

 Shares scheduled to vest on February 1, 2013.

 (3) 

 Shares scheduled to vest on February 1, 2014.

 (4) 

 Shares scheduled to vest on February 1, 2015.

 (5) 

 Shares scheduled to vest on December 17, 2015. Amount includes
dividends reinvested into additional shares that are restricted and subject to the same terms and conditions of the underlying restricted stock grant. 

 (6) 

 Shares scheduled to vest on December 20, 2015. Amount includes
dividends reinvested into additional shares that are restricted and subject to the same terms and conditions of the underlying restricted stock grant. 

 144 

 Table of Contents 

 O PTION E XERCISES AND S TOCK V ESTED 

 The following table provides information about the value realized by NEOs during the year ended December 31, 2012 on vested restricted stock awards.
There were no option exercises by NEOs in 2012. 

 Stock Awards 

 Name 

 Number of
Shares
Acquired on
Vesting 

 Value
Realized on
Vesting 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 25,037 

 $ 

 1,262,366 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 9,770 

 492,603 

 David A. Christian 

 4,985 

 251,344 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 10,557 

 532,284 

 David A. Heacock 

 2,341 

 118,033 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 P ENSION B ENEFITS 
 The following table shows the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits payable to NEOs, together with the number of years of benefit service credited to each NEO, under the plans listed in the
table. Values are computed as of December 31, 2012, using the same interest rate and mortality assumptions used in determining the aggregate pension obligations disclosed in Dominion’s financial statements. The years of credited service
and the present value of accumulated benefits were determined by the plan actuaries, using the appropriate accrued service, pay and other assumptions similar to those used for accounting and disclosure purposes. Please refer to Actuarial
Assumptions Used to Calculate Pension Benefits for detailed information regarding these assumptions. 

 Name 

 Plan Name 

 Number of
Years
Credited
Service (1) 

 Present Value
of Accumulated
Benefit (2) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 Dominion Pension Plan 

 17.00 

 $ 

 299,495 

 Benefit Restoration Plan 

 28.00 

 3,079,682 

 Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 28.00 

 4,027,674 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 Dominion Pension Plan 

 28.50 

 659,443 

 Benefit Restoration Plan 

 30.00 

 3,049,238 

 Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 30.00 

 3,136,378 

 David A. Christian 

 Dominion Pension Plan 

 28.50 

 965,441 

 Benefit Restoration Plan 

 28.50 

 1,930,290 

 Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 28.50 

 2,567,957 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 Dominion Pension Plan 

 14.00 

 559,634 

 Benefit Restoration Plan 

 14.00 

 753,813 

 Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 14.00 

 3,295,194 

 David A. Heacock 

 Dominion Pension Plan 

 25.50 

 697,260 

 Benefit Restoration Plan 

 25.50 

 487,554 

 Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 25.50 

 663,178 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (1) 

 Years of credited service shown in this column for the DPP are actual
years accrued by an NEO from his date of participation to December 31, 2012. Service for the BRP and the ESRP is the NEO’s actual credited service as of December 31, 2012 plus any potential total credited service to the plan maximum,
including any extra years of credited service granted to Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick by the CGN Committee for the purpose of calculating benefits under these plans. Please refer to the narrative below and under Dominion Retirement Benefit
Restoration Plan, Dominion Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change In Control for information about the requirements for receiving extra years of credited service and the amount credited, if any, for
each NEO. 

 (2) 

 The amounts in this column are based on actuarial assumptions that all of
the NEOs would retire at the earliest age they become eligible for unreduced benefits, which is (i) age 60 for Messrs. Farrell, Koonce, Christian and Heacock, and (ii) age 55 for Mr. McGettrick (when he would be treated as age 60
based on his five additional years of credited age). In addition, for purposes of calculating the BRP benefits for Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick, the amounts reflect additional credited years of service granted to them pursuant to their agreements
with the company (see Dominion Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan). If the amounts in this column did not include the additional years of credited service, the present value of the BRP benefit would be $1,440,225 lower for Mr. Farrell and
$1,451,322 lower for Mr. McGettrick. DPP and ESRP benefits amounts are not augmented by the additional service credit assumptions. 

 145 

 Table of Contents 

 Dominion Pension Plan 
 The DPP is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. All of the NEOs participate in the DPP. The DPP provides unreduced retirement benefits at termination of employment at or after age 65 or, with
three years of service, at age 60. A participant who has attained age 55 with three years of service may elect early retirement benefits at a reduced amount. If a participant retires between ages 55 and 60, the benefit is reduced 0.25% per
month for each month after age 58 and before age 60, and reduced 0.50% per month for each month between ages 55 and 58. All of the NEOs have more than three years of service. 

 The DPP basic benefit is calculated using a formula based on (1) age at retirement; (2) final average earnings;
(3) estimated Social Security benefits; and (4) credited service. Final average earnings are the average of the participant’s 60 highest consecutive months of base pay during the last 120 months worked. Final average earnings do not
include compensation payable under the AIP, the value of equity awards, gains from the exercise of stock options, long-term cash incentive awards, perquisites or any other form of compensation other than base pay. 

 Credited service is measured in months, up to a maximum of 30 years of credited service. The estimated Social Security benefit taken into
account is the assumed Social Security benefit payable starting at age 65 or actual retirement date, if later, assuming that the participant has no further employment after leaving Dominion. These factors are then applied in a formula. 

 The formula has different percentages for credited service through December 31, 2000 and on and after January 1, 2001. The
benefit is the sum of the amounts from the following two formulas. 

 For credited service through December 31, 2000: 

 2.03% times Final
Average Earnings times Credited 

 Service before 2001 

 Minus 

 2.00% times 
estimated Social Security benefit times Credited Service 
 before 2001 

 For credited service on or after January 1, 2001: 

 1.80% times Final
Average Earnings times Credited 

 Service after 2000 

 Minus 

 1.50% times estimated Social Security benefit times Credited Service after 2000 

 Credited service is limited to a total of 30 years for all parts of the formula and credited service after
2000 is limited to 30 years minus credited service before 2001. 
 Benefit payment options are (1) a single life annuity or
(2) a choice of a 50%, 75% or 100% joint and survivor annuity. A Social Security leveling option is available with any of the benefit forms. The normal form of benefit is a single life annuity for unmarried participants and a 50% joint and
survivor annuity for married participants. All of the payment options are actuarially equivalent in value to the single life annuity. The Social Security leveling option pays a larger benefit equal to the estimated Social Security benefit until the
participant is age 62 and then reduced payments after age 62. 
 The DPP also includes a special retirement account, which is in
addition to the pension benefit. The special retirement account is credited with 2% of base pay each month as well as interest based on the 30-year Treasury bond rate set annually (3.18% in 2012). The special retirement account can be paid in a lump
sum or paid in the form of an annuity benefit. 

 A participant becomes vested in his or her benefit after completing three years of service.
A vested participant who terminates employment before age 55 can start receiving benefit payments calculated using terminated vested reduction factors at any time after attaining age 55. If payments begin before age 65, then the following reduction
factors for the portion of the benefits earned after 2000 apply: age 64 – 9%; age 63 – 16%; age 62 – 23%; age 61 – 30%; age 60 – 35%; age 59 – 40%; age 58 – 44%; age 57 – 48%; age 56 – 52%; and age
55 – 55%. 
 The IRC limits the amount of compensation that may be included in determining pension benefits under qualified
pension plans. For 2012, the compensation limit was $250,000. The IRC also limits the total annual benefit that may be provided to a participant under a qualified defined benefit plan. For 2012, this limitation was the lesser of (i) $200,000 or
(ii) the average of the participant’s compensation during the three consecutive years in which the participant had the highest aggregate compensation. 
 Dominion Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan 
 The BRP is a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan
designed to make up for benefit reductions under the DPP due to the limits imposed by the IRC. 
 A Dominion employee is eligible
to participate in the BRP if (1) he or she is a member of management or a highly compensated employee, (2) his or her DPP benefit is or has been limited by the IRC compensation or benefit limits, and (3) he or she has been designated
as a participant by the CGN Committee. A participant remains a participant until he or she ceases to be eligible for any reason other than retirement or until his or her status as a participant is revoked by the CGN Committee. 

 Upon retirement, a participant’s BRP benefit is calculated using the same formula (except that the IRC salary limit is not applied)
used to determine the participant’s default annuity form of benefit under the DPP (single life annuity for unmarried participants and 50% joint and survivor annuity for married participants), and then subtracting the benefit the participant is
entitled to receive under the DPP. To accommodate the enactment of IRC Section 409A, the portion of a participant’s BRP benefit that had accrued as of December 31, 2004 is frozen, but the calculation of the overall restoration benefit
is not changed. 
 The restoration benefit is generally paid in the form of a single lump sum cash payment. However, a
participant may elect to receive a single life or 50% or 100% joint and survivor annuity for the portion of his or her benefit that accrued prior to 2005. For the portion of his or her benefit that accrued in 2005 or later, a participant may also
elect to receive a 75% joint and survivor annuity. The lump sum calculation includes an amount approximately equivalent to the amount of taxes the participant will owe on the lump sum payment so that the participant will have sufficient funds, on an
after-tax basis, to purchase an annuity contract. 
 A participant who terminates employment before he or she is eligible
for benefits under the DPP generally is not entitled to a restoration benefit. Messrs. Farrell and McGettrick have been granted age and service credits for purposes of calculating their DPP and BRP benefits. Per Mr. Farrell’s letter
agreement, he was granted 25 years of service when he reached age 55 and will continue to accrue service as long as he remains employed. At age 60, benefits will be calculated based on 30 years of service, if he remains employed.
Mr. McGettrick, having attained age 50, has 

 146 

 Table of Contents 

 earned benefits calculated based on five additional years of age and service. For each of these NEOs, the additional years of service count for determining both the amount of benefits and the
eligibility to receive them. For additional information regarding service credits, see Dominion Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan. 
 If a vested participant dies when he or she is retirement eligible (on or after age 55), the participant’s beneficiary will receive the restoration benefit in a single lump sum payment. If a
participant dies while employed but before he or she has attained age 55 and the participant is married at the time of death, the participant’s spouse will receive a restoration benefit calculated in the same way as the 50% qualified
pre-retirement survivor annuity payable under the DPP and paid in a lump sum payment. 
 Dominion Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan 

 The ESRP is a nonqualified defined benefit plan that provides for an annual retirement benefit equal to 25% of a participant’s final cash
compensation (base salary plus target annual incentive award) payable for a period of 10 years or, for certain participants designated by the CGN Committee, for the participant’s lifetime. To accommodate the enactment of IRC Section 409A,
the portion of a participant’s ESRP benefit that had accrued as of December 31, 2004 is frozen, but the calculation of the overall benefit is not changed. 
 A Dominion employee is eligible to participate in the ESRP if (1) he or she is a member of management or a highly compensated employee, and (2) he or she has been designated as a participant by
the CGN Committee. A participant remains a participant until he or she ceases to be eligible for any reason other than retirement or until his or her status as a participant is revoked by the CGN Committee. 

 A participant is entitled to the full ESRP benefit if he or she separates from service with Dominion after reaching age 55 and achieving
60 months of service. A participant who separates from service with Dominion with at least 60 months of service but who has not yet reached age 55 is entitled to a reduced, pro-rated retirement benefit. A participant who separates from service with
Dominion with fewer than 60 months of service is generally not entitled to an ESRP benefit unless the participant separated from service on account of disability or death. 
 The ESRP benefit is generally paid in the form of a single lump sum cash payment. However, a participant may elect to receive the portion of his or her benefit that had accrued as of December 31,
2004 in monthly installments. For any new participants, the ESRP benefit must be paid in the form of a single lump sum cash payment. The lump sum calculation includes an amount approximately equivalent to the amount of taxes the participant will owe
on the lump sum payment so that the participant will have sufficient funds, on an after-tax basis, to purchase a 10-year or lifetime annuity contract.

 All of the NEOs except Mr. Koonce are currently entitled to a full ESRP retirement
benefit. If Mr. Koonce terminates employment before attaining age 55, he will receive a pro-rated ESRP benefit. Based on the terms of their individual letter agreements, Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick and Koonce will receive an ESRP benefit
calculated as a lifetime benefit. Mr. McGettrick has earned five years of additional age and service credit for purposes of computing his retirement benefits and eligibility for benefits under the ESRP, long-term incentive grants, and retiree
medical and life insurance plans as he has met the requirement of remaining employed until he attained age 50. Under his letter agreement, Mr. Christian will receive ESRP benefits calculated as a lifetime benefit provided he remains employed
with Dominion until attainment of age 60. As consideration for this benefit, Mr. Christian has agreed not to compete with Dominion for a two-year period following retirement. This agreement ensures that his knowledge and services will not be
available to competitors for two years following his retirement date. 
 Actuarial Assumptions Used to Calculate Pension Benefits 

 Actuarial assumptions used to calculate DPP benefits are prescribed by the terms of the DPP based on IRC and PBGC requirements. The present value of the
accumulated benefit is calculated using actuarial and other factors as determined by the plan actuaries and approved by Dominion. Actuarial assumptions used for the December 31, 2012 benefit calculations shown in the Pension Benefits 
table include a discount rate of 4.40% to determine the present value of the future benefit obligations for the DPP, BRP and ESRP and a lump sum interest rate of 3.65% to estimate the lump sum values of BRP and ESRP benefits. Each NEO is assumed to
retire at the earliest age at which he is projected to become eligible for full, unreduced pension benefits. Beginning with the 2009 calculations, for purposes of estimating future eligibility for unreduced DPP and ESRP benefits, the effect of
future service is considered. Each NEO is assumed to commence DPP payments at the same age as BRP payments. The longevity assumption used to determine the present value of benefits is the same assumption used for financial reporting of the DPP
liabilities, with no assumed mortality before retirement age. Assumed mortality after retirement is based on tables from the Society of Actuaries’ RP-2000 study, projected from 2000 to a point five years beyond the calculation date (this year,
to 2017) with 100% of the Scale AA factors, and further adjusted for Dominion experience by using an age set-forward factor. For BRP and ESRP benefits, other actuarial assumptions include an assumed tax rate of 42%. BRP and ESRP benefits are assumed
to be paid as lump sums; pension plan benefits are assumed to be paid as annuities. 
 The discount rate for calculating lump sum
BRP and ESRP payments at the time an officer terminates employment is selected by Dominion’s Administrative Benefits Committee and adjusted periodically. For year 2012, a 5.09% discount rate was used to determine the lump sum payout amounts.
The discount rate for each year will be based on a rolling average of the blended rate published by the PBGC in October of the previous five years.

 147 

 Table of Contents 

 N ONQUALIFIED D EFERRED C OMPENSATION 

 Name 

 Aggregate Earnings
in Last FY 

 (as of 12/31/2012)* 

 Aggregate
Withdrawals/ 

 Distributions
(as of 12/31/2012) 

 Aggregate Balance
at Last FYE 

 (as of 12/31/2012) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 David A. Christian 

 256 

 — 

 15,891 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 22,404 

 — 

 1,146,855 

 David A. Heacock 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 *No preferential earnings are paid and therefore no earnings from these plans are included in the Summary Compensation
Table. Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year
presented. 
 At this time, Dominion does not offer any nonqualified elective deferred compensation plans to its officers or
other employees. The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table reflects, in aggregate, the plan balances for two former plans offered to Dominion officers and other highly compensated employees: the Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan and the
Frozen DSOP, which were frozen as of December 31, 2004. Although the Frozen DSOP was an option plan rather than a deferred compensation plan, Dominion is including information regarding the plan and any balances in this table to make full
disclosure about possible future payments to officers under Dominion’s employee benefit plans. 
 Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan 

 The Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan includes amounts previously deferred from one of the following categories of compensation: (i) salary;
(ii) bonus; (iii) vesting restricted stock; and (iv) gains from stock option exercises. The plan also provided for company contributions of lost company 401(k) Plan match contributions and transfers from several CNG deferred
compensation plans. The Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan offers 27 investment funds for the plan balances, including a Dominion Resources Stock Fund. Participants may change investment elections on any business day. Any vested restricted stock and
gains from stock option exercises that were deferred were automatically allocated to the Dominion Resources Stock Fund and this allocation cannot be changed. Earnings are calculated based on the performance of the underlying investment fund.
 
 The following funds had rates of returns for 2012 as follows: Dominion Resources Stock Fund, 1.66%; and Dominion Fixed Income
Fund, 3.31%. 
 The Dominion Fixed Income Fund is an investment option that provides a fixed rate of return each year based on a
formula that is tied to the adjusted federal long-term rate published by the IRS in November prior to the beginning of the year. Dominion’s Asset Management Committee determines the rate based on its estimate of the rate of return on Dominion
assets in the trust for the Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 The default Benefit Commencement Date is February 28 after
the year in which the participant retires, but the participant may select a different Benefit Commencement Date in accordance with the plan. Participants may change their Benefit Commencement Date election; however, a new election must be made

at least six months before an existing Benefit Commencement Date. Withdrawals less than six months prior to an existing Benefit Commencement Date are subject to a 10% early withdrawal penalty.
Account balances must be fully paid out no later than the February 28 that is 10 calendar years after a participant retires or becomes disabled. If a participant retires from Dominion, he or she may continue to defer an account balance provided
that the total balance is distributed by this deadline. In the event of termination of employment for reasons other than death, disability or retirement before an elected Benefit Commencement Date, benefit payments will be distributed in a lump sum
as soon as administratively practicable. Hardship distributions, prior to an elected Benefit Commencement Date, are available under certain limited circumstances. 
 Participants may elect to have their benefit paid in a lump sum payment or equal annual installments over a period of whole years from one to 10 years. Participants have the ability to change their
distribution schedule for benefits under the plan by giving six months notice to the plan administrator. Once a participant begins receiving annual installment payments, the participant can make a one-time election to either (1) receive the
remaining account balance in the form of a lump sum distribution or (2) change the remaining installment payment period. Any election must be approved by the company before it is effective. All distributions are made in cash with the exception
of the Deferred Restricted Stock Account and the Deferred Stock Option Account, which are distributed in the form of Dominion common stock. 
 Frozen
DSOP 
 The Frozen DSOP enabled employees to defer all or a portion of their salary and bonus and receive options on various mutual funds.
Participants also received lost company matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan in the form of options under this plan. DSOP options can be exercised at any time before their expiration date. On exercise, the participant receives the excess of the
value, if any, of the underlying mutual funds over the strike price. The participant can currently choose among options on 27 mutual funds, and there is not a Dominion stock alternative or a fixed income fund. Participants may change options among
the mutual funds on any business day. Benefits grow/decline based on the total return of the mutual funds selected. Any options that expire do not have any value. Options expire under the following terms: 

 Ÿ 

 Options expire on the last day of the 120th month after retirement or disability; 

 Ÿ 

 Options expire on the last day of the 24th month after the participant’s death (while employed); 

 Ÿ 

 Options expire on the last day of the 12th month after the participant’s severance; 

 Ÿ 

 Options expire on the 90th day after termination with cause; and 

 Ÿ 

 Options expire on the last day of the 120th month after severance following a change in control. 

 The NEO participating in the Frozen DSOP held options on the publicly available mutual fund, Vanguard Short-Term Bond Index, which had a
rate of return for 2012 of 1.95%. 

 148 

 Table of Contents 

 P OTENTIAL P AYMENTS U PON T ERMINATION 
 OR C HANGE IN C ONTROL 
 Under certain circumstances, Dominion provides benefits
to eligible employees upon termination of employment, including a termination of employment involving a change in control of Dominion, that are in addition to termination benefits for other employees in the same situation. 

 Change in Control 
 As discussed in the Employee
and Executive Benefits section of the CD&A, Dominion has entered into an Employment Continuity Agreement with each of its officers, including the NEOs. Each agreement has a three-year term and is automatically extended annually for an
additional year, unless cancelled by Dominion. 
 The Employment Continuity Agreements require two triggers for the payment of
most benefits: 

 Ÿ 

 There must be a change in control; and 

 Ÿ 

 The executive must either be terminated without cause, or terminate his or her employment with the surviving company after a constructive termination.
Constructive termination means the executive’s salary, incentive compensation or job responsibility is reduced after a change in control or the executive’s work location is relocated more than 50 miles without his or her consent.

 For purposes of the Employment Continuity Agreements, a change in control will occur if (i) any person
or group becomes a beneficial owner of 20% or more of the combined voting power of Dominion voting stock or (ii) as a direct or indirect result of, or in connection with, a cash tender or exchange offer, merger or other business combination,
sale of assets, or contested election, the directors constituting the Dominion Board before any such transaction cease to represent a majority of Dominion’s or its successor’s Board within two years after the last of such transactions.
 
 If an executive’s employment following a change in control is terminated without cause or due to a constructive
termination, the executive will become entitled to the following termination benefits: 

 Ÿ 

 Lump sum severance payment equal to three times base salary plus AIP award (determined as the greater of (i) the target annual award for the
current year or (ii) the highest actual AIP payout for any one of the three years preceding the year in which the change in control occurs).

 Ÿ 

 Full vesting of benefits under ESRP and BRP with five years of additional credited age and five years of additional credited service from the change in
control date. 

 Ÿ 

 Group-term life insurance. If the officer elects to convert group-term insurance to an individual policy, the company pays the premiums for 12 months.

 Ÿ 

 Executive life insurance. Premium payments will continue to be paid by Dominion until the earlier of: (1) the fifth anniversary of the termination
date, or (2) the later of the 10th anniversary of the policy or the date the officer attains age 64. 

 Ÿ 

 Retiree medical coverage will be determined under the relevant plan with additional age and service credited as provided under an officer’s letter
of agreement (if any) and including five additional years credited to age and five additional years credited to service. 

 Ÿ 

 Outplacement services for one year (up to $25,000). 

 Ÿ 

 If any payments are classified as excess parachute payments for purposes of IRC Section 280G and the executive incurs the excise tax, Dominion
will pay the executive an amount equal to the 280G excise tax plus a gross-up multiple. 

 In January 2013, the
CGN Committee approved the elimination of the excise tax gross up provision included in the Employment Continuity Agreement for any new officer elected after February 1, 2013. 

 The terms of awards made under the LTIP, rather than the terms of Employment Continuity Agreements, will determine the vesting of each
award in the event of a change in control. These provisions are described in the Long-Term Incentive Program section of the CD&A and footnotes to the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. 

 Other Post Employment Benefit for Mr. Farrell 

 Mr. Farrell will become entitled to a payment of one times salary upon his retirement as consideration for his agreement not to compete with Dominion
for a two-year period following retirement. This agreement ensures that his knowledge and services will not be available to competitors for two years following his retirement date.

 149 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table provides the incremental payments that would be earned by each NEO
if his employment had been terminated, or constructively terminated, as of December 31, 2012. These benefits are in addition to retirement benefits that would be payable on any termination of employment. Please refer to the Pension
Benefits table for information related to the present value of accumulated retirement benefits payable to the NEOs. 
 Incremental Payments Upon
Termination or Change in Control 

 Name 

 Non-Qualified
Plan Payment 

 Restricted
Stock (1)

 Performance
Grant (1) 

 Non-Compete
Payments (2) 

 Severance
Payments 

 Retiree Medical
and Executive
Life Insurance (3) 

 Outplacement
Services 

 Excise Tax &
Tax Gross-Up 

 Total 

 Thomas F. Farrell II (4) 

 Retirement 

 $— 

 $ 

 2,485,126 

 $ 

 491,461 

 $ 

 386,319 

 $— 

 $— 

 $— 

 $— 

 $ 

 3,362,906 

 Death / Disability 

 — 

 3,144,840 

 491,461 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 3,636,301 

 Change in
Control (5) 

 588,482 

 1,873,837 

 536,139 

 — 

 2,929,365 

 — 

 7,340 

 — 

 5,935,163 

 Mark F. McGettrick (4) 

 Retirement 

 — 

 1,055,715 

 232,886 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,288,601 

 Death / Disability 

 — 

 1,087,289 

 232,886 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,320,175 

 Change in
Control (5) 

 — 

 1,697,168 

 254,058 

 — 

 2,139,402 

 — 

 11,458 

 — 

 4,102,086 

 David A. Christian (4) 

 Retirement 

 — 

 651,237 

 170,971 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 822,208 

 Death / Disability 

 — 

 673,542 

 170,971 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 844,513 

 Change in
Control (5) 

 375,375 

 1,197,516 

 186,514 

 — 

 2,004,106 

 — 

 13,490 

 1,329,761 

 5,106,762 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 Termination Without Cause 

 — 

 1,142,123 

 251,627 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,393,750 

 Voluntary Termination 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Termination With Cause 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Death / Disability 

 — 

 1,176,238 

 251,627 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,427,865 

 Change in
Control (5) 

 2,120,693 

 1,821,216 

 274,502 

 — 

 2,781,824 

 11,102 

 20,633 

 — 

 7,029,970 

 David A. Heacock (4) 

 Retirement 

 — 

 268,709 

 56,267 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 324,976 

 Change in
Control (5) 

 756,132 

 138,584 

 61,383 

 — 

 1,119,029 

 75,093 

 11,765 

 783,353 

 2,945,339 

 Note: The NEOs included in this table perform services for more than one subsidiary of Dominion. Compensation for the
NEOs listed in the table reflects only the applicable portion related to their service for Virginia Power in the year presented. 

 (1) 

 Grants made in 2010, 2011 and 2012 under the LTIP vest prorated upon
termination without cause, death or disability. These grants vest prorated upon retirement provided the CEO of Dominion (or in the case of the CEO, the CGN Committee) determines the NEO’s retirement is not detrimental to the company; amounts
shown assume this determination was made. However, the December 2010 restricted stock award issued to Mr. Farrell and the December 2012 restricted stock awards issued to Messrs. McGettrick, Christian and Koonce do not vest prorated if the
executive is terminated or leaves for any reason other than following change of control, death or disability. The amounts shown in the restricted stock column are based on the closing stock price of $51.80 on December 31, 2012.

 (2) 

 Pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 28, 2003,
Mr. Farrell will be entitled to a special payment of one times salary upon retirement in exchange for a two-year non-compete agreement. Mr. Farrell would not be entitled to this non-compete payment in the event of his death.

 (3) 

 Amounts in this column represent the value of the annual incremental
benefit the NEOs would receive for executive life insurance and retiree medical coverage. Mr. McGettrick is eligible for retiree medical and executive life insurance upon any termination due to his letter agreement. Messrs. Farrell and
Christian are entitled to executive life insurance coverage and retiree medical benefit upon any termination since they are retirement eligible and have completed 10 years of service. Mr. Heacock is entitled to executive life insurance coverage
since he has reached the age of 55 and has 10 years of service. Mr. Koonce is eligible for executive life insurance upon a change in control. Mr. Heacock is eligible for retiree medical coverage upon a change in control. Mr. Koonce would not be
eligible for retiree medical coverage upon a change in control because with an additional 5 years of age credit he would not reach the required retiree medical age of 58. Retiree health benefits have been quantified using assumptions used for
financial accounting purposes. 

 (4) 

 For the NEOs who are eligible for retirement (Messrs. Farrell,
McGettrick, Christian and Heacock), this table above assumes they would retire in connection with any termination event. 

 (5) 

 Change in control amounts assume that a change in control and a
termination or constructive termination takes place on December 31, 2012. The amounts indicated upon a change in control are the incremental amounts attributable to five years of additional age and service credited pursuant to the Employment
Continuity Agreements that each NEO would receive over the amounts payable upon a retirement (Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick, Christian, and Heacock) or termination without cause (Mr. Koonce). The restricted stock and performance grant amounts
represent the value of the awards upon a change in control that is above what would be received upon a retirement or termination. 

 150 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters 
 D OMINION 
 The information concerning stock ownership by directors, executive officers and five percent beneficial owners contained under the headings Share Ownership-Director and Officer Share Ownership and
 Significant Shareholders in the 2013 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. 
 The information regarding equity
securities of Dominion that are authorized for issuance under its equity compensation plans contained under the heading Executive Compensation-Equity Compensation Plans in the 2013 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 The
table below sets forth as of February 15, 2013, the number of shares of Dominion common stock owned by directors and executive officers of Virginia Power named on the Summary Compensation Table. Dominion owns all of the outstanding common stock
of Virginia Power. None of the executive officers or directors own any of the outstanding preferred stock of Virginia Power. 

 Name of Beneficial Owner 

 Shares 

 Restricted 

 Shares 

 Total (1) 

 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 624,714 

 335,782 

 960,496 

 Mark F. McGettrick 

 175,794 

 113,510 

 289,304 

 Steven A. Rogers 

 53,431 

 11,368 

 64,799 

 David A. Christian 

 86,198 

 68,250 

 154,448 

 David A. Heacock 

 28,315 

 16,240 

 44,555 

 Paul D. Koonce 

 69,099 

 67,754 

 136,853 

 All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) (2) 

 1,082,890 

 637,935 

 1,720,825 

 (1) 

 Includes shares as to which voting and/or investment power is shared with or controlled by another person as follows: Mr. Farrell, 20,000
(shares held jointly); Mr. Rogers, 669 (shares held in joint tenancy); all directors and executive officers as a group, 36,138. 

 (2) 

 Neither any individual director or executive officer, nor all of the directors and executive officers as a group, own more than one percent of
Dominion common shares outstanding as of February 15, 2013. 

 Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 D OMINION 

 The information regarding related party transactions required by this item found under the heading Related Party Transactions, and information
regarding director independence found under the heading Director Independence, in the 2013 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 
 Related
Party Transactions 
 Virginia Power’s Board of Directors has adopted the Related Party Guidelines also approved by Dominion’s
Board of
Direc- 

tors. These guidelines were adopted for the purpose of identifying potential conflicts of interest arising out of financial transactions, arrangements and relations between Virginia Power and any
related persons. Under the guidelines, a related person is a director, executive officer, director nominee, a beneficial owner of more than 5% of Dominion’s common stock, or any immediate family member of one of the foregoing persons. A related
party transaction is any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in excess of $120,000 in which Virginia Power
(and/or any of its consolidated subsidiaries) is a party and in which the related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 In determining whether a direct or indirect interest is material, the significance of the information to investors in light of all circumstances is considered. The importance of the interest to the person
having the interest, the relationship of the parties to the transaction with each other and the amount involved are also among the factors considered in determining the significance of the information to the investors. 

 Dominion’s CGN Committee has reviewed certain categories of transactions and determined that transactions between Dominion and a
related person that fall within such categories will not result in the related person receiving a direct or indirect material interest. Under the guidelines, such transactions are not deemed related party transactions and therefore not subject to
review by the CGN Committee. The categories of excluded transactions include, among other items, compensation and expense reimbursement paid to directors and executive officers in the ordinary course of performing their duties; transactions with
other companies where the related party’s only relationship is as an employee, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of that company’s gross revenues; and charitable contributions which are less
than the greater of $1 million or 2% of the charity’s annual receipts. The full text of the guidelines can be found on Dominion’s website at www.dom.com/investors/corporate-governance/pdf/related_party_guidelines.pdf. 

 Virginia Power collects information about potential related party transactions in its annual questionnaires completed by directors and
executive officers. Management reviews the potential related party transactions and assesses whether any of the identified transactions constitute a related party transaction. Any identified related party transactions are then reported to
Dominion’s CGN Committee. Dominion’s CGN Committee reviews and considers relevant facts and circumstances and determines whether to ratify or approve the related party transactions identified. Dominion’s CGN Committee may only approve
or ratify related party transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of Dominion and its shareholders and are in compliance with Virginia Power’s Code of Ethics. 

 Since January 1, 2012, there have been no related party transactions involving Virginia Power that were required either to be
approved under Virginia Power’s policies or reported under the SEC related party transactions rules. 

 151 

 Table of Contents 

 Director Independence 
 Under NYSE listing standards, Messrs. Farrell, McGettrick and Rogers are not independent as they were executive officers of Virginia Power or of its parent company, Dominion. All of Virginia Power’s
outstanding common stock is owned by Dominion and therefore, Virginia Power is a “controlled” company under the rules of the NYSE. Because Virginia Power meets the definition of a “controlled company” and has only preferred stock
listed on the NYSE, it is exempt under Section 303A of the NYSE Rules from the provisions relating to board committees and the requirement to have a majority of its board be independent. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 D OMINION 
 
 The information concerning principal accountant fees and services contained under the heading Auditors-Fees and Pre-Approval Policy 
in the 2013 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. 
 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 The following table presents fees paid to Deloitte & Touche LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 Type of Fees 

 2012 

 2011 

 (millions) 

 Audit fees 

 $ 

 1.79 

 $ 

 1.32 

 Audit-related fees 

 — 

 — 

 Tax fees 

 — 

 — 

 All other fees 

 — 

 — 

 $ 

 1.79 

 $ 

 1.32 

 Audit Fees represent fees of Deloitte & Touche LLP for the audit of
Virginia Power’s annual consolidated financial statements, the review of financial statements included in Virginia Power’s quarterly Form 10-Q reports, and the services that an independent auditor would customarily provide in connection
with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings, and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents, and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 

 Virginia Power’s Board of Directors has adopted the Dominion Audit Committee pre-approval policy for its independent auditor’s
services and fees and has delegated the execution of this policy to the Dominion Audit Committee. In accordance with this delegation, each year the Dominion Audit Committee pre-approves a schedule that details the services to be provided for the
following year and an estimated charge for such services. At its December 2012 meeting, the Dominion Audit Committee approved Virginia Power’s schedule of services and fees for 2013. In accordance with the pre-approval policy, any changes to
the pre-approved schedule may be pre-approved by the Dominion Audit Committee or a member of the Dominion Audit Committee.

 152 

 Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Certain documents are filed as part of this
Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages noted. 
 1. Financial Statements 

 See Index on page 53. 
 2. All
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is either not material or is shown in the financial statements or the related notes. 
 3. Exhibits (incorporated by reference unless otherwise note 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 2 

 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc., Dominion Energy, Inc., Dominion Transmission, Inc. and CONSOL Energy Holdings LLC VI (Exhibit 99.1, Form 8-K filed
March 15, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.1.a 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated, effective May 20, 2010 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.1.b 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on March 3, 2011 (Exhibit 3.1b, Form 10-Q filed April 29, 2011, File No.
1-2255). 

 X 

 3.2.a 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective December 13, 2011 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed December 14, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.2.b 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 4 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any other instrument with respect to
long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of either of their total consolidated assets. 

 X 

 X 

 4.1.a 

 See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 

 X 

 4.1.b 

 See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 

 X 

 4.2 

 Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 4.3 

 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File No. 333-47119); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 1998 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
June 12, 1998, File No. 1-2255); Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 1999 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 4, 1999, File No. 1-2255); Form of Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 1999 (Exhibit 4.2,
Form 8-K filed October 27, 1999, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Fourth and Fifth Supplemental Indentures, dated March 1, 2001 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 26, 2001, File No. 1-2255); Form of Sixth Supplemental Indenture,
dated January 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2002, File No. 1-2255); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255); Form of Eighth
Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed February 27, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Ninth and Tenth Supplemental Indentures, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K
filed December 4, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Form of Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 11, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Twelfth and Thirteenth Supplemental
Indentures, dated January 1, 2006 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255);
Form of Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 10, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Supplemental Indentures, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibits 4.2 and
4.3, Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 15, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and
Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 

 X 

 X 

 153 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 5, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 24,
2009, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 1, 2010, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2012
(Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2012, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255). 

 4.4 

 Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 1997 (Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-4 Registration Statement filed April 22, 1998, File No. 333-50653); Forms of Second and Third
Supplemental Indentures, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibits 4.6 and 4.13, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.5 

 Indenture, dated May 1, 1971, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank and
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company)) (Exhibit (5) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-5012); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 1, 1989 (Exhibit (5) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-7651);
Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 1993 (Exhibit (4) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-8167); Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 1993 (Exhibit (4) to Certificate of Notification at Commission
File No. 70-8167); Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 28, 2000 (Exhibit (4A)(iii), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed March 7, 2000, File No. 1-3196); Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 19, 2001
(Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003 filed November 7, 2003, File No. 1-3196); Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.6 

 Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York)
(Exhibit (4), Certificate of Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); First Supplemental Indenture dated
January 28, 2000 (Exhibit (4A)(ii), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed
March 7, 2000, File No. 1-3196); Securities Resolution No. 1 effective as of April 12, 1995 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed April 21, 1995, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 7 3 /8% Debentures Due April 1, 2005); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of October 16, 1996 (Exhibit
2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6 7 /8% Debentures Due October 15, 2006); Securities Resolution No. 3 effective as of December 10, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the
6 5 /8% Debentures Due December 1, 2008);
Securities Resolution No. 4 effective as of December 9, 1997 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80% Debentures Due December 15, 2027); Securities Resolution No. 5 effective as of
October 20, 1998 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 22, 1998, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6% Debentures Due October 15, 2010); Securities Resolution No. 6 effective as of September 21, 1999 (Exhibit 4A(iv), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed March 7, 2000, File No. 1-3196, and relating to the
7 1 /4% Notes Due October 1, 2004); Second
Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.7 

 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase
Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 22, 2000,
File No. 1-8489); Forms of Second and Third Supplemental Indentures, dated July 1, 2000 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed July 11, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.2,
Form 8-K filed September 8, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Form of Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated October 1,
2000 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed October 12, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Form of Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 24, 2001, File No. 1-8489); Form of Ninth Supplemental
Indenture, dated May 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 25, 2001, File No. 1-8489); Form of Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 18, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Form
of 

 X 

 154 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 25, 2002, File No. 1- 8489); Form of Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated
September 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 16, 2002 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed September 17, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Fourteenth
Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed August 20, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Fifteenth and Sixteenth Supplemental Indentures, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed
December 13, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Seventeenth and Eighteenth Supplemental Indentures, dated February 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489; Forms of Twentieth and Twenty-First
Supplemental Indentures, dated March 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003,
File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 10, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Twenty-Fifth and Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indentures, dated
January 1, 2004 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 14, 2004, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2004 (Exhibit 4.2, Form S-4 Registration Statement filed November 10,
2004, File No. 333-120339); Forms of Twenty-Eighth and Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2005 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated
July 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 12, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 26, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Forms of
Thirty-Second and Thirty-Third Supplemental Indentures, dated November 1, 2006 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 13, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed November 29, 2007, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Thirty-Fifth, Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibits 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4, Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489);
Form of Thirty-Eighth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 26, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture Amending the Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture,
dated December 1, 2008 and effective as of December 16, 2008 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed December 5, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed
August 12, 2009, File No. 1-8489); Fortieth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 2, 2010, File No. 1-8489); Forty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011(Exhibit 4.3, Form
8-K, filed March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489);Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit
4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 15, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated
September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh
Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 4.8 

 Indenture, dated April 1, 2001, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to Bank One Trust Company, National Association)
(Exhibit 4.1, Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 22, 2000, File No. 333-52602); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 12, 2001, File No. 1-3196); Forms of Second and
Third Supplemental Indentures, dated October 25, 2001 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed October 23, 2001, File No. 1-3196); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 22, 2002, File
No. 1-3196); Form of Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 25, 2003, File No. 1-3196); Form of Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2004 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
November 16, 2004, File No. 1-3196); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.9 

 Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit
4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489);
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Form of Third Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.10 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 23, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File
No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 155 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 4.11 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated September 29, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1,
2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011,
File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.12 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 17, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.1 

 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.2 

 DRS Services Agreement, dated as of January 2012, between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.3 

 Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.4 

 $3.0 billion Three-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated September 24, 2010 among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Capital, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed September 28, 2010, File No. 1-8489
and File No. 1-2255), as amended October 1, 2011 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.5 

 $500 million Three-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated September 24, 2010 among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Keybank National Association, as
Administrative Agent, Bayerische Landesbank, New York Branch, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein. (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed September 28, 2010, File No. 1-8489 and File No.
1-2255), as amended October 1, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.6 

 Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State
of New York, the State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 filed May 9,
2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.7* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.8* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, effective April 22, 1997, as amended and restated effective July 20, 2001 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2001 filed August 3, 2001, File No. 1-8489), as amended June 20, 2007 (Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.5, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.9* 

 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company, amended and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1,
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255), as amended March 31, 2006 (Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.10* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.6, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.11* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.12* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.8, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489), amended January 19,
2006 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 filed March 2, 2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 1, 2006 and further amended January 1, 2007 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 156 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 10.13* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.9, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489), as amended
January 1, 2007 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17,
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.20, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.14* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Stock Accumulation Plan for Outside Directors, amended as of February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.15, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed
March 1, 2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.15* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors Stock Compensation Plan, as amended February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.16, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed March 1,
2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.16* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors’ Deferred Cash Compensation Plan, as amended and in effect September 20, 2002 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2002 filed November 8, 2002, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.17* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors’ Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008 (Exhibit 10.21, Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.21, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No.
1-8489), as amended and restated effective December 17, 2009 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 filed February 26, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.18* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Leadership Stock Option Plan, effective July 1, 2000, as amended and restated effective July 20, 2001 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2001 filed August 3, 2001, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.19* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and restated February 18, 2011 (Exhibit 10.22, Form 10-K filed February 28, 2011,
File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.20* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Security Option Plan, effective January 1, 2003, amended December 31, 2004 and restated effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 8-K filed December
23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.21* 

 Letter agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Thomas F. Farrell II, dated February 27, 2003 (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March
20, 2003, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 16, 2005 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 16, 2005, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.22* 

 Employment agreement dated February 13, 2007 between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Mark F. McGettrick (Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.23* 

 Supplemental retirement agreement dated October 22, 2003 between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Paul D. Koonce (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003 filed March 1, 2004, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.24* 

 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated December 12, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and David A. Christian (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001 filed March 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.25* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Grant under 2007 Long-Term Compensation Program approved March 30, 2007 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 5, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.26* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2008 Long-Term Compensation Program approved March 27, 2008 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 2, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.27* 

 Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., approved by the Dominion Resources, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008
(Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 157 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 10.28* 

 2009 Performance Grant Plan under 2009 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 26, 2009 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.29* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2009 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 26, 2009 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2009, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.30* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, originally effective May 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.32, Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.31* 

 2010 Performance Grant Plan under 2010 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 21, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 22, 2010, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.32* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2010 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 21, 2010 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 22, 2010, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.33* 

 Supplemental Retirement Agreement with Mark F. McGettrick effective May 19, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.34* 

 2011 Performance Grant Plan under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.35* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.36* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Mark F. McGettrick, Paul D. Koonce and David A. Christian under the 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan approved December 17,
2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 21, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.37* 

 2012 Performance Grant Plan under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.38* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-term incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.39* 

 2013 Performance Grant Plan under 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 25,
2013, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.40* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K
filed January 25, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.41* 

 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Thomas F. Farrell II, dated December 17, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.42* 

 Base salaries for named executive officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 10.43* 

 Non-employee directors’ annual compensation for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.a 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.b 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.c 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and dividends for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 21 

 Subsidiaries of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 X 

 23 

 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith). 

 X 

 X 

 31.a 

 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 31.b 

 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 31.c 

 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 31.d 

 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 32.a 

 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 158 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 32.b 

 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.1 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Earnings Release Kit (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.2 

 Supplemental Summary of 2012 Operating Earnings (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.3 

 Towers Watson Energy Services Survey participants (filed herewith). 

 X 

 101^ 

 The following financial statements from Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed on
February 28, 2013, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders’ Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (v) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 X 

 X 

 * 

 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

 ^ 

 This exhibit will not be deemed “filed” by Virginia Electric and Power Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such exhibit will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or Securities Exchange Act, except to the extent that Virginia Electric and
Power Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

 159 

 Table of Contents 

 Signatures 

 D OMINION 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 

 By: 

 / S / T HOMAS F. F ARRELL 
II 

 (Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 Date: February 28, 2013 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 28th day
of February, 2013. 

 Signature 

 Title 

 / S / T HOMAS F. F ARRELL 
II 
 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief 
 Executive Officer 

 / S / W ILLIAM P.
B ARR 
 William P. Barr 

 Director 

 / S / P ETER W.
B ROWN 
 Peter W. Brown 

 Director 

 / S / H ELEN E.
D RAGAS 
 Helen E. Dragas 

 Director 

 / S / J OHN W.
H ARRIS 
 John W. Harris 

 Director 

 / S / R OBERT S. J EPSON ,
J R . 
 Robert S. Jepson, Jr. 

 Director 

 / S / M ARK J.
K INGTON 
 Mark J. Kington 

 Director 

 / S / R OBERT H.
S PILMAN , J R . 
 Robert H. Spilman,
Jr. 

 Director 

 / S / M ICHAEL E.
S ZYMANCZYK 
 Michael E. Szymanczyk 

 Director 

 / S / D AVID A.
W OLLARD 
 David A. Wollard 

 Director 

 / S / M ARK F.
M C G ETTRICK 
 Mark F.
McGettrick 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 / S / A SHWINI 
S AWHNEY 
 Ashwini Sawhney 

 Vice President—Accounting and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) 

 160 

 Table of Contents 

 V IRGINIA P OWER 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 

 By: 

 / S / T HOMAS F. F ARRELL 
II 

 (Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman of the Board 

 of Directors and Chief Executive Officer) 

 Date: February 28, 2013 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 28th day
of February, 2013. 

 Signature 

 Title 

 / S / T HOMAS F. F ARRELL 
II 
 Thomas F. Farrell II 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

 / S / M ARK F.
M C G ETTRICK 
 Mark F.
McGettrick 

 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 / S / A SHWINI 
S AWHNEY 
 Ashwini Sawhney 

 Vice President-Accounting (Chief Accounting Officer) 

 / S / S TEVEN A.
R OGERS 
 Steven A. Rogers 

 Director 

 161 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 2 

 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc., Dominion Energy, Inc., Dominion Transmission, Inc. and CONSOL Energy Holdings LLC VI (Exhibit 99.1, Form 8-K filed
March 15, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.1.a 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated, effective May 20, 2010 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.1.b 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on March 3, 2011 (Exhibit 3.1b, Form 10-Q filed April 29, 2011, File No.
1-2255). 

 X 

 3.2.a 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective December 13, 2011 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed December 14, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 3.2.b 

 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 4 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any other instrument with respect to
long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of either of their total consolidated assets. 

 X 

 X 

 4.1.a 

 See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 

 X 

 4.1.b 

 See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 

 X 

 4.2 

 Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 4.3 

 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File No. 333-47119); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 1998 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
June 12, 1998, File No. 1-2255); Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 1999 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 4, 1999, File No. 1-2255); Form of Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 1999 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed October 27, 1999, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Fourth and Fifth Supplemental Indentures, dated March 1, 2001 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 26, 2001, File No. 1-2255); Form of Sixth Supplemental
Indenture, dated January 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2002, File No. 1-2255); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255);
Form of Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed February 27, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Ninth and Tenth Supplemental Indentures, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form
8-K filed December 4, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Form of Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 11, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Twelfth and Thirteenth Supplemental Indentures,
dated January 1, 2006 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of
Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 10, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Forms of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Supplemental Indentures, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3,
Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 15, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and Amending
Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 5, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 24, 2009, File No. 1-2255); Form of
Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 1, 2010, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed
January 12, 2012, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1,
2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 4.4 

 Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 1997 

 X 

 162 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 (Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-4 Registration Statement filed April 22, 1998, File No. 333-50653); Forms of Second and Third Supplemental Indentures, dated January
1, 2001 (Exhibits 4.6 and 4.13, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 

 4.5 

 Indenture, dated May 1, 1971, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank and
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company)) (Exhibit (5) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-5012); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 1, 1989 (Exhibit (5) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-7651);
Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 1993 (Exhibit (4) to Certificate of Notification at Commission File No. 70-8167); Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 1993 (Exhibit (4) to Certificate of Notification at Commission
File No. 70-8167); Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 28, 2000 (Exhibit (4A)(iii), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed March 7, 2000, File No. 1-3196); Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 19, 2001
(Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003 filed November 7, 2003, File No. 1-3196); Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.6 

 Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York)
(Exhibit (4), Certificate of Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); First Supplemental Indenture dated January 28, 2000 (Exhibit (4A)(ii), Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed March 7,
2000, File No. 1-3196); Securities Resolution No. 1 effective as of April 12, 1995 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed April 21, 1995, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 7 3 /8% Debentures Due April 1, 2005); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of October 16, 1996 (Exhibit
2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6 7 /8% Debentures Due October 15, 2006); Securities Resolution No. 3 effective as of December 10, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the
6 5 /8% Debentures Due December 1, 2008);
Securities Resolution No. 4 effective as of December 9, 1997 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80% Debentures Due December 15, 2027); Securities Resolution No. 5 effective as of
October 20, 1998 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 22, 1998, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6% Debentures Due October 15, 2010); Securities Resolution No. 6 effective as of September 21, 1999 (Exhibit 4A(iv), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 filed March 7, 2000, File No. 1-3196, and relating to the
7 1 /4% Notes Due October 1, 2004); Second
Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.7 

 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase
Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 22, 2000, File No.
1-8489); Forms of Second and Third Supplemental Indentures, dated July 1, 2000 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed July 11, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
September 8, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2000 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Form of Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated October 1, 2000 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed October 12, 2000, File No. 1-8489); Form of Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 24, 2001, File No. 1-8489); Form of Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated
May 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 25, 2001, File No. 1-8489); Form of Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 18, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Form of Eleventh Supplemental
Indenture, dated June 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 25, 2002, File No. 1- 8489); Form of Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 11, 2002, File No. 1-8489);
Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 16, 2002 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed September 17, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed August 20, 2003,
File No. 1-8489); Forms of Fifteenth and Sixteenth Supplemental Indentures, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 13, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Seventeenth and Eighteenth Supplemental Indentures,
dated February 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489; Forms of Twentieth and Twenty-First Supplemental Indentures, dated March 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4,
2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit
4.2, 

 X 

 163 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 Form 8-K filed December 10, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Twenty-Fifth and Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indentures, dated January 1, 2004 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K
filed January 14, 2004, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2004 (Exhibit 4.2, Form S-4 Registration Statement filed November 10, 2004, File No. 333-120339); Forms of Twenty-Eighth and
Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2005 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 12,
2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 26, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Thirty-Second and Thirty-Third Supplemental Indentures, dated
November 1, 2006 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 13, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 29, 2007, File No. 1-8489);
Forms of Thirty-Fifth, Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibits 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4, Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Eighth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated
November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 26, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture Amending the Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2008 and effective as of December 16,
2008 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed December 5, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2009, File No. 1-8489); Fortieth Supplemental
Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 2, 2010, File No. 1-8489); Forty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011(Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489);
Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489);Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011,
File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 15, 2011, File
No. 1-8489); Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed
September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012
(Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 4.8 

 Indenture, dated April 1, 2001, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to Bank One Trust Company, National Association)
(Exhibit 4.1, Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 22, 2000, File No. 333-52602); Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 12, 2001, File No. 1-3196); Forms of Second and
Third Supplemental Indentures, dated October 25, 2001 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed October 23, 2001, File No. 1-3196); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 22, 2002, File
No. 1-3196); Form of Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 25, 2003, File No. 1-3196); Form of Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2004 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
November 16, 2004, File No. 1-3196); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2007 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed July 3, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.9 

 Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit
4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489);
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Form of Third Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.10 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 23, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File
No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 4.11 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated September 29, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1,
2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011,
File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 164 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 4.12 

 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 17, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.1 

 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.2 

 DRS Services Agreement, dated as of January 2012, between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.3 

 Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.4 

 $3.0 billion Three-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated September 24, 2010 among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Capital, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed September 28, 2010, File No. 1-8489
and File No. 1-2255), as amended October 1, 2011 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.5 

 $500 million Three-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated September 24, 2010 among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Keybank National Association, as
Administrative Agent, Bayerische Landesbank, New York Branch, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein. (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed September 28, 2010, File No. 1-8489 and File No.
1-2255), as amended October 1, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.6 

 Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State
of New York, the State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 filed May 9, 2003,
File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.7* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File
No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.8* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, effective April 22, 1997, as amended and restated effective July 20, 2001 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2001 filed August 3, 2001, File No. 1-8489), as amended June 20, 2007 (Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.5, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.9* 

 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company, amended and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1,
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255), as amended March 31, 2006 (Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.10* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.6, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.11* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.12* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.8, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489), amended January 19,
2006 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 filed March 2, 2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 1, 2006 and further amended January 1, 2007 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.13* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.9, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489), as amended
January 1, 2007 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File 

 X 

 X 

 165 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489
and Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed
February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.20, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 

 10.14* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Stock Accumulation Plan for Outside Directors, amended as of February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.15, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed
March 1, 2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.15* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors Stock Compensation Plan, as amended February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.16, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed March 1,
2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.16* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors’ Deferred Cash Compensation Plan, as amended and in effect September 20, 2002 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2002 filed November 8, 2002, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.17* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors’ Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008 (Exhibit 10.21, Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.21, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No.
1-8489), as amended and restated effective December 17, 2009 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 filed February 26, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.18* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Leadership Stock Option Plan, effective July 1, 2000, as amended and restated effective July 20, 2001 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2001 filed August 3, 2001, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.19* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and restated February 18, 2011 (Exhibit 10.22, Form 10-K filed February 28, 2011,
File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.20* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Security Option Plan, effective January 1, 2003, amended December 31, 2004 and restated effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 8-K filed December
23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.21* 

 Letter agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Thomas F. Farrell II, dated February 27, 2003 (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March
20, 2003, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 16, 2005 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 16, 2005, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.22* 

 Employment agreement dated February 13, 2007 between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Mark F. McGettrick (Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 10.23* 

 Supplemental retirement agreement dated October 22, 2003 between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Paul D. Koonce (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003 filed March 1, 2004, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.24* 

 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated December 12, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and David A. Christian (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001 filed March 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 10.25* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Grant under 2007 Long-Term Compensation Program approved March 30, 2007 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 5, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.26* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2008 Long-Term Compensation Program approved March 27, 2008 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 2, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 166 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 10.27* 

 Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., approved by the Dominion Resources, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008
(Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.28* 

 2009 Performance Grant Plan under 2009 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 26, 2009 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2009, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.29* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2009 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 26, 2009 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 29, 2009, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.30* 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, originally effective May 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.32, Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 

 X 

 X 

 10.31* 

 2010 Performance Grant Plan under 2010 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 21, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 22, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.32* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2010 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 21, 2010 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 22, 2010, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.33* 

 Supplemental Retirement Agreement with Mark F. McGettrick effective May 19, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.34* 

 2011 Performance Grant Plan under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.35* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.36* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Mark F. McGettrick, Paul D. Koonce and David A. Christian under the 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan approved
December 17, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 21, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.37* 

 2012 Performance Grant Plan under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.38* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-term incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.39* 

 2013 Performance Grant Plan under 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 25,
2013, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.40* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K
filed January 25, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.41* 

 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Thomas F. Farrell II, dated December 17, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 

 X 

 X 

 10.42* 

 Base salaries for named executive officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 10.43* 

 Non-employee directors’ annual compensation for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.a 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.b 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 12.c 

 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and dividends for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 21 

 Subsidiaries of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 

 X 

 X 

 23 

 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith). 

 X 

 X 

 31.a 

 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 31.b 

 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 31.c 

 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 167 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Description 

 Dominion 

 Virginia 
 Power 

 31.d 

 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

 X 

 32.a 

 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 32.b 

 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.1 

 Dominion Resources, Inc. Earnings Release Kit (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.2 

 Supplemental Summary of 2012 Operating Earnings (furnished herewith). 

 X 

 99.3 

 Towers Watson Energy Services Survey participants (filed herewith). 

 X 

 101^ 

 The following financial statements from Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed on
February 28, 2013, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders’ Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (v) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 X 

 X 

 * 

 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

 ^ 

 This exhibit will not be deemed “filed” by Virginia Electric and Power Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such exhibit will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or Securities Exchange Act, except to the extent that Virginia Electric and
Power Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

 168