# DOC 10-K 申報日 2013-02-12 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001047469-13-000878
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/765880/000104746913000878/a2212749z10-k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 a2212749z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

 ý 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 or 

 o 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period
from to 

 Commission file number 1-08895 

 HCP, Inc.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 

 33-0091377 

 (State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.) 

 3760 Kilroy Airport Way, Suite 300

Long Beach, California 

 90806
 (Zip Code) 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code (562) 733-5100 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class 

 Name of each exchange

on which registered 

 Common Stock 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No ý 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant; (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ý 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

 Large accelerated filer ý 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 
 (Do not check if a smaller

reporting company) 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes o 
No ý 

 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter:
$18.8 billion. 

 As
of February 4, 2013 there were 453,379,156 shares of common stock outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions
of the definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant's 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. 

 Table of Contents 

 Page

Number 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 

 Business 

 3 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 13 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 26 

 Item 2. 

 Properties 

 26 

 Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 32 

 Item 4. 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 32 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 33 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 35 

 Item 7. 

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 36 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 67 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 69 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 69 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 69 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information 

 72 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 72 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 72 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 72 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 73 

 Item 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 73 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

 73 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 PART I 

 All references in this report to "HCP," the "Company," "we," "us" or "our" mean HCP, Inc. together with
its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "HCP, Inc." mean the parent company without its
subsidiaries. 

 ITEM 1. Business 

 Business Overview 

 HCP, an S&P 500 company, invests primarily in real estate serving the healthcare industry in the United States. We are a
Maryland corporation organized in 1985 to qualify as a self-administered real estate investment trust ("REIT"). We are headquartered in Long Beach, California, with offices in Nashville,
Tennessee and San Francisco, California. We acquire, develop, lease, manage and dispose of healthcare real estate, and provide financing to healthcare providers. Our portfolio is comprised of
investments in the following five healthcare segments: (i) senior housing, (ii) post-acute/skilled nursing, (iii) life science, (iv) medical office and
(v) hospital. We make investments within our healthcare segments using the following five investment products: (i) properties under lease, (ii) debt investments,
(iii) developments and redevelopments, (iv) investment management and (v) investments in senior housing operations utilizing the structure permitted by the Housing and Economic
Recovery Act of 2008, which is commonly referred to as "RIDEA." 

 The
delivery of healthcare services requires real estate and, as a result, tenants and operators depend on real estate, in part, to maintain and grow their businesses. We believe that
the healthcare real estate market provides investment opportunities due to the following: 

 • Compelling demographics driving the demand for healthcare services; 

 • Specialized nature of healthcare real estate investing; and 

 • Ongoing consolidation of a fragmented healthcare real estate sector. 

 Our
website address is www.hcpi.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the United States
("U.S.") Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 

 Healthcare Industry 

 Healthcare is the single largest industry in the U.S. based on Gross Domestic Product ("GDP"). According to the National Health
Expenditures report by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"): (i) national health expenditures are projected to grow 3.8% in 2013 and 7.4% in 2014; (ii) the average
compounded annual growth rate for national health expenditures, over the projection period of 2015 through 2021, is anticipated to be 6.2%; and (iii) the healthcare industry is projected to
represent 17.8% of U.S. GDP in 2013. 

 Senior
citizens are the largest consumers of healthcare services. According to CMS, on a per capita basis, the 75-year and older segment of the population spends 76% more on
healthcare than the 65 to 74-year-old segment and over 200% more than the population average. 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 U.S. Population Over 65 Years Old 

 Source:
U.S. Census Bureau, the Statistical Abstract of the United States. 

 Business Strategy 

 Our primary goal is to increase shareholder value through profitable growth, which allows us to maintain or increase dividends per
share to our shareholders. Our investment strategy to achieve this goal is based on three principles: (i) opportunistic investing, (ii) portfolio diversification and
(iii) conservative financing. 

 Opportunistic Investing 

 We make investment decisions that are expected to drive profitable growth and create shareholder value. We attempt to position
ourselves to create and take advantage of situations to meet our goals and investment criteria. 

 Portfolio Diversification 

 We believe in maintaining a portfolio of healthcare investments diversified by segment, geography, operator, tenant and investment
product. We monitor, but do not limit, our investments based on the percentage of our total assets that may be invested in any one property type, investment product, geographic location, the number of
properties which we may lease to a single operator or tenant, or loans we may make to a single borrower. With investments in multiple segments and investment products, we can focus on opportunities
with the most attractive risk/reward profile for the portfolio as a whole. We may structure transactions as master leases, require operator or tenant insurance and indemnifications, obtain credit
enhancements in the form of guarantees, letters of credit or security deposits, and take other measures to mitigate risk. 

 Conservative Financing 

 We believe a conservative balance sheet is important to our ability to execute our opportunistic investing approach. We strive to
maintain a conservative balance sheet by actively managing our debt-to-equity levels and maintaining multiple sources of liquidity, such as our revolving line of credit
facility, access to capital markets and secured
debt lenders, relationships with current and prospective institutional joint venture partners, and our ability to divest of assets. Our debt obligations are primarily fixed rate with staggered
maturities, which reduces the impact of rising interest rates on our operations. 

 We
finance our investments based on our evaluation of available sources of funding. For short-term purposes, we may utilize our revolving line of credit facility or arrange
for other short-term borrowings from banks or other sources. We arrange for longer-term financing through offerings of 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 equity
and debt securities, placement of mortgage debt and capital from other institutional lenders and equity investors. 

 We
specifically incorporate by reference into this section the information set forth in Item 7, "2012 Transaction Overview," included elsewhere in this report. 

 Competition 

 Investing in real estate serving the healthcare industry is highly competitive. We face competition from other REITs, investment
companies, pension funds, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders, developers and other institutional investors, some of whom may have greater resources
and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives. Our ability to compete
may also be impacted by national and local economic trends, availability of investment alternatives, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, existing laws and regulations,
new legislation and population trends. 

 Income
from our facilities is dependent on the ability of our operators and tenants to compete with other companies on a number of different levels, including: the quality of care
provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price and range of services offered, alternatives for healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral
sources, location, the size and demographics of the population in surrounding areas, and the financial condition of our tenants and operators. Private, federal and state payment programs as well as
the effect of laws and regulations may also have a significant influence on the profitability of our tenants and operators. For a discussion of the risks associated with competitive conditions
affecting our business, see "Risk Factors" in Item 1A. 

 Healthcare Segments 

 Senior housing. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 441 senior housing facilities, 21 of which are in a RIDEA structure.
Excluding RIDEA
properties, all of our senior housing facilities are leased to single tenants under triple-net lease structures. Senior housing facilities include assisted living facilities ("ALFs"),
independent living facilities ("ILFs") and continuing care retirement communities ("CCRCs"), which cater to different segments of the elderly population based upon their personal needs. Services
provided by our operators or tenants in these facilities are primarily paid for by the residents directly or through private insurance and are less reliant on government reimbursement programs such as
Medicaid and Medicare. Our senior housing property types are further described below: 

 • Assisted Living Facilities. ALFs are licensed care
facilities that provide personal care services, support and housing for those who need help with activities of daily living ("ADL"), such as bathing, eating and dressing, yet require
limited medical care. The programs and services may include transportation, social activities, exercise and fitness programs, beauty or barber shop access, hobby and craft activities, community
excursions, meals in a dining room setting and other activities sought by residents. These facilities are often in apartment-like buildings with private residences ranging from single
rooms to large apartments. Certain ALFs may offer higher levels of personal assistance for residents requiring memory care as a result of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia. Levels of
personal assistance are based in part on local regulations. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 363 ALFs. 

 • Independent Living Facilities. ILFs are designed to meet
the needs of seniors who choose to live in an environment surrounded by their peers with services such as housekeeping, meals and activities. These residents generally do not need assistance with ADL.
However, in some of our 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

 facilities,
residents have the option to contract for these services. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 64 ILFs. 

 • Continuing Care Retirement Communities. CCRCs provide
housing and health-related services under long-term contracts. This alternative is appealing to residents as it eliminates the need for relocating when health and medical needs change,
thus allowing residents to "age in place." Some CCRCs require a substantial entry or buy-in fee and most also charge monthly maintenance fees in exchange for a living unit, meals and some
health services. CCRCs typically require the individual to be in relatively good health and independent upon entry. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 14 CCRCs. 

 During
the fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired 129 senior housing communities for $1.7 billion, from a joint venture between Emeritus Corporation and Blackstone Real Estate
Partners VI, an affiliate of Blackstone (the "Blackstone JV"). Located in 29 states, the portfolio encompasses 10,077 units representing a diversified care mix of 61% assisted living, 25% independent
living, 13% memory care and 1% skilled nursing. Emeritus continues to operate the communities pursuant to a new triple-net, master lease for the 129 properties guaranteed by Emeritus. For
a more detailed description of the acquisition see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our
senior housing segment accounted for approximately 33%, 30% and 30% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The following table
provides information about our senior housing operator concentration for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Operators

 Percentage of

Segment Revenues 

 Percentage of

Total Revenues 

 HCR ManorCare, Inc. ("HCR ManorCare") (1) 

 11 

 30 

 Emeritus Corporation ("Emeritus") (2) 

 23 

 8 

 Sunrise Senior Living Inc. ("Sunrise") (3) 

 15 

 5 

 Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. ("Brookdale") (4) 

 14 

 5 

 (1) Percentage
of total revenues includes revenues earned from both our senior housing and post-acute/skilled nursing facilities leased to HCR
ManorCare.

 (2) Percentage
of total revenues from Emeritus includes partial results for Blackstone JV acquisition. Assuming that full-year results were included
for this acquisition in our 2012 revenues, the percentage of segment revenues and total revenues would be 36% and 12%, respectively.

 (3) Certain
of our properties are leased to tenants who have entered into management contracts with Sunrise to operate the respective property on their behalf.
To determine our concentration of revenues generated from properties operated by Sunrise, we aggregate revenue from these tenants with revenue generated from the two properties that are leased
directly to Sunrise.

 (4) Brookdale
percentages do not include $143 million of senior housing revenues, related to 21 senior housing facilities that Brookdale operates on our
behalf under a RIDEA structure. Assuming that these revenues were attributable to Brookdale, the percentage of combined segment and total revenues associated Brookdale would be 36% and 12%
respectively. 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 312 post-acute/skilled nursing facilities
("SNFs"). SNFs offer restorative, rehabilitative and custodial nursing care for people not requiring the more extensive and sophisticated treatment available at hospitals. Ancillary revenues and
revenues from sub-acute care services are derived from providing services to residents beyond room and board and include occupational, physical, speech, respiratory and intravenous
therapy, wound care, oncology treatment, brain injury care and orthopedic therapy as well as sales of pharmaceutical products and other services. Certain SNFs provide some of the foregoing services on
an out-patient basis. Post-acute/skilled nursing services provided by our operators and tenants in these facilities are primarily paid for either by private sources or through
the Medicare and Medicaid programs. All of our SNFs are leased to single tenants under triple-net lease structures. 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
post-acute/skilled nursing segment accounted for approximately 29%, 29% and 13% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. The following table provides information about our post-acute/skilled nursing operator/tenant concentration for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Operators/Tenants and Borrowers

 Percentage of

Segment Revenues 

 Percentage of

Total Revenues 

 HCR ManorCare (1) 

 90 

 30 

 (1) Percentage
of total revenues includes revenues earned from both senior housing and post-acute/skilled nursing facilities leased to HCR
ManorCare. 

 Life science. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 113 life science properties, including four facilities owned by our
Investment
Management Platform. These properties contain laboratory and office space primarily for biotechnology, medical device and pharmaceutical companies, scientific research institutions, government
agencies and other organizations involved in the life science industry. While these properties contain similar characteristics to commercial office buildings, they generally contain more advanced
electrical, mechanical, and heating, ventilating, and air conditioning ("HVAC") systems. The facilities generally have specialty equipment including emergency generators, fume hoods, lab bench tops
and related amenities. In many instances, life science tenants make significant investments to improve their leased space, in addition to landlord improvements, to accommodate biology, chemistry or
medical device research initiatives. Life science properties are primarily configured in business park or campus settings and include multiple buildings. The business park and campus settings allow us
the opportunity to provide flexible, contiguous/adjacent expansion to accommodate the growth of existing tenants. Our properties are located in well-established geographical markets known
for scientific research, including San Francisco, San Diego and Salt Lake City. At December 31, 2012, 96% of our life science leases (based on leased square feet) were under
triple-net structures. 

 Our
life science segment accounted for approximately 15%, 17% and 22% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The following table
provides information about our life science tenant concentration for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Tenants

 Percentage of

Segment Revenues 

 Percentage of

Total Revenues 

 Genentech, Inc. 

 19 

 3 

 Amgen, Inc. 

 18 

 3 

 Medical office. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 273 medical office buildings ("MOBs"), including 66 facilities owned by
our
Investment Management Platform. These facilities typically contain physicians' offices and examination rooms, and may also include pharmacies, hospital ancillary service space and outpatient services
such as diagnostic centers, rehabilitation clinics and day-surgery operating rooms. While these facilities are similar to commercial office buildings, they require additional plumbing,
electrical and mechanical systems to accommodate multiple exam rooms that may require sinks in every room, and special equipment such as x-ray machines. In addition, MOBs are often built
to accommodate higher structural loads for certain equipment and may contain "vaults" or other specialized construction. Our MOBs are typically multi-tenant properties leased to healthcare providers
(hospitals and physician practices), with approximately 77% of our MOBs, based on square feet, located on hospital campuses and 94% are affiliated with hospital systems. At December 31, 2012,
47% of our medical office leases (based on leased square feet) were under triple-net structures. 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
medical office segment accounted for approximately 18%, 19% and 25% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. During the year ended
December 31, 2012, HCA, Inc. ("HCA"), as our tenant, contributed 14% of our medical office segment revenues. 

 Our
Investment Management Platform represents the following unconsolidated joint ventures: (i) HCP Ventures III, LLC, and HCP Ventures IV, LLC, which
consists of MOB portfolios, and (ii) the HCP Life Science ventures. For a more detailed description of these unconsolidated joint ventures, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Hospital. At December 31, 2012, we had interests in 21 hospitals, including four facilities owned by our Investment Management
Platform.
Services provided by our operators and tenants in these facilities are paid for by private sources, third-party payors (e.g., insurance and Health Maintenance Organizations or "HMOs"), or
through the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Our hospital property types include acute care, long-term acute care, specialty and rehabilitation hospitals. Our hospitals are generally leased
to single tenants or operators under triple-net lease structures. 

 Our
hospital segment accounted for approximately 5%, 5% and 10% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The following table provides
information about our hospital operator/tenant concentration for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Operators/Tenants and Borrowers

 Percentage of

Segment Revenues 

 Percentage of

Total Revenues 

 HCA (1) 

 29 

 4 

 Tenet Healthcare Corporation 

 27 

 1 

 (1) Percentage
of total revenues from HCA includes revenues earned from both our medical office and hospital segments. 

 Investment Products 

 Properties under lease. We primarily generate revenue by leasing properties under long-term leases. Most of our rents and other earned
income from leases are received under triple-net leases or leases that provide for a substantial recovery of operating expenses. However, some of our MOBs and life science facility rents
are structured under gross or modified gross leases. Accordingly, for such gross or modified gross leases, we incur certain property operating expenses, such as real estate taxes, repairs and
maintenance, property management fees, utilities and insurance. 

 Our
ability to grow income from properties under lease depends, in part, on our ability to (i) increase rental income and other earned income from leases by increasing rental
rates and occupancy levels, (ii) maximize tenant recoveries and (iii) control non-recoverable operating expenses. Most of our leases include contractual annual base rent
escalation clauses that are either predetermined fixed increases and/or are a function of an inflation index. 

 Debt investments. Our mezzanine loans are generally secured by a pledge of ownership interests of an entity or entities, which directly
or indirectly
own properties, and are subordinate to more senior debt, including mortgages and more senior mezzanine loans. Borrowers of our interests in mortgage and construction loans are typically healthcare
providers and healthcare real estate generally secures these loans. 

 Developments and redevelopments. We generally commit to development projects that are at least 50% pre-leased or when we believe that
market conditions will support speculative construction. We work closely with our local real estate service providers, including brokerage, property management, project management and construction
management companies to assist us in evaluating development proposals and completing developments. Our development and redevelopment investments are primarily in our life science and medical office
segments. Redevelopments are properties that require 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 significant
capital expenditures (generally more than 25% of acquisition cost or existing basis) to update, achieve stabilization or to change the primary use of the properties. 

 Investment management. We co-invest in real estate properties with institutional investors through joint ventures structured as
partnerships or limited liability companies. We target institutional investors with long-term investment horizons who seek to benefit from our expertise in healthcare real estate.
Predominantly, we retain noncontrolling interests in the joint ventures ranging from 20% to 30% and serve as the managing member. These ventures generally allow us to earn acquisition and asset
management fees, and have the potential for promoted interests or incentive distributions based on performance of the joint venture. 

 Operating properties ("RIDEA"). We may enter into contracts with healthcare operators to manage communities that are placed in a
structure permitted
by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (commonly referred to as "RIDEA"). Under the provisions of RIDEA, a REIT may lease "qualified healthcare properties" on an arm's length basis to a
taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS") if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an "eligible independent contractor." We view RIDEA as a structure primarily to be
used on properties that present attractive valuation entry points and to drive growth by: (i) transitioning the asset to a new operator that can bring scale, operating efficiencies, and/or
ancillary services; or (ii) investing capital to reposition the asset. 

 Portfolio Summary 

 At December 31, 2012, we managed $21.3 billion of investments in our Owned Portfolio and Investment Management Platform.
At December 31, 2012, we also owned $540 million of assets under development, including redevelopment, and land held for future development. 

 Owned Portfolio 

 As of December 31, 2012, our leases and operating properties and debt investments in our Owned Portfolio consisted of the
following (square feet and dollars in thousands): 

 Year Ended

December 31, 2012 

 Investment (3) 

 Number of

Properties (1) 

 Total

Investment 

 Interest

Income (5) 

 Segment

 Capacity (2) 

 Properties (1) 

 Debt 

 NOI (4) 

 Senior housing 

 441 

 45,669 Units 

 $ 

 7,543,163 

 $ 

 123,642 

 $ 

 7,666,805 

 $ 

 531,419 

 $ 

 3,503 

 Post-acute/skilled 

 312 

 41,538 Beds 

 5,669,469 

 328,905 

 5,998,374 

 538,856 

 19,993 

 Life science 

 109 

 7,002 Sq. ft. 

 3,362,298 

 — 

 3,362,298 

 236,491 

 — 

 Medical office 

 207 

 14,274 Sq. ft. 

 2,613,254 

 — 

 2,613,254 

 202,547 

 — 

 Hospital 

 17 

 2,410 Beds 

 650,937 

 46,292 

 (6) 

 697,229 

 80,980 

 1,040 

 Total 

 1,086 

 $ 

 19,839,121 

 $ 

 498,839 

 $ 

 20,337,960 

 $ 

 1,590,293 

 $ 

 24,536 

 (1) Represents
1,065 properties under lease with an investment value of $19.1 billion and 21 operating properties under a RIDEA structure with an
investment value of $759 million.

 (2) Senior
housing facilities are measured in units (e.g., studio, one or two bedroom units). Life science facilities and medical office buildings are
measured in square feet. SNFs and hospitals are measured in licensed bed count.

 (3) Property
investments represent: (i) the carrying amount of real estate and intangibles, after adding back accumulated depreciation and amortization;
and (ii) the carrying amount of direct financing leases. Debt investment represents the carrying amount of mezzanine, mortgage and other secured loan investments.

 (4) Net
Operating Income from Continuing Operations ("NOI") is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure used to evaluate the operating performance
of real estate properties. For the reconciliation of NOI to net income for 2012, refer to Note 14 in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

 Table of Contents 

 (5) Interest
income represents interest earned from our debt investments.

 (6) Includes
a senior secured loan to Delphis Operations, L.P. ("Delphis") that was placed on non-accrual status effective January 1,
2011 with a carrying value of $31 million at December 31, 2012. For a more detailed description of the senior secured loan to Delphis, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our business segments. 

 Developments and Redevelopments 

 At December 31, 2012, in addition to our investments in properties under lease and debt investments, we have an aggregate
investment of $540 million in assets under development, including redevelopment, and land held for future development, primarily in our life science and medical office segments. 

 Investment Management Platform 

 As of December 31, 2012, our Investment Management Platform consisted of the following properties under lease (square feet and
dollars in thousands): 

 Segment

 Number of

Properties 

 Capacity (1) 

 HCP's

Ownership

Interest 

 Joint Venture

Investment (2) 

 Total

Revenues 

 Total

Operating

Expenses 

 Medical office (3) 

 66 

 3,389 Sq. ft. 

 20 - 30% 

 $ 

 729,831 

 $ 

 72,421 

 $ 

 30,870 

 Life science 

 4 

 278 Sq. ft. 

 50 - 63% 

 144,489 

 10,881 

 1,513 

 Hospital 

 4 

 149 Beds 

 20% 

 81,383 

 4,001 

 963 

 Total 

 74 

 $ 

 955,703 

 $ 

 87,303 

 $ 

 33,346 

 (1) Life
science facilities and medical office buildings are measured in square feet.

 (2) Represents
the joint ventures' carrying amount of real estate and intangibles, after adding back accumulated depreciation and amortization.

 (3) During
2010, one MOB was placed into redevelopment; its statistics are not included in the medical office information. 

 Employees of HCP 

 At December 31, 2012, we had 149 full-time employees, none of whom are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 

 Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement 

 Overview 

 Our tenants and operators are typically subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations
relating to fraud and abuse practices, government reimbursement, licensure and certificate of need and similar laws governing the operation of healthcare facilities, and we expect that the healthcare
industry, in general, will continue to face increased regulation and pressure in the areas of fraud, waste and abuse, cost control, healthcare management and provision of services, among others. These
regulations are wide-ranging and can subject our tenants and operators to civil, criminal and administrative sanctions. Affected tenants and operators may find it increasingly difficult to
comply with this complex and evolving regulatory environment because of a relative lack of guidance in many areas as certain of our healthcare properties are subject to oversight from several
government agencies and the laws may vary from one jurisdiction to another. Changes in laws and regulations and reimbursement enforcement activity and regulatory non-compliance by our
tenants and 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 operators
can all have a significant effect on their operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A. 

 Based
on information primarily provided by our tenants and operators, excluding our medical office segment, at December 31, 2012 we estimate that approximately 18% and 14% of the
annualized base rental payments received from our tenants and operators were dependent on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, respectively. 

 The
following is a discussion of certain laws and regulations generally applicable to our operators, and in certain cases, to us. 

 Fraud and Abuse Enforcement 

 There are various extremely complex federal and state laws and regulations governing healthcare providers' relationships and
arrangements and prohibiting fraudulent and abusive practices by such providers. These laws include (i) federal and state false claims acts, which, among other things, prohibit providers from
filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs, (ii) federal and state anti-kickback and
fee-splitting statutes, including the Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback statute, which prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations
of healthcare items or services, (iii) federal and state physician self-referral laws (commonly referred to as the "Stark Law"), which generally prohibit referrals by physicians to
entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship, (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, the knowing
presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain healthcare services and (v) federal and state privacy laws, including the privacy and security rules contained in the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which provide for the privacy and security of personal health information. Violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws carry civil, criminal and
administrative sanctions, including punitive sanctions, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and potential exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal
or state healthcare programs. These laws are enforced by a variety of federal, state and local agencies and can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state
false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or "whistleblower" actions. Many of our operators and tenants are subject to these
laws, and some of them may in the future become the subject of governmental enforcement actions if they fail to comply with applicable laws. 

 Reimbursement 

 Sources of revenue for many of our tenants and operators include, among other sources, governmental healthcare programs, such as the
federal Medicare program and state Medicaid programs, and non-governmental payors, such as insurance carriers and HMOs. As federal and state governments focus on healthcare reform
initiatives, and as the federal government and many states face significant budget deficits, efforts to reduce costs by these payors will likely continue, which may result in reduced or slower growth
in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants and operators. 

 Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need 

 Certain healthcare facilities in our portfolio are subject to extensive federal, state and local licensure, certification and
inspection laws and regulations. In addition, various licenses and permits are required to dispense narcotics, operate pharmacies, handle radioactive materials and operate equipment. Many states
require certain healthcare providers to obtain a certificate of need, which requires prior approval for the construction, expansion and closure of certain healthcare facilities. The 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 approval
process related to state certificate of need laws may impact some of our tenants' and operators' abilities to expand or change their businesses. 

 Life Science Facilities 

 While certain of our life science tenants include some well-established companies, other such tenants are less established
and, in some cases, may not yet have a product approved by the Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authorities for commercial sale. Creating a new pharmaceutical product or medical device
requires substantial investments of time and money, in part, because of the extensive regulation of the healthcare industry; it also entails considerable risk of failure in demonstrating that the
product is safe and effective and in gaining regulatory approval and market acceptance. 

 Senior Housing Entrance Fee Communities 

 Certain of the senior housing facilities mortgaged to or owned by us are operated as entrance fee communities. Generally, an entrance
fee is an upfront fee or consideration paid by a resident, a portion of which may be refundable, in exchange for some form of long-term benefit. Some of the entrance fee communities are
subject to significant state regulatory oversight, including, for example, oversight of each facility's financial condition, establishment and monitoring of reserve requirements and other financial
restrictions, the right of
residents to cancel their contracts within a specified period of time, lien rights in favor of the residents, restrictions on change of ownership and similar matters. 

 Americans with Disabilities Act (the "ADA") 

 Our properties must comply with the ADA and any similar state or local laws to the extent that such properties are "public
accommodations" as defined in those statutes. The ADA may require removal of barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily
achievable. To date, we have not received any notices of noncompliance with the ADA that have caused us to incur substantial capital expenditures to address ADA concerns. Should barriers to access by
persons with disabilities be discovered at any of our properties, we may be directly or indirectly responsible for additional costs that may be required to make facilities ADA-compliant.
Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations pursuant to the ADA is an
ongoing one, and we continue to assess our properties and make modifications as appropriate in this respect. 

 Environmental Matters 

 A wide variety of federal, state and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations affect healthcare
facility operations. These complex federal and state statutes, and their enforcement, involve a myriad of regulations, many of which involve strict liability on the part of the potential offender.
Some of these federal and state statutes may directly impact us. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real property or a secured lender,
such as us, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as other potential costs relating
to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal or property
damages and the owner's or secured lender's liability therefore could exceed or impair the value of the property, and/or the assets of the owner or secured lender. In addition, the presence of such
substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral
which, in turn, could reduce our revenues. For a description of the risks associated with environmental matters, see "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this report. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

 The section below discusses the most significant risk factors that may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 As
set forth below, we believe that the risks facing our company generally fall into the following categories: 

 • Risks related to our business; and 

 • Risks related to tax matters, including REIT-related risks. 

 Risks Related to Our Business 

 Volatility or disruption in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real estate and
development activities. 

 The global financial markets recently have experienced pervasive and fundamental disruptions. While these conditions have stabilized
since the first quarter of 2009 and the capital markets generally have shown signs of improvement, the sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain and additional levels of market disruption
and volatility could materially adversely impact our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature and fund real estate and development
activities. 

 Market
volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments and those of our joint ventures, that may result in a substantial decrease in the value
of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to
recognize impairment charges in earnings. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs and limitations on our access to such capital could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to
meet commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

 We may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained from operations. If we are unable to obtain enough internal
capital, we may need to rely on external sources of capital (including debt and equity financing) to fulfill our capital requirements. If we cannot access these external sources of capital, we may not
be able to make the investments needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital
depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including but not limited to: 

 • general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

 • the market price of the shares of our equity securities and the credit ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

 • the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

 • our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

 • the financial integrity of our lenders, which might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their
willingness to make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

 • the stability in the market value of our properties; 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

 • the financial performance and general market perception of our operators, tenants and borrowers; 

 • changes in the credit ratings on U.S. government debt securities or default or delay in payment by the United States of
its obligations; and 

 • issues facing the healthcare industry, including, but not limited to, healthcare reform and changes in government
reimbursement policies. 

 If
our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund operations, refinance our debt obligations, fund
dividend payments, acquire properties and development activities. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market
price of our securities, including our common stock. 

 The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall
financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as the
terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings and in the event that our current credit ratings deteriorate, we would
likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings
would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 

 Our level of indebtedness may increase and materially adversely affect our future operations. 

 Our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2012 was approximately $8.7 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness
in the future, including in connection with the development or acquisition of assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of
our debt and require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce funds available
to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also limit our
ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more
vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service
obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 

 Covenants related to our indebtedness limit our operational flexibility and breaches of these covenants could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 Our unsecured credit facilities, unsecured debt securities and secured debt and other indebtedness that we may incur in the future,
require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain levels of debt service coverage and leverage ratio, tangible net worth
requirements and maintaining REIT status. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants, which
limit our operational flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to further
encumber or sell the applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of certain covenants may result in defaults under the mortgages on our properties 

 14 

 Table of Contents 

 and
cross-defaults under certain of our other indebtedness, even if we satisfy our payment obligations to the respective obligee. Additionally, defaults under the leases or operating agreements
related to mortgaged properties, including defaults associated with the bankruptcy of the applicable tenant or operator, may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under
certain of our other indebtedness. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates could increase interest cost on new debt, and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit
our acquisition, investment and development activities. 

 If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt. This increased cost could make the financing of any
acquisition and development activity more costly. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing
and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our
assets, thereby limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

 We depend on a limited number of operators and tenants that account for a large percentage of our revenues. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 48% of our revenues were generated by our leasing or financial
arrangements with the following four companies: HCR ManorCare (30%); Emeritus (8%); Sunrise (5%); and Brookdale (5%). The failure, inability or unwillingness of these operators or tenants to meet
their obligations to us could materially reduce our cash flow as well as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have
other material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 In
addition, any failure by these operators or tenants to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputation
and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. These
operators and tenants generally have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective
businesses, and we cannot provide any assurance that they will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations. 

 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas to which a greater percentage of our revenue is attributed could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 44% of our revenue was derived from properties located in California (22%),
Texas (12%) and Florida (10%). As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real
estate conditions, increased competition or decreased demand, and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 We lease our properties directly to operators in most cases, and in certain other cases, we lease to third-party tenants who enter into
long-term management agreements with operators to manage the 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 properties.
Although our leases, financing arrangements and other agreements with our tenants and operators generally provide us the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict an
operator or tenant, or demand immediate repayment of certain obligations to us, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that
may render certain of these remedies unenforceable, or at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies. For example, we cannot evict a tenant or operator solely because of its bankruptcy
filing. A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or to reject its unexpired contracts in a bankruptcy proceeding. If a debtor were to reject its leases with us, our
claim against the debtor for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which may be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed
under the lease. In addition, the inability of our tenants or operators to make payments or comply with certain other lease obligations may affect our compliance with certain covenants contained in
our debt securities, credit facilities and the mortgages on the properties leased or managed by such tenants and operators. In addition, under certain conditions, defaults under the underlying
mortgages may result in cross-default under our other indebtedness. Although we believe that we would be able to secure amendments under the applicable agreements in those circumstances, the
bankruptcy of an applicable operator or tenant may potentially result in less favorable borrowing terms than currently available, delays in the availability of funding or other material adverse
consequences. In addition, many of our facilities are leased to healthcare providers who provide long-term custodial care to the elderly; evicting such operators for failure to pay rent
while the facility is occupied may be a difficult and slow process and may not be successful. 

 Our operators and tenants may not procure the necessary insurance to adequately insure against losses. 

 Our leases generally require our tenants and operators to secure and maintain comprehensive liability and property insurance that
covers us, as well as the tenants and operators. Some types of losses may not be adequately insured by our tenants and operators. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur,
we could incur liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the
property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We continually review the insurance maintained by our
tenants and operators and believe the coverage provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry. However, we cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in
excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future. 

 Our operators and tenants are faced with litigation and may experience rising liability and insurance costs. 

 In some states, advocacy groups have been created to monitor the quality of care at healthcare facilities and these groups have brought
litigation against the operators and tenants of such facilities. Also, in several instances, private litigation by patients has succeeded in winning large damage awards for alleged abuses. The effect
of this litigation and other potential litigation may materially increase the costs incurred by our operators and tenants for monitoring and reporting quality of care compliance. In addition, their
cost of liability and medical malpractice insurance can be significant and may increase so long as the present healthcare litigation environment continues. Cost increases could cause our operators to
be unable to make their lease or mortgage payments or fail to purchase the appropriate liability and malpractice insurance, potentially decreasing our revenues and increasing our collection and
litigation costs. In addition, as a result of our ownership of healthcare facilities, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits allegedly arising from the actions of our operators or tenants, for
which claims such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against, but which may require unanticipated expenditures on our part. 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Operators and tenants that fail to comply with the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, may cease to operate or
be unable to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

 Certain of our operators and tenants are affected by an extremely complex set of federal, state and local laws and regulations that are
subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes applied retroactively) resulting from legislation, adoption of rules and regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing
law. See "Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement" above. For example, to the extent that any of our operators or tenants receive a significant
portion of their revenues from governmental payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to: 

 • statutory and regulatory changes; 

 • retroactive rate adjustments; 

 • recovery of program overpayments or set-offs; 

 • administrative rulings; 

 • policy interpretations; 

 • payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers; 

 • government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities); and 

 • interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing governmental investigations and audits at such property. 

 In
recent years, governmental payors have frozen or reduced payments to healthcare providers due to budgetary pressures. Healthcare reimbursement will likely continue to be of
significant importance to federal and state authorities. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or the effect that any future legislative reforms may have on our operators' and
tenants' costs of doing business and on the amount of reimbursement by government and other third-party payors. The failure of any of our operators or tenants to comply with these laws, requirements
and regulations could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial and contractual obligations to us. 

 Legislation to address the federal government's projected operating deficit could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results
of operations. 

 Congress may consider legislation to address the fiscal condition of the United States that may include entitlement reform, tax reform,
reductions in domestic discretionary spending, budget sequestration of certain non-defense discretionary federal programs, and an increase in the national debt limit that could have a
material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. In particular, Congress may consider legislation affecting the funding of entitlement programs such
as Medicare, Medicaid and Medicare Advantage Plans that may result in reductions in funding and reimbursements to providers; tax reform that may impact corporate and individual tax rates and
retirement plans; and an increase in the federal debt limit that may have an impact on credit markets. Additionally, the Administration may implement proposals under current law or legislation that
may be approved by Congress that could modify the delivery of services and benefits under Medicare, Medicaid or Medicare Advantage Plans. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our
operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a material adverse effect on us. 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

 Operators and tenants that fail to comply with federal, state and local licensure, certification and inspection laws and regulations may cease to operate or be unable to
meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

 Certain of our operators and tenants are subject to extensive federal, state, local and industry-related licensure, certification and
inspection laws, regulations and standards. Our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations or standards could result in loss of accreditation, denial of
reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension or decertification from federal and state healthcare programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. For example, certain of our properties may
require a license, registration and/or certificate of need to operate. Failure of any operator or tenant to obtain a license, registration or certificate of need, or loss of a required license,
registration or certificate of need, would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by such operator or tenant. Additionally, failure of our operators and tenants to generally comply
with applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on facilities owned by or mortgaged to us, and therefore may materially adversely impact us. See
"Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement—Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need" above. 

 Increased competition, as well as an inability to grow revenues as originally forecast, have resulted and may further result in lower net revenues for some of our operators
and tenants and may affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

 The healthcare industry is highly competitive and can become more competitive in the future. The occupancy levels at, and rental income
from, our facilities is dependent on our ability and the ability of our operators and tenants to maintain and increase such levels and income and to compete with entities that have substantial capital
resources. These entities compete with other operators and tenants on a number of different levels, including the quality of care provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price,
the range of services offered, family preference, alternatives for healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral sources, location and the size and demographics
of the population in the surrounding area. Private, federal and state payment programs and the effect of laws and regulations may also have a significant influence on the profitability of the
properties and their tenants. Our operators and tenants also compete with numerous other companies providing similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, life care at
home, community-based service programs, retirement communities and convalescent centers. Such competition, which has intensified due to overbuilding in some segments in which we invest, has caused the
occupancy rate of newly constructed buildings to slow and the monthly rate that many newly built and previously existing facilities were able to obtain for their services to decrease. We cannot be
certain that the operators and tenants of all of our facilities will be able to achieve occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Further, many competing
companies may have resources and attributes that are superior to those of our operators and tenants. Thus, our operators and tenants may encounter increased competition in the future that could limit
their ability to maintain or attract residents or expand their businesses which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us,
potentially decreasing our revenues, impairing our assets, and increasing our collection and dispute costs. 

 Our tenants in the life science industry face high levels of regulation, expense and uncertainty. 

 Life science tenants, particularly those involved in developing and marketing pharmaceutical products, are subject to certain unique
risks, as follows: 

 • some of our tenants require significant outlays of funds for the research, development and clinical testing of their
products and technologies. If private investors, the government or other sources of funding are unavailable to support such activities, a tenant's business may be adversely affected or fail; 
 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

 • the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of some of our tenants' products require federal,
state and foreign regulatory approvals which may be costly or difficult to obtain; 

 • even after a life science tenant gains regulatory approval and market acceptance, the product may still present
significant regulatory and liability risks, including, among others, the possible later discovery of safety concerns, competition from new products, and ultimately the expiration of patent protection
for the product; 

 • our tenants with marketable products may be adversely affected by healthcare reform and the reimbursement policies of
government or private healthcare payors; and 

 • our tenants may be unable to adequately protect their intellectual property under patent, copyright or trade secret laws. 

 We
cannot assure you that our life science tenants will be successful in their businesses. If our tenants' businesses are adversely affected, they may have difficulty making payments to
us, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be
unable to successfully operate, occupy or reposition the underlying real estate, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 

 If an operator or tenant defaults under one of our mortgages or mezzanine loans, we may have to foreclose on the loan or protect our
interest by acquiring title to the
collateral and thereafter making substantial improvements or repairs in order to maximize the property's investment potential. In some cases, as noted above, the collateral consists of the equity
interests in an entity that directly or indirectly owns the applicable real property or interests in operating facilities and, accordingly, we may not have full recourse to assets of that entity.
Operators, tenants or borrowers may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other remedies and/or bring claims for
lender liability in response to actions to enforce mortgage obligations. Foreclosure-related costs, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the facility may
prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our mortgage or mezzanine loan upon foreclosure, and we may be required to record valuation allowance for such losses. Even if we are able to successfully
foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, we may inherit properties for which we may be unable to expeditiously seek tenants or operators, if at all, which would adversely
affect our ability to fully recover our investment. 

 Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our healthcare facilities. 

 Transfers of healthcare facilities to successor tenants or operators may be subject to regulatory approvals or ratifications,
including, but not limited to, change of ownership approvals under certificate of need laws and Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements that are not required for transfers of other types of
commercial operations and other types of real estate. The replacement of any tenant or operator could be delayed by the regulatory approval process of any federal, state or local government agency
necessary for the transfer of the facility or the replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. If we are unable to find a suitable replacement tenant or operator upon favorable terms,
or at all, we may take possession of a facility, which might expose us to successor liability or require us to indemnify subsequent operators to whom we might transfer the operating rights and
licenses, all of which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Competition may make it difficult to identify and purchase, or develop, suitable healthcare facilities, to grow our investment portfolio. 

 We face significant competition from other REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds,
healthcare operators, lenders, developers and other institutional investors, some of whom may have greater resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more
challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business goals and could improve the bargaining power of property owners
seeking to sell, thereby impeding our investment, acquisition and development activities. If we cannot capitalize on our development pipeline, identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of healthcare
facilities at favorable prices or if we are unable to finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely
affected. 

 We may be required to incur substantial renovation costs to make certain of our healthcare properties suitable for other operators and tenants. 

 Healthcare facilities are typically highly customized and may not be easily adapted to non-healthcare-related uses. The
improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use, such as upgrading electrical, gas and plumbing infrastructure, are costly and at times tenant-specific. A new or replacement
operator or tenant may require different features in a property, depending on that operator's or tenant's particular operations. If a current operator or tenant is unable to pay rent and vacates a
property, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a property before we are able to secure another operator or tenant. Also, if the property needs to be renovated to accommodate multiple
operators or tenants, we may incur substantial expenditures before we are able to re-lease the space. These expenditures or renovations may materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 We face additional risks associated with property development that can render a project less profitable or not profitable at all and, under certain circumstances, prevent
completion of development activities once undertaken. 

 Large-scale, ground-up development of healthcare properties presents additional risks for us, including risks
that: 

 • a development opportunity may be abandoned after expending significant resources resulting in the loss of deposits or
failure to recover expenses already incurred; 

 • the development and construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates due to increased interest rates and
higher materials, transportation, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make the completion of the development project less profitable; 

 • construction and/or permanent financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all; 

 • the project may not be completed on schedule, which can result in increases in construction costs and debt service
expenses as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including natural disasters, labor conditions, material shortages, regulatory hurdles, civil unrest and acts of war; and 

 • occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet expected levels and could be insufficient to make the
property profitable. 

 These
risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development activities once undertaken, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments. 

 We have and may continue in the future to develop and/or acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when
circumstances warrant the use of these structures. Our participation in joint ventures is subject to risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership,
including: 

 • we could experience an impasse on certain decisions because we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could
require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes, including litigation or arbitration; 

 • our joint venture partners could have investment goals that are not consistent with our investment objectives, including
the timing, terms and strategies for any investments; 

 • our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted; 

 • our joint venture partners might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fail to
fulfill their obligations as a joint venture partner, which may require us to infuse our own capital into the venture on behalf of the partner despite other competing uses for such capital; and 

 • our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. 

 From time to time, we acquire other companies and if we are unable to successfully integrate these operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition
may be materially adversely affected. 

 Acquisitions require the integration of companies that have previously operated independently. Successful integration of the operations
of these companies depends primarily on our ability to consolidate operations, systems, procedures, properties and personnel and to eliminate redundancies and costs. We may encounter difficulties in
these integrations. Potential difficulties associated with 

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 acquisitions
include the loss of key employees, the disruption of our ongoing business or that of the acquired entity, possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and the
assumption of unexpected liabilities, including: 

 • liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions; 

 • unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the seller; 

 • liabilities, claims and litigation, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior
to our acquisition; 

 • claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the seller; and 

 • liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition. 

 In
addition, the acquired companies and their properties may fail to perform as expected, including in respect of estimated cost savings. Inaccurate assumptions regarding future rental
or occupancy rates could result in overly optimistic estimates of future revenues. Similarly, we may underestimate future operating expenses or the costs necessary to bring properties up to standards
established for their intended use. If we have difficulties with any of these areas, or if we later discover additional liabilities or experience unforeseen costs relating to our acquired companies,
we might not achieve the economic benefits we expect from our acquisitions, and this may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 From time to time we have made, and in the future we may seek to make, one or more material acquisitions, which may involve the expenditure of significant funds. 

 We regularly review potential transactions in order to maximize shareholder value and believe that currently there are available a
number of acquisition opportunities that would be complementary to our business, given the recent industry consolidation trend. In connection with our review of such transactions, we regularly engage
in discussions with potential
acquisition candidates, some of which are material. Any future acquisitions could require the issuance of securities, the incurrence of debt, assumption of contingent liabilities or incurrence of
significant expenditures, any of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the financing required for such acquisitions may not
be available on commercially favorable terms or at all. 

 Loss of our key personnel could temporarily disrupt our operations and adversely affect us. 

 We are dependent on the efforts of our executive officers, and competition for these individuals is intense. Although our chief
executive officer, chief financial officer, chief investment officer and general counsel have employment agreements with us, we cannot assure you that they will remain employed with us. The loss or
limited availability of the services of any of our executive officers, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and be negatively perceived in the capital markets. 

 Unfavorable resolution of litigation matters and disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. We may also be named as defendants in lawsuits
allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of our operators and tenants in which such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various
claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. An unfavorable resolution of litigation may have a material adverse effect on our 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 business,
results of operations and financial condition. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, litigation. In addition, litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead to
increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. 

 We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future
revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. 

 We maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are
adequate and appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage, and we continually review the insurance maintained by us. However, a large number of our properties are located in areas
exposed to earthquake, windstorm, flood and other natural disasters and may be subject to other losses. In particular, our life science portfolio is concentrated in areas known to be subject to
earthquake activity. While we purchase insurance for earthquake, windstorm, flood and other natural disasters that we believe is adequate in light of current industry practice and analysis prepared by
outside consultants, there is no assurance that such insurance will fully cover such losses. These losses can decrease our anticipated revenues from a property and result in the loss of all or a
portion of the capital we have invested in a property. The insurance market for such exposures can be very volatile and we may be unable to purchase the limits and terms we desire on a commercially
reasonable basis in the future. In addition, there are certain exposures where insurance is not purchased as we do not believe it is economically feasible to do so or where there is no viable
insurance market. 

 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our real estate related investments may materially impair the value of those investments. 

 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as a current or previous owner of real estate, we may be
required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum released at a property, and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage
and for investigation and cleanup costs incurred by the third parties in connection with the contamination. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the
government for damages and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Although we (i) currently carry environmental insurance on our properties in an amount and subject to
deductibles that we believe are commercially reasonable, and (ii) generally require our operators and tenants to undertake to indemnify us for environmental liabilities they cause, such
liabilities could exceed the amount of our insurance, the financial ability of the tenant or operator to indemnify us or the value of the contaminated property. The presence of contamination or the
failure to remediate contamination may materially adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. As the owner of a site, we may also be
held liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the site. Although we are generally indemnified by the current
operators or tenants of our properties for contamination caused by them, these indemnities may not adequately cover all environmental costs. We may also experience environmental liabilities arising
from conditions not known to us. 

 The impact of the comprehensive healthcare regulation enacted in 2010 on us and operators and tenants cannot accurately be predicted. 

 Legislative proposals are introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures each year that would affect major changes
in the healthcare system, either nationally or at the state level. 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 Notably,
in March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the
"Affordable Care Act"). The passage of the Affordable Care Act has resulted in comprehensive reform legislation that is expected to expand healthcare coverage to millions of currently uninsured people
beginning in 2014 and provide for significant changes to the U.S. healthcare system over the next ten years. To help fund this expansion, the Affordable Care Act outlines certain reductions in
Medicare reimbursements for various healthcare providers, including long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities, as well as certain other changes to Medicare payment
methodologies. This comprehensive healthcare legislation provides for extensive future rulemaking by regulatory authorities, and also may be altered or amended. We cannot accurately predict whether
any pending legislative proposals will be adopted or, if adopted, what effect, if any, these proposals would have on our operators and tenants and, thus, our business. Similarly, while we can
anticipate that some of the rulemaking that will be promulgated by regulatory authorities will affect our operators and tenants and the manner in which they are reimbursed by the federal healthcare
programs, we cannot accurately predict today the impact of those regulations on our operators and tenants and thus on our business. 

 The
Supreme Court's decision upholding the constitutionality of the individual mandate while striking down the provisions linking federal funding of state Medicaid programs with a
federally mandated expansion of those programs has not reduced the uncertain impact that the law will have on healthcare delivery systems over the next decade. We can expect that the federal
authorities will continue to implement the law, but, because of the Court's mixed ruling, the implementation will take longer than originally expected, with a commensurate increase in the period of
uncertainty regarding the law's full long term financial impact on the delivery of and payment for healthcare. 

 Risk Related to Tax, including REIT-Related risks 

 Loss of our tax status as a REIT would substantially reduce our available funds and would have material adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock. 

 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of numerous highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, as well as the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely
within our control. We intend to continue to operate in a manner that enables us to qualify as a REIT. However, our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet, through actual
annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the various qualification tests imposed under the Code. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at
least 95% of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and we must make distributions to our stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income,
excluding net capital gains. In addition, new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change the tax laws or interpretations of the tax laws regarding
qualification as a REIT, or the federal income tax consequences of that qualification, in a manner that is materially adverse to our stockholders. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we have
operated or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 

 If
we lose our REIT status, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to make payments of principal and interest on the debt securities we
issue and to make distributions to stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT: 

 • we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income; 

 • we will be subject to corporate-level income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income
at regular corporate rates; 
 
 24 

 Table of Contents 

 • we could be subject to increased state and local income taxes; and 

 • unless we are entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, we will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for
the four taxable years following the year during which we fail to qualify as a REIT. 

 As
a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially adversely affect the value
of our common stock. 

 We could have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities from corporate acquisitions that could limit, delay or impede future sales of our properties. 

 If, during the ten-year period beginning on the date we acquire certain companies, we recognize gain on the disposition of
any property acquired, then, to the extent of the excess of (i) the fair market value of such property as of the acquisition date over (ii) our adjusted income tax basis in such property
as of that date, we will be required to pay a corporate-level federal income tax on this gain at the highest regular corporate rate. There can be no assurance that these triggering dispositions will
not occur, and these requirements could limit, delay or impede future sales of our properties. 

 In
addition, the IRS may assert liabilities against us for corporate income taxes for taxable years prior to the time that we acquire certain companies, in which case we will owe these
taxes plus interest and penalties, if any. 

 There are uncertainties relating to the calculation of non-REIT tax earnings and profits ("E&P") in certain acquisitions, which may require us to distribute E&P. 

 In order to remain qualified as a REIT, we are required to distribute to our stockholders all of the accumulated non-REIT
E&P of certain companies that we acquire, prior to the close of the first taxable year in which the acquisition occurs. Failure to make such E&P distributions would result in our disqualification as a
REIT. The determination of the amount to be distributed in such E&P distributions is a complex factual and legal determination. We may have less than complete information at the time we undertake our
analysis, or we may interpret the applicable law differently from the IRS. We currently believe that we have satisfied the requirements relating to such E&P distributions. There are, however,
substantial uncertainties relating to the determination of E&P, including the possibility that the IRS could successfully assert that the taxable income of the companies acquired should be increased,
which would increase our non-REIT E&P. Moreover, an audit of the acquired company following our acquisition
could result in an increase in accumulated non-REIT E&P, which could require us to pay an additional taxable distribution to our then-existing stockholders, if we qualify under
rules for curing this type of default, or could result in our disqualification as a REIT. 

 Thus,
we might fail to satisfy the requirement that we distribute all of our non-REIT E&P by the close of the first taxable year in which the acquisition occurs. Moreover,
although there are procedures available to cure a failure to distribute all of our E&P, we cannot now determine whether we will be able to take advantage of these procedures or the economic impact on
us of doing so. 

 Our charter contains ownership limits with respect to our common stock and other classes of capital stock. 

 Our charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common stock and preferred stock that are intended to assist us
in preserving our qualification as a REIT. Under our charter, subject to certain exceptions, no person or entity may own, actually or constructively, more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares,
whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock or any class or series of our preferred stock. 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 Additionally,
our charter has a 9.9% ownership limitation on the direct or indirect ownership of our voting shares, which may include common stock or other classes of capital stock. Our
Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from either ownership limit. The ownership limits may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that
might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

 We are subject to certain provisions of Maryland law and our charter relating to business combinations. 

 The Maryland Business Combination Act provides that unless exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in business combinations,
including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities with an "interested stockholder"
or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder, and thereafter unless specified criteria
are met. An interested stockholder is
generally a person owning or controlling, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock of a Maryland corporation. Unless our Board of Directors takes action
to exempt us, generally or with respect to certain transactions, from this statute in the future, the Maryland Business Combination Act will be applicable to business combinations between us and other
persons. 

 In
addition to the restrictions on business combinations contained in the Maryland Business Combination Act, our charter also contains restrictions on business combinations. Our charter
requires that, except in certain circumstances, "business combinations," including a merger or consolidation, and certain asset transfers and issuances of securities, with a "related person,"
including a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock, be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 90% of our outstanding voting stock. 

 The
restrictions on business combinations provided under Maryland law and contained in our charter may delay, defer or prevent a change of control or other transaction even if such
transaction involves a premium price for our common stock or our stockholders believe that such transaction is otherwise in their best interests. 

 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. Properties 

 We are organized to invest in income-producing healthcare-related facilities. In evaluating potential investments, we consider a
multitude of factors, including: 

 • Location, construction quality, age, condition and design of the property; 

 • Geographic area, proximity to other healthcare facilities, type of property and demographic profile; 

 • Whether the expected risk-adjusted return exceeds our cost of capital; 

 • Whether the rent or operating income provides a competitive market return to our investors; 

 • Duration, rental rates, operator and tenant quality and other attributes of in-place leases, including master
lease structures; 

 • Current and anticipated cash flow and its adequacy to meet our operational needs; 

 • Availability of security such as letters of credit, security deposits and guarantees; 

 • Potential for capital appreciation; 
 
 26 

 Table of Contents 

 • Expertise and reputation of the operator or tenant; 

 • Occupancy and demand for similar healthcare facilities in the same or nearby communities; 

 • The mix of revenues generated at healthcare facilities between privately-paid and government reimbursed; 

 • Availability of qualified operators or property managers and whether we can manage the property; 

 • Potential alternative uses of the facilities; 

 • The regulatory and reimbursement environment in which the properties operate; 

 • Tax laws related to REITs; 

 • Prospects for liquidity through financing or refinancing; and 

 • Our access to and cost of capital. 

 The
following summarizes our property and direct financing lease ("DFL") investments as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 (square feet and dollars in thousands). 

 Facility Location

 Number of

Facilities 

 Capacity (1) 

 Gross Asset

Value (2) 

 Rental

Revenues (3) 

 Operating

Expenses 

 Senior housing—real estate: 

 (Units) 

 Texas 

 40 

 6,380 

 $ 

 776,522 

 $ 

 84,795 

 $ 

 22,197 

 California 

 36 

 4,026 

 694,429 

 72,675 

 10,333 

 Florida 

 34 

 4,676 

 640,196 

 89,339 

 30,747 

 Oregon 

 27 

 2,180 

 322,705 

 4,695 

 44 

 Illinois 

 14 

 1,768 

 316,304 

 44,849 

 17,130 

 Virginia 

 11 

 1,403 

 285,046 

 20,868 

 58 

 Washington 

 20 

 1,433 

 235,802 

 11,159 

 1 

 Colorado 

 7 

 1,070 

 211,732 

 17,584 

 — 

 New Jersey 

 8 

 803 

 176,773 

 12,818 

 32 

 Georgia 

 19 

 1,107 

 160,997 

 4,162 

 90 

 Other (31 States) 

 132 

 12,738 

 1,882,362 

 142,919 

 13,778 

 348 

 37,584 

 5,702,868 

 505,863 

 94,410 

 Senior housing—DFLs (4) : 

 Maryland 

 13 

 1,113 

 248,606 

 20,527 

 — 

 New Jersey 

 8 

 679 

 186,896 

 15,214 

 104 

 Illinois 

 10 

 944 

 173,889 

 14,751 

 — 

 Florida 

 14 

 1,203 

 157,434 

 13,072 

 63 

 Pennsylvania 

 10 

 805 

 142,846 

 12,119 

 — 

 Ohio 

 11 

 980 

 138,588 

 11,349 

 30 

 Other (12 States) 

 27 

 2,361 

 409,493 

 33,186 

 55 

 93 

 8,085 

 1,457,752 

 120,218 

 252 

 Total senior housing 

 441 

 45,669 

 $ 

 7,160,620 

 $ 

 626,081 

 $ 

 94,662 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 Facility Location

 Number of

Facilities 

 Capacity (1) 

 Gross Asset

Value (2) 

 Rental

Revenues (3) 

 Operating

Expenses 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing—real estate: 

 (Beds) 

 Virginia 

 9 

 934 

 $ 

 58,376 

 $ 

 6,853 

 $ 

 — 

 Indiana 

 8 

 892 

 46,972 

 7,903 

 — 

 Ohio 

 8 

 1,047 

 43,023 

 7,727 

 20 

 Nevada 

 2 

 267 

 13,837 

 2,778 

 — 

 Colorado 

 2 

 240 

 13,800 

 1,673 

 — 

 Other (10 States) 

 15 

 1,727 

 54,409 

 10,453 

 (97 

 ) 

 44 

 5,107 

 230,417 

 37,387 

 (77 

 ) 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing—DFLs (4) : 

 Pennsylvania 

 43 

 6,981 

 1,206,920 

 114,510 

 — 

 Illinois 

 26 

 3,472 

 700,148 

 64,133 

 — 

 Ohio 

 44 

 5,237 

 638,718 

 59,666 

 133 

 Michigan 

 27 

 3,345 

 577,342 

 52,093 

 — 

 Florida 

 27 

 3,557 

 543,556 

 50,503 

 10 

 Other (24 States) 

 101 

 13,839 

 1,756,957 

 160,950 

 320 

 268 

 36,431 

 5,423,641 

 501,855 

 463 

 Total post-acute/skilled nursing 

 312 

 41,538 

 $ 

 5,654,058 

 $ 

 539,242 

 $ 

 386 

 Life science: 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 California 

 98 

 6,256 

 $ 

 3,031,260 

 $ 

 273,704 

 $ 

 51,115 

 Utah 

 10 

 669 

 114,480 

 15,479 

 2,008 

 North Carolina 

 1 

 77 

 6,023 

 481 

 50 

 Total life science 

 109 

 7,002 

 $ 

 3,151,763 

 $ 

 289,664 

 $ 

 53,173 

 Medical office: 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 Texas 

 47 

 4,265 

 $ 

 666,522 

 $ 

 98,018 

 $ 

 44,420 

 Utah 

 28 

 1,292 

 191,608 

 21,437 

 5,997 

 California 

 14 

 788 

 191,240 

 26,473 

 13,330 

 Colorado 

 16 

 1,080 

 186,376 

 26,860 

 10,728 

 Tennessee 

 17 

 1,486 

 158,156 

 27,342 

 10,752 

 Washington 

 6 

 651 

 154,137 

 29,110 

 10,550 

 Other (21 States and Mexico) 

 79 

 4,712 

 817,991 

 105,571 

 36,487 

 Total medical office 

 207 

 14,274 

 $ 

 2,366,030 

 $ 

 334,811 

 $ 

 132,264 

 Hospital: 

 (Beds) 

 Texas 

 4 

 959 

 $ 

 213,506 

 $ 

 29,806 

 $ 

 3,511 

 California 

 2 

 185 

 123,556 

 16,683 

 6 

 Georgia 

 2 

 274 

 77,948 

 11,644 

 5 

 North Carolina 

 1 

 355 

 72,500 

 7,815 

 16 

 Florida 

 1 

 199 

 62,450 

 7,790 

 — 

 Other (6 States) 

 7 

 438 

 81,895 

 10,755 

 (25 

 ) 

 Total hospital 

 17 

 2,410 

 $ 

 631,855 

 $ 

 84,493 

 $ 

 3,513 

 Total properties 

 1,086 

 $ 

 18,964,326 

 $ 

 1,874,291 

 $ 

 283,998 

 (1) Senior
housing facilities are measured in units (e.g. studio, one or two bedroom apartments). Life science facilities and MOBs are measured in square
feet. SNFs and hospitals are measured in licensed bed count.

 (2) Represents
gross real estate and the carrying value of DFLs. Gross real estate represents the carrying amount of real estate after adding back accumulated
depreciation and amortization.

 (3) Rental
revenues represent the combined amount of rental and related revenues, tenant recoveries, resident fees and services and income from direct financing
leases.

 (4) Represents
leased properties that are classified as DFLs. 
 28 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes occupancy and average annual rent trends for our owned portfolio for the years ended December 31, (square
feet in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Senior housing (1) : 

 Average annual rent per unit (2) 

 $ 

 13,059 

 $ 

 12,887 

 $ 

 12,656 

 $ 

 11,918 

 $ 

 12,530 

 Average capacity (units) (3) 

 37,089 

 33,911 

 24,453 

 24,209 

 24,143 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing (1) : 

 Average annual rent per bed (2) 

 $ 

 11,624 

 $ 

 11,140 

 $ 

 6,885 

 $ 

 6,817 

 $ 

 6,537 

 Average capacity (beds) (3) 

 39,856 

 30,565 

 5,063 

 5,041 

 5,043 

 Life science: 

 Average occupancy percentage 

 90 

 % 

 90 

 % 

 89 

 % 

 91 

 % 

 87 

 % 

 Average annual rent per square foot (2) 

 $ 

 45 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 43 

 $ 

 37 

 Average occupied square feet (3) 

 6,250 

 6,076 

 5,740 

 5,554 

 5,362 

 Medical office: 

 Average occupancy percentage 

 91 

 % 

 91 

 % 

 91 

 % 

 91 

 % 

 90 

 % 

 Average annual rent per square foot (2) 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 25 

 Average occupied square feet (3) 

 12,295 

 11,865 

 11,583 

 11,577 

 11,719 

 Hospital (1) : 

 Average annual rent per bed (2) 

 $ 

 34,236 

 $ 

 33,499 

 $ 

 32,710 

 $ 

 29,825 

 $ 

 33,357 

 Average capacity (beds) (3) 

 2,410 

 2,410 

 2,399 

 2,376 

 2,392 

 (1) Senior
housing includes average units of 5,008 and 1,672 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, that are in a RIDEA structure
in which resident occupancy impacts our annual revenue. The average resident occupancy for these units was 86% and 88% for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. All other
senior housing, post-acute/skilled nursing and hospital facilities are generally leased to single tenants under triple-net lease structures for each of the periods reported,
for which these facilities were or approximately 100% leased.

 (2) Average
annual rent per unit/square feet is presented as a ratio of revenues comprised of rental and related revenues, tenant recoveries and income from
direct financing leases divided by the average capacity or average occupied square feet of the facilities and annualized for mergers and acquisitions for the year in which they occurred. Average
annual rent for leased properties (including DFLs) exclude termination fees and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of above and below
market lease intangibles and DFL interest accretion). Average annual rent for operating properties operated under a RIDEA structure is calculated based on NOI divided by the average capacity of the
facilities.

 (3) Capacity
for senior housing facilities is measured in units (e.g., studio, one or two bedroom units). Capacity for post-acute/skilled
nursing and hospitals is measured in licensed bed count. Capacity for life science facilities and MOBs is measured in square feet. Average capacity for senior housing, post-acute/skilled
nursing and hospitals is as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and one quarter in arrears from the periods presented. 
 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Development Properties 

 The following table sets forth the properties owned by us in our life science, medical office and hospital segments as of
December 31, 2012 that are currently under development or redevelopment (dollars in thousands): 

 Name of Project

 Location 

 Estimated/

Actual

Completion

Date (1) 

 Total

Investment

To Date (2) 

 Estimated

Total

Investment 

 Life science: 

 2019 Stierlin Ct 

 Mountain View, CA 

 1Q 2013 

 $ 

 17,860 

 $ 

 21,298 

 Durham Research Lab 

 Durham, NC 

 3Q 2013 

 13,068 

 25,851 

 Carmichael (3) 

 Durham, NC 

 3Q 2013 

 3,737 

 16,397 

 1030 Massachusetts Avenue 

 Cambridge, MA 

 2Q 2014 

 35,833 

 39,992 

 Ridgeview 

 Poway, CA 

 2Q 2014 

 11,430 

 22,937 

 Medical office: 

 Westpark Plaza (4) 

 Plano, TX 

 2Q 2013 

 10,537 

 13,585 

 Innovation Drive 

 San Diego, CA 

 4Q 2013 

 29,327 

 33,689 

 Alaska (4) 

 Anchorage, AK 

 4Q 2013 

 8,553 

 11,763 

 Folsom 

 Sacramento, CA 

 2Q 2014 

 33,360 

 39,251 

 Hospital: 

 Fresno (5) 

 Fresno, CA 

 1Q 2013 

 14,708 

 21,324 

 $ 

 178,413 

 $ 

 246,087 

 (1) For
development projects, management's estimate of the date the core and shell structure improvements are expected to be completed. For redevelopment
projects, management's estimate of the time in which major construction activity in relation to the scope of the project has been substantially completed. There are no assurances that any of these
projects will be completed on schedule or within estimated amounts.

 (2) Investment-to-date
of $178 million includes the following: (i) $81 million in development costs and
construction in progress, (ii) $71 million of buildings and (iii) $26 million of land. Development costs and construction in progress of $237 million presented on
the Company's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2012, includes the following: (i) $81 million of costs for development projects in process noted above;
(ii) $102 million of costs for land held for development; and (iii) $54 million for tenant and other facility related improvement projects in process.

 (3) Represents
approximately 33% of the Carmichael facility in redevelopment. The balance of the facility remains in operations.

 (4) Represents
approximately 70% and 50% of the Westpark Plaza and Alaska MOBs, respectively. The balance of the MOBs were placed in service during 2012.

 (5) Represents
approximately 25% of the Fresno hospital placed in redevelopment in March 2011. The balance of the hospital remains in operations. 
 30 

 Table of Contents 

 Tenant Lease Expirations 

 The following table shows tenant lease expirations, including those related to direct financing leases ("DFLs"), for the next
10 years and thereafter at our leased properties, assuming that none of the tenants exercise any of their renewal options, see "Tenant Purchase Options" section of Note 12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on leases subject to purchase options (dollars in thousands): 

 Expiration Year 

 Segment

 Total 

 2013 (1) 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 2018 

 2019 

 2020 

 2021 

 2022 

 Thereafter 

 Senior housing (2) : 

 Properties 

 420 

 — 

 5 

 1 

 15 

 11 

 47 

 10 

 35 

 16 

 3 

 277 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 525,368 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 5,091 

 $ 

 209 

 $ 

 23,003 

 $ 

 19,106 

 $ 

 89,796 

 $ 

 14,486 

 $ 

 55,314 

 $ 

 17,724 

 $ 

 2,938 

 $ 

 297,701 

 % of segment base rent 

 100 

 — 

 1 

 — 

 4 

 4 

 17 

 3 

 10 

 3 

 1 

 57 

 Post-acute/skilled: 

 Properties 

 312 

 — 

 9 

 1 

 1 

 9 

 2 

 12 

 5 

 — 

 4 

 269 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 466,770 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 7,197 

 $ 

 450 

 $ 

 320 

 $ 

 8,607 

 $ 

 1,111 

 $ 

 10,403 

 $ 

 5,352 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 3,086 

 $ 

 430,244 

 % of segment base rent 

 100 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 2 

 1 

 — 

 1 

 92 

 Life science: 

 Square feet 

 6,392 

 410 

 355 

 691 

 259 

 819 

 601 

 121 

 936 

 557 

 280 

 1,363 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 232,608 

 $ 

 10,174 

 $ 

 10,696 

 $ 

 23,452 

 $ 

 6,812 

 $ 

 27,494 

 $ 

 25,768 

 $ 

 4,147 

 $ 

 42,291 

 $ 

 31,619 

 $ 

 8,391 

 $ 

 41,764 

 % of segment base rent 

 100 

 4 

 5 

 10 

 3 

 12 

 11 

 2 

 18 

 13 

 4 

 18 

 Medical office: 

 Square feet 

 13,131 

 2,385 

 1,783 

 1,589 

 1,309 

 1,568 

 1,187 

 851 

 895 

 394 

 538 

 632 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 287,621 

 $ 

 50,131 

 $ 

 40,661 

 $ 

 35,744 

 $ 

 27,261 

 $ 

 34,789 

 $ 

 24,057 

 $ 

 18,450 

 $ 

 20,837 

 $ 

 9,472 

 $ 

 12,151 

 $ 

 14,068 

 % of segment base rent 

 100 

 18 

 14 

 13 

 10 

 12 

 8 

 6 

 7 

 3 

 4 

 5 

 Hospital: 

 Properties 

 17 

 1 

 3 

 — 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 5 

 — 

 1 

 1 

 4 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 67,699 

 $ 

 2,611 

 $ 

 16,018 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 4,776 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 7,113 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 825 

 $ 

 3,575 

 $ 

 32,781 

 % of segment base rent 

 100 

 4 

 24 

 — 

 — 

 7 

 — 

 11 

 — 

 1 

 5 

 48 

 Total: 

 Base rent (3) 

 $ 

 1,580,066 

 $ 

 62,916 

 $ 

 79,663 

 $ 

 59,855 

 $ 

 57,396 

 $ 

 94,772 

 $ 

 140,732 

 $ 

 54,599 

 $ 

 123,794 

 $ 

 59,640 

 $ 

 30,141 

 $ 

 816,558 

 % of total base rent 

 100 

 4 

 5 

 4 

 4 

 6 

 9 

 3 

 8 

 4 

 2 

 51 

 (1) Includes
month-to-month leases.

 (2) Excludes
21 facilities with annualized NOI of $49.6 million operated under a RIDEA structure.

 (3) The
most recent month's (or subsequent month's if acquired in the most recent month) base rent including additional rent floors, cash income from direct
financing leases annualized for 12 months. Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors and non-cash revenue adjustments
(i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, DFL interest accretion and deferred revenues). 
 31 

 Table of Contents 

 The following is a graphical presentation of our total tenant lease expirations (as presented above) for the next 10 years and thereafter
at our leased properties, assuming that none of the tenants exercise any of their renewal options (dollars in millions): 

 Total Lease Expirations Graph 

 We
specifically incorporate by reference into this section the information set forth in Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, included in this report. 

 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We are involved from time-to-time in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business,
including, but not limited to commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions including acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that such existing legal
proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position or our results of operations. We record a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. 

 See
litigation matter under the heading "Legal Proceedings" of Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings, which information is
incorporated by reference in this Item 3. 

 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 None. 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 PART II 

 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Set forth below for the fiscal quarters indicated are the reported high and
low sales prices per share of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 High 

 Low 

 High 

 Low 

 High 

 Low 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 42.75 

 $ 

 38.72 

 $ 

 38.29 

 $ 

 35.81 

 $ 

 34.37 

 $ 

 26.70 

 Second Quarter 

 44.15 

 37.81 

 40.75 

 35.00 

 34.50 

 28.53 

 Third Quarter 

 47.75 

 43.59 

 38.23 

 28.76 

 38.05 

 31.08 

 Fourth Quarter 

 46.15 

 43.31 

 41.98 

 32.66 

 37.65 

 31.87 

 At February 1, 2013, we had approximately 11,298 stockholders of record and there were approximately 188,236 beneficial holders of our
common stock. 

 It
has been our policy to declare quarterly dividends to the common stockholders so as to comply with applicable provisions of the Code governing REITs. The cash dividends per share paid
on common stock are set forth below: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 0.50 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.465 

 Second Quarter 

 0.50 

 0.48 

 0.465 

 Third Quarter 

 0.50 

 0.48 

 0.465 

 Fourth Quarter 

 0.50 

 0.48 

 0.465 

 Total 

 $ 

 2.00 

 $ 

 1.92 

 $ 

 1.86 

 On January 25, 2013, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.525 per share. The
common stock dividend will be paid on February 19, 2013 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 4, 2013. 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 On December 11, 2012, we issued 194,374 shares of our common stock upon the redemption of 194,374 non-managing
member units of our subsidiary, HCP DR Alabama, LLC ("HCP Alabama"), to a non-managing member of HCP Alabama. On December 18, 2012, we issued 540 shares of our common stock
upon the redemption of 270 non-managing member units of our subsidiary, HCPI/Utah II, LLC ("Utah II"), to four transferees of a non-managing member of
Utah II. In each case, the shares of our common stock were issued in a private placement to an accredited investor pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We
did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock upon redemption of the non-managing member units of HCP Alabama or Utah II, although we did acquire
non-managing member units of each subsidiary in exchange for the shares of common stock we issued upon redemption of the units. 

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases of our common stock made by or on our behalf during the quarter
ended December 31, 2012. 

 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Period Covered

 Total Number

Of Shares

Purchased (1) 

 Average Price

Paid Per Share 

 Total Number Of Shares

Purchased As

Part Of Publicly

Announced Plans

Or Programs 

 Maximum Number (Or

Approximate Dollar Value)

Of Shares That May Yet

Be Purchased Under

The Plans Or Programs 

 November 1-30, 2012 

 233 

 $ 

 44.01 

 — 

 — 

 December 1-31, 2012 

 165,038 

 45.16 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 165,271 

 45.16 

 — 

 — 

 (1) Represents
restricted shares withheld under our 2006 Performance Incentive Plan (the "2006 Incentive Plan"), to offset tax withholding obligations that
occur upon vesting of restricted shares. Our 2006 Incentive Plan provides that the value of the shares withheld shall be the closing price of our common stock on the date the relevant transaction
occurs. 

 Stock Price Performance Graph 

 The graph below compares the cumulative total return of HCP, the S&P 500 Index and the Equity REIT Index of the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. ("NAREIT"), from January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2012. Total return assumes quarterly reinvestment of dividends before
consideration of income taxes. 

 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 
 AMONG S&P 500, EQUITY REITS AND HCP, Inc. 
 
 RATE OF RETURN TREND COMPARISON 
 
 JANUARY 1,
2008–DECEMBER 31, 2012 
 
 (JANUARY 1, 2008 = 100) 
 
 Stock Price Performance Graph Total Return 

 Assumes
$100 invested January 1, 2008 in HCP, S&P 500 Index and NAREIT Equity REIT Index. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 

 Set forth below is our selected financial data as of and for each of the years in the five year period ended December 31, 2012. 

 Year Ended December 31, (1) (2) 

 2012 

 2011 (3) 

 2010 

 2009 (3) 

 2008 

 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Income statement data: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 1,900,722 

 $ 

 1,712,096 

 $ 

 1,240,206 

 $ 

 1,133,618 

 $ 

 1,123,977 

 Income from continuing operations 

 812,884 

 547,338 

 315,346 

 97,732 

 223,019 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 812,289 

 515,302 

 307,498 

 109,069 

 425,368 

 Income from continuing operations applicable to common shares: 

 Basic earnings per common share 

 1.83 

 1.28 

 0.91 

 0.22 

 0.75 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 1.83 

 1.28 

 0.91 

 0.22 

 0.75 

 Net income applicable to common shares: 

 Basic earnings per common share 

 1.90 

 1.29 

 1.01 

 0.40 

 1.79 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 1.90 

 1.29 

 1.00 

 0.40 

 1.79 

 Balance sheet data: 

 Total assets 

 19,915,555 

 17,408,475 

 13,331,923 

 12,209,735 

 11,849,826 

 Debt obligations (4) 

 8,693,820 

 7,722,619 

 4,646,345 

 5,656,143 

 5,937,456 

 Total equity 

 10,753,777 

 9,220,622 

 8,146,047 

 5,958,609 

 5,407,840 

 Other data: 

 Dividends paid 

 865,306 

 787,689 

 590,735 

 517,072 

 457,643 

 Dividends paid per common share 

 2.00 

 1.92 

 1.86 

 1.84 

 1.82 

 (1) Reclassification,
presentation and certain computational changes have been made for the results of properties sold or held-for-sale
reclassified to discontinued operations.

 (2) The
following are acquisitions that had a meaningful impact on our financial position and results of operations in the years in which they closed and
thereafter: 

 • During the fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired 129 senior housing communities from
the Blackstone JV. 

 • On June 28, 2012, we made an investment in senior unsecured notes as part of
Terra Firma's acquisition of Four Seasons Health Care. 

 • On April 7, 2011, we completed our acquisition of substantially all of the
real estate assets of HCR ManorCare, which includes the settlement of our HCR ManorCare debt investments discussed below. 

 • On January 14, 2011, we acquired our partner's 65% interest in HCP
Ventures II, a joint venture that owned 25 senior housing facilities, becoming the sole owner of the portfolio. 

 • On August 3, 2009, we purchased a participation in the first mortgage debt
of HCR ManorCare.

 (3) On
November 9, 2011, we entered into an agreement with Ventas, Inc. ("Ventas") to settle all remaining claims relating to Ventas's litigation
against HCP arising out of Ventas's 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living REIT. We paid $125 million to Ventas, which was recorded as litigation settlement expense for the year ended
December 31, 2011. On September 4, 2009, a jury returned a verdict in favor of Ventas in an action brought against us. The jury awarded Ventas approximately $102 million in
compensatory damages, which we recorded as a litigation provision expense during the year ended December 31, 2009.

 (4) Includes
bank line of credit, bridge and term loans, senior unsecured notes, mortgage and other secured debt, and other debt. 
 35 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical factual statements are "forward-looking
statements." We intend to have our forward-looking statements covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of
complying with those provisions.
Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding our and our officers' intent, belief or expectations as identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "project,"
"expect," "believe," "intend," "anticipate," "seek," "forecast," "plan," "estimate," "could," "would," "should" and other comparable and derivative terms or the negatives thereof. In addition, we,
through our officers, from time to time, make forward-looking oral and written public statements concerning our expected future operations, strategies, securities offerings, growth and investment
opportunities, dispositions, capital structure changes, budgets and other developments. Readers are cautioned that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith belief and reasonable
assumptions based upon current information, we can give no assurance that our expectations or forecasts will be attained. Therefore, readers should be mindful that forward-looking statements are not
guarantees of future performance and that they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As more fully set forth in Part I, Item 1A., "Risk
Factors" in this report, factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements include: 

 (a) Changes
in global, national and local economic conditions, including a prolonged period of weak economic growth;

 (b) Continued
volatility in the capital markets, including changes in interest rates and the availability and cost of capital;

 (c) Our
ability to manage our indebtedness level and changes in the terms of such indebtedness;

 (d) The
effect on healthcare providers of the automatic spending cuts enacted by Congress ("Sequestration") on entitlement programs, including Medicare, will,
unless modified, result in future reductions in reimbursements.

 (e) The
ability of our operators, tenants and borrowers to conduct their respective businesses in a manner sufficient to maintain or increase their revenues and
to generate sufficient income to make rent and loan payments to us and our ability to recover investments made, if applicable, in their operations;

 (f) The
financial weakness of some operators and tenants, including potential bankruptcies and downturns in their businesses, which results in uncertainties
regarding our ability to continue to realize the full benefit of such operators' and/or tenants' leases;

 (g) Changes
in federal, state or local laws and regulations, including those affecting the healthcare industry that affect our costs of compliance or increase
the costs, or otherwise affect the operations of our operators, tenants and borrowers;

 (h) The
potential impact of future litigation matters, including the possibility of larger than expected litigation costs, adverse results and related
developments;

 (i) Competition
for tenants and borrowers, including with respect to new leases and mortgages and the renewal or rollover of existing leases;

 (j) Our
ability to negotiate the same or better terms with new tenants or operators if existing leases are not renewed or we exercise our right to replace an
existing operator or tenant upon default; 
 
 36 

 Table of Contents 

 (k) Availability
of suitable properties to acquire at favorable prices and the competition for the acquisition and financing of those properties;

 (l) The
financial, legal, regulatory and reputational difficulties of significant operators of our properties;

 (m) The
risk that we may not be able to achieve the benefits of investments within expected time-frames or at all, or within expected cost
projections;

 (n) The
ability to obtain financing necessary to consummate acquisitions on favorable terms;

 (o) The
risks associated with our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including our lack of sole decision making authority and our
reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition and continued cooperation; and

 (p) Changes
in the credit ratings on U.S. government debt securities or default or delay in payment by the United States of its obligations. 

 Except
as required by law, we undertake no, and hereby disclaim any, obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, changed circumstances or
otherwise. 

 The
information set forth in this Item 7 is intended to provide readers with an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations.
We will discuss and provide our analysis in the following order: 

 • Executive Summary 

 • 2012 Transaction Overview 

 • Dividends 

 • Critical Accounting Policies 

 • Results of Operations 

 • Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 • Non-GAAP Financial Measure—Funds from Operations 

 • Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 • Contractual Obligations 

 • Inflation 

 • Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 Executive Summary 

 We are a self-administered REIT that, together with our unconsolidated joint ventures, invests primarily in real estate
serving the healthcare industry in the U.S. We acquire, develop, lease, manage and dispose of healthcare real estate and provide financing to healthcare providers. At December 31, 2012, our
portfolio of investments, including properties owned by our Investment Management Platform, consisted of interests in 1,160 facilities. 

 Our
business strategy is based on three principles: (i) opportunistic investing, (ii) portfolio diversification, and (iii) conservative financing. We actively
redeploy capital from investments with lower return potential or shorter investment horizons into assets representing longer term investments with attractive risk adjusted return potential. We make
investments where the expected risk-adjusted 

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 return
exceeds our cost of capital and strive to capitalize on our operator, tenant and other business relationships to grow our business. 

 Our
strategy contemplates acquiring and developing properties on terms that are favorable to us. Generally, we prefer larger, more complex private transactions that leverage our
management team's experience and our infrastructure. We follow a disciplined approach to enhancing the value of our existing portfolio, including ongoing evaluation of potential disposition of
properties that no longer fit our strategy. 

 We
primarily generate revenue by leasing healthcare properties under long-term leases with fixed and/or inflation indexed escalators. Most of our rents and other earned
income from leases are received under triple-net leases or leases that provide for substantial recovery of operating expenses; however, some of our medical office and life science leases
are structured as gross or modified gross leases. Operating expenses are generally related to MOB and life science leased properties and senior housing properties managed on our behalf ("RIDEA
properties"). Accordingly, for such MOBs, life science facilities and RIDEA properties, we incur certain property operating expenses, such as real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, property
management fees, utilities, employee costs for resident care and insurance. Our growth for these assets depends, in part, on our ability to (i) increase rental income and other earned income
from leases by increasing rental rates and occupancy levels; (ii) maximize tenant recoveries given underlying lease structures; and (iii) control operating and other expenses. Our
operations are impacted by property specific, market specific, general economic and other conditions. At December 31, 2012, the contractual maturities in our portfolio of leased assets were 13%
through 2015 (measured in dollars of expiring base rents). 

 Access
to capital markets impacts our cost of capital and ability to refinance maturing indebtedness, as well as to fund future acquisitions and development through the issuance of
additional securities or secured debt. Access to external capital on favorable terms is critical to the success of our strategy. 

 2012 Transaction Overview 

 Investment Transactions 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, we completed $2.6 billion of investments as follows: 

 $1.7 Billion Senior Housing Portfolio Acquisition and $52 Million Secured Financing 

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired 129 senior housing communities for $1.7 billion, from a joint venture between
Emeritus and the Blackstone JV. Located in 29 states, the portfolio encompasses 10,077 units representing a diversified care mix of 61% assisted living, 25% independent living, 13% memory care and 1%
skilled nursing. Based on current operating performance, the 129 communities consist of 95 that are stabilized and 34 that are currently in lease—up. The transaction closed in two stages:
(i) 127 senior housing facilities on October 31, 2012 for $1.68 billion representing 9,842 units; and (ii) two senior housing facilities on December 4, 2012 for
$24 million representing 235 units. 

 Emeritus
continues to operate the communities pursuant to a new triple-net, master lease for the 129 properties (the "Master Lease") guaranteed by Emeritus. The Master Lease
provides aggregate contractual rent in the first year of $103.6 million. The contractual rent will increase annually by the greater of the percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index
("CPI") or 3.7% on average over the initial five years, and thereafter by the greater of CPI or 3.0% for the remaining initial lease term. At the beginning of the sixth lease year, rent on the 34
lease-up properties will increase to the greater of the percentage increase in CPI or fair market, subject to a floor of 103% and a cap of 130% of the prior year's rent. 

 38 

 Table of Contents 

 The
leased properties are grouped into three pools that share comparable characteristics and these leased pools have initial terms of 14 to 16 years. Emeritus has two extension
options, which, if exercised, will provide for lease terms of 30 to 35 years. We are still evaluating the acquisition of up to four additional communities related to this transaction. 

 Concurrent
with the acquisition, Emeritus purchased nine communities from the Blackstone JV, for which we have provided secured debt financing of $52 million with a
four-year term. The loan is secured by the underlying real estate and is prepayable at Emeritus' option. The interest rate on the loan mirrors the 6.1% lease yield, including the annual
increases through maturity. 

 $853 Million of Additional Investment Transactions 

 On August 7, 2012, we completed the acquisition of eight on-campus MOBs for $80 million from Scottsdale
Healthcare. Located in Scottsdale, Arizona, the portfolio represents 398,000 square feet with an occupancy of 89% at closing. 

 Between
July and October 2012, we acquired 12 MOBs from The Boyer Company valued at $188 million, including DownREIT units and debt valued at $43 million and
$60 million, respectively; the MOBs are primarily located on the campuses of HCA, Iasis Healthcare and Community Health Systems and comprise 758,000 square feet with an occupancy of 88% at
closing. The transaction closed in three stages: (i) six MOBs on July 31, 2012 for $77 million representing 327,000 square feet; (ii) four MOBs on August 15, 2012
for $49 million representing 199,000 square feet and; (iii) two MOBs on October 19, 2012 for $62 million representing 232,000 square feet. 

 On
July 31, 2012, we closed a mezzanine loan facility to lend up to $205 million to Tandem Health Care ("Tandem"), an affiliate of Formation Capital, as part of the
recapitalization of a post-acute/skilled nursing portfolio. We funded $100 million (the "First Tranche") at closing and have a commitment to fund an additional $105 million
(the "Second Tranche") between February 2013 and August 2013. The Second Tranche will be used to repay debt senior to our loan. At closing, the loan was subordinate to
$400 million in senior mortgage debt and $137 million in senior mezzanine debt. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 12% and 14% per annum for the First and Second Tranches,
respectively. Including fees received at closing, the loan has a blended yield to maturity of approximately 13% assuming both tranches are funded. The facility has a total term of up to 63 months from
the initial closing and is prepayable at the borrower's option. 

 On
June 28, 2012, we made an investment in senior unsecured notes with an aggregate par value of £138.5 million at a discount for
£136.8 million, as part of the financing for Terra Firma's £825 million acquisition of Four Seasons Health Care ("Four Seasons"), the largest elderly and
specialist care provider in the United Kingdom with 445 care homes and 61
specialist care centers. The notes mature in June 2020 and are non-callable until June 2016. The notes bear interest on their par value at a fixed rate of 12.25% per annum,
with an original discount resulting in a yield to maturity of 12.5%. Terra Firma, a leading European private equity firm, provided £345 million in equity financing, resulting in a
loan-to-capitalization of 62% for the Four Seasons notes. The £136.8 million for this investment is match funded by an equivalent GBP denominated unsecured
term loan discussed below. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, we made other investments of $270 million as follows: (i) acquisition of a MOB for $13 million;
(ii) acquisition of a life science facility for $8 million; (iii) acquisition of a senior housing facility for $4 million; (iv) acquisition of a parcel of land
adjacent to one of our hospitals for $3 million; and (v) funding of development and other capital projects of $242 million, primarily in our life science, senior housing and
medical office segments. 

 39 

 Table of Contents 

 Other Transactions 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, we sold two senior housing facilities for $111 million, a parcel of land in our
life science segment for $18 million, a skilled nursing facility for $15 million and a MOB for $7 million. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, we expanded our tenant relationship with General Atomics in Poway, CA to a total of 396,000 square feet, consisting of the following:
(i) a lease extension of 281,000 square feet through June 2024, and (ii) a new 10-year lease (expected to commence mid-2014) for a 115,000 square feet
build-to-suit development. As part of this transaction, General Atomics purchased a 19-acre land parcel from us for $18 million; in connection with the
agreement to sell the land parcel, we incurred a $7.9 million impairment charge. 

 Financings 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, we raised $3.5 billion of capital in the equity and credit markets as follows: 

 In
connection with funding the $1.7 billion Senior Housing Portfolio acquisition, we completed the following capital market
transactions: 

 • On November 19, 2012, we issued $800 million of 2.625% senior unsecured notes due in 2020. The notes were
priced at 99.729% of the principal amount with an effective yield to maturity of 2.667%. Net proceeds from this offering were $793 million. 

 • On October 19, 2012, we completed a public offering of 22 million shares of common stock and received net
proceeds of $979 million. 

 On
July 30, 2012, in connection with our Four Seasons senior unsecured notes investment, we entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for a
£137 million four-year unsecured term loan (the "Term Loan") that accrues interest at a rate of GBP London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus 1.20%, based on our
current debt ratings. Concurrent with the closing of the Term Loan, we entered into a four-year interest rate swap agreement that fixes the rate of the Term Loan at 1.81%, subject to
adjustments based on our credit ratings. The Term Loan contains a one-year committed extension option and similar covenants to those in our unsecured revolving line of credit facility. 

 On
July 23, 2012, we issued $300 million of 3.15% senior unsecured notes due in 2022. The notes were priced at 98.888% of the principal amount with an effective yield to
maturity of 3.28%. Net proceeds from this offering were $294 million. 

 In
June 2012, we completed a $376 million offering of 8.97 million shares of common stock at $41.88 per share with the proceeds used primarily to repay
$250 million of 6.45% senior unsecured notes at maturity on June 25, 2012. 

 On
March 27, 2012, we completed an amendment to our existing $1.5 billion unsecured revolving line of credit facility. We improved the pricing and extended the maturity of
the facility one additional year to March 2016. Based on our current credit ratings, the amended facility bears interest annually at one-month LIBOR plus 1.075% and has a facility
fee of 0.175%, which in the aggregate represents a 55 basis point reduction to our funded interest cost. 

 On
March 22, 2012, we announced the redemption of the 4.0 million shares of 7.25% Series E and 7.82 million shares of 7.10% Series F preferred stock at
a price of $25.00 per share, or $295.5 million in aggregate, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to April 23, 2012 (the redemption date). As a result of the redemption, we incurred a
charge of $10.4 million related to the original issuance costs of the 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 preferred
stock (this charge is presented as an additional preferred stock dividend in our consolidated statements of income). 

 On
March 22, 2012, we priced a $359 million offering of 9.0 million shares of common stock at $39.93 per share with the proceeds used primarily to redeem all
outstanding shares of our preferred stock. 

 On
January 23, 2012, we issued $450 million of 3.75% senior unsecured notes due in 2019; net proceeds from the offering were $444 million. 

 Dividends 

 Quarterly dividends paid during 2012 aggregated $2.00 per share, which represents a 4.2% increase from 2011. On January 25,
2013, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.525 per share, which represents a 5% increase. The common stock dividend will be paid on
February 19, 2013 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 4, 2013. Based on the first quarter's dividend, the annualized rate of distribution for 2013 is $2.10,
compared with $2.00 in 2012. 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires our
management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on the best information available to us at the time, our experience
and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances
relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been applied, resulting in a different presentation of our consolidated
financial statements. From time to time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made
in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. For a more detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require
estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HCP, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiaries and joint ventures that
we control, through voting rights or other means. We consolidate investments in variable interest entities ("VIEs") when we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE at: (i) the inception of the
variable interest entity, (ii) as a result of a change in circumstance identified during our continuous review of our VIE relationships or (iii) upon the occurrence of a qualifying
reconsideration event. 

 We
make judgments with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity and whether we are (or are not) the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors
includes, but is not limited to, our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, our form of ownership interest, our representation on the
entity's governing body, the size and seniority of our investment, our ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions, replace the manager and/or liquidate the
entity, if applicable. Our ability to correctly assess our influence or control over an entity when determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE 

 41 

 Table of Contents 

 affects
the presentation of these entities in our consolidated financial statements. If we perform a primary beneficiary analysis at a date other than at inception of the variable interest entity, our
assumptions may be different and may result in the identification of a different primary beneficiary. 

 If
we determine that we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, our consolidated financial statements would include the operating results of the VIE (either tenant or borrower) rather than
the results of the variable interest in the VIE. We would depend on the VIE to provide us timely financial information and rely on the internal control of the VIE to provide accurate financial
information. If the VIE has deficiencies in its internal control over financial reporting, or does not provide us with timely financial information, this may adversely impact the quality and/or timing
of our financial reporting and our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 We recognize rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured and the
tenant has taken possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset. For assets acquired subject to leases, we recognize revenue upon acquisition of the asset provided the tenant has taken
possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset. If the lease provides for tenant improvements, we determine whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, are owned by the
tenant or us. When we are the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant
improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement allowance funded is treated as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction
of revenue over the lease term. The determination of ownership of the tenant improvements is subject to significant judgment. If our assessment of the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting
purposes were to change, the timing and amount of our revenue recognized would be impacted. 

 Certain
leases provide for additional rents contingent upon a percentage of the facility's revenue in excess of specified base amounts or other thresholds. Such revenue is recognized
when actual results reported by the tenant, or estimates of tenant results, exceed the base amount or other thresholds. The recognition of additional rents requires us to make estimates of amounts
owed and to a certain extent are dependent on the accuracy of the facility results reported to us. Our estimates may differ from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial
statements. 

 We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts, including an allowance for straight-line rent receivables, for estimated losses resulting from tenant defaults or the
inability of tenants to make
contractual rent and tenant recovery payments. We monitor the liquidity and creditworthiness of our tenants and operators on an ongoing basis. This evaluation considers industry and economic
conditions, property performance, credit enhancements and other factors. For straight-line rent amounts, our assessment is based on income recoverable over the term of the lease. We
exercise judgment in establishing allowances and consider payment history and current credit status in developing these estimates. These estimates may differ from actual results, which could be
material to our consolidated financial statements. 

 Loans
receivable are classified as held-for-investment based on management's intent and ability to hold the loans for the foreseeable future or to maturity. We
recognize interest income on loans, including the amortization of discounts and premiums, using the interest method applied on a loan-by-loan basis when collectibility of the
future payments is reasonably assured. Premiums, discounts and related costs are recognized as yield adjustments over the life of the related loans. 

 We
use the direct finance method of accounting to record income from DFLs. For leases accounted for as DFLs, future minimum lease payments are recorded as a receivable. The difference
between the future minimum lease payments and the estimated residual values less the cost of the 

 42 

 Table of Contents 

 properties
is recorded as unearned income. Unearned income is deferred and amortized to income over the lease terms to provide a constant yield when collectibility of the lease payments is reasonably
assured. Investments in DFLs are presented net of unamortized unearned income. The determination of estimated useful lives and residual values are subject to significant judgment. If our assessments
for accounting purposes were to change, the timing and amount of our revenue recognized would be impacted. 

 Loans
and DFLs are placed on non-accrual status at such time as management determines that collectibility of contractual amounts is not reasonably assured. While on
non-accrual status, loans or DFLs are either accounted for on a cash basis, in which income is recognized only upon receipt of cash, or on a cost-recovery basis, in which all
cash receipts reduce the carrying value of the loan or DFL, based on management's judgment of collectibility. 

 Allowances
are established for loans and DFLs based upon a probable loss estimate for individual loans and DFLs deemed to be impaired. Loans and DFLs are impaired when it is deemed
probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due on a timely basis in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan or lease. Determining the adequacy of the allowance is complex and
requires significant judgment by us about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The allowance is
based upon our assessment of the borrower's or lessee's overall financial condition, resources and payment record; the prospects for support from any financially responsible guarantors; and, if
appropriate, the realizable value of any collateral. These estimates consider all available evidence including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan's or DFL's effective interest rate, the fair value of collateral, general economic conditions and trends, historical and industry loss experience, and other relevant factors. While
our assumptions are based in part upon historical data, our estimates may differ from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

 Real Estate 

 We make estimates as part of our allocation of the purchase price of acquisitions to the various components of the acquisition based
upon the relative fair value of each component. The most significant components of our allocations are typically the allocation of fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant,
land and in-place leases. In the case of the fair value of buildings and the allocation of value to land and other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect
the amount of depreciation and amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. In the case of the value of in-place leases, we
make our best estimates based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected
lease-up periods, market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. Our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the
acquired in-place leases. 

 A
variety of costs are incurred in the development and leasing of properties. After determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project
that is benefited. Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. The costs of land and buildings under development
include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest
costs, real estate taxes and other costs incurred during the period of development. We consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy and cease
capitalization of costs upon the completion of the related tenant improvements. 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

 We assess the carrying value of our real estate assets and related intangibles ("real estate assets"), whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of real estate assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset or
asset group to the respective estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review our real estate assets for recoverability, we consider market conditions, as well as our intent with respect
to holding or disposing of the asset. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third party appraisals, where
considered necessary. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of the real estate asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the real estate asset. 

 Goodwill
is tested for impairment at least annually. If it is determined, based on certain qualitative factors, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
less than its carrying amount, we apply the two-step approach. Certain qualitative factors assessed by us include current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets
and the overall financial and operating performance of HCP. If we qualitatively determine that it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount the
two-step approach is necessary. 

 If
the fair value of a reporting unit containing goodwill is less than its carrying value, then the second step of the test is needed to measure the amount of potential goodwill
impairment. The second step requires the fair value of a reporting unit to be allocated to all the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business
combination at the date of the impairment test. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the fair value of assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to
determine the amount of impairment. We estimate the current fair value of the assets and liabilities in the reporting unit through various valuation techniques, including applying capitalization rates
to segment net operating income, quoted market values and third-party appraisals, as necessary. The fair value of the reporting unit may also include an allocation of an enterprise value premium that
we estimate a third party would be willing to pay for the company. 

 The
determination of the fair value of real estate assets and goodwill involves significant judgment. This judgment is based on our analysis and estimates of fair value of real estate
assets and reporting units, and the future operating results and resulting cash flows of each real estate asset whose carrying amount may not be recoverable. Our ability to accurately predict future
operating results and cash flows and estimate and allocate fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions
may have a material impact on our financial results. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 Investments in entities which we do not consolidate but have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial
policies are reported under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, our share of the investee's earnings or losses is included in our consolidated results of
operations. 

 The
initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is based on the amount paid to purchase the joint venture interest or the carrying value of the assets prior to
the sale of interests in the joint venture. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the fair value of the equity method investment to our carrying value. If
we determine a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is below its carrying value is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded.
The determination of the fair value and as to whether a deficiency in fair value is "other-than-temporary" of investments in unconsolidated joint 

 44 

 Table of Contents 

 ventures
involves significant judgment. Our estimates consider all available evidence including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at market rates, general
economic conditions and trends, severity and duration of the fair value deficiency, and other relevant factors. Capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in our valuation models
are based upon rates that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these
assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. 

 Income Taxes 

 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, significant management judgment is required to evaluate our
compliance with REIT requirements. Our determinations are based on interpretation of tax laws, and our conclusions may have an impact on the income tax expense recognized. Adjustments to income tax
expense may be required as a result of: (i) audits conducted by federal, state and local tax authorities, (ii) our ability to qualify as a REIT, (iii) the potential for
built-in-gain recognized related to prior-tax-free acquisitions of C corporations, and (iv) changes in tax laws. Adjustments required in any
given period are included within the income tax provision. 

 Results of Operations 

 We evaluate our business and allocate resources among our five business segments: (i) senior housing,
(ii) post-acute/skilled nursing, (iii) life science, (iv) medical office and (v) hospital. Under the senior housing, life science,
post-acute/skilled nursing and hospital segments, we invest or co-invest primarily in single operator or tenant properties, through the acquisition and development of real
estate, management of operations and by debt issued by operators in these sectors. Under the medical office segment, we invest or co-invest through the acquisition and development of MOBs
that are leased under gross, modified gross or triple-net leases, generally to multiple tenants, and which generally require a greater level of property management. The accounting policies
of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 We
use net operating income ("NOI") and adjusted NOI to assess and compare property level performance, including our same property portfolio ("SPP"), and to make decisions about resource
allocations. We believe these measures provide investors relevant and useful information because they reflect only income and operating expense items that are incurred at the property level and
present them on an unleveraged basis. We believe that net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to NOI. NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of operating performance to net
income as defined by GAAP since NOI excludes certain components from net income. Further, NOI may not be comparable to that of other REITs, as they may use different methodologies for calculating NOI.
See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional segment information and the relevant reconciliations from net income to NOI and adjusted NOI. 

 Operating
expenses are generally related to MOB and life science leased properties and senior housing properties managed on our behalf (RIDEA properties). We generally recover all or a
portion of MOB and life science expenses from the tenants (tenant recoveries). The presentation of expenses as operating or general and administrative is based on the underlying nature of the expense.
Periodically, we review the classification of expenses between categories and make revisions based on changes in the underlying nature of the expenses. 

 Our
evaluation of results of operations by each business segment includes an analysis of our SPP and our total property portfolio. SPP information allows us to evaluate the performance
of our leased property portfolio under a consistent population by eliminating changes in the composition of our portfolio of properties. We identify our SPP as stabilized properties that remained in
operations and 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 were
consistently reported as leased properties or RIDEA properties for the duration of the year-over-year comparison periods presented. Accordingly, it takes a stabilized
property a minimum of 12 months in operations under a consistent reporting structure to be included in our SPP. Newly acquired operating assets are generally considered stabilized at the earlier of
lease-up (typically when the tenant(s) controls the physical use of at least 80% of the space) or 12 months from the acquisition date. Newly completed developments, including
redevelopments, are considered stabilized at the earlier of lease-up or 24 months from the date the property is placed in service. SPP NOI excludes certain non-property
specific operating expenses that are allocated to each operating segment on a consolidated basis. 

 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2012 to the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired 129 senior housing communities from the Blackstone JV (see additional information in
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The transaction closed in two stages: (i) 127 senior housing facilities on October 31, 2012; and (ii) two senior housing
facilities on December 4, 2012. The results of operations from the acquisitions are reflected in our consolidated financial statements from those respective dates. 

 On
April 7, 2011, we completed our acquisition of substantially all of HCR ManorCare's real estate assets; additionally, we purchased a noncontrolling equity interest in the
operations of HCR ManorCare. On January 14, 2011, we acquired our partner's 65% interest in HCP Ventures II that resulted in the consolidation of HCP Ventures II. On
September 1, 2011, we entered into management contracts with Brookdale with respect to 21 senior living communities (these 21 communities were acquired in January 2011 as part of our
purchase of HCP Ventures II). These 21 communities are now in a RIDEA structure are managed by Brookdale, the respective resident level revenues and related operating expenses are reported in
our consolidated financial statements. See additional information regarding the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, HCP Ventures II purchase and the Brookdale RIDEA transaction in Notes 3, 8 and
12, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The results of operations from our HCR ManorCare, HCP Ventures II and 21 properties managed under a RIDEA structure are reflected in
our financial statements from those respective dates. 

 Segment NOI and Adjusted NOI 

 The tables below provide selected operating information for our SPP and total property portfolio for each of our five business
segments. Our consolidated SPP consists of 565 properties representing properties acquired or placed in service and stabilized on or prior to January 1, 2011 and that remained in operations
under a consistent reporting structure through December 31, 2012. Our consolidated total property portfolio represents 1,086 and 932 properties at December 31, 2012 and 2011,
respectively, and excludes properties classified as discontinued operations. 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 Senior Housing 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (dollars in thousands except per unit data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 Rental revenues (1) 

 $ 

 380,413 

 $ 

 378,553 

 $ 

 1,860 

 $ 

 482,336 

 $ 

 470,592 

 $ 

 11,744 

 Resident fees and services 

 1,054 

 3,542 

 (2,488 

 ) 

 143,745 

 50,619 

 93,126 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 381,467 

 $ 

 382,095 

 $ 

 (628 

 ) 

 $ 

 626,081 

 $ 

 521,211 

 $ 

 104,870 

 Operating expenses 

 (613 

 ) 

 (1,052 

 ) 

 439 

 (94,662 

 ) 

 (34,538 

 ) 

 (60,124 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 380,854 

 $ 

 381,043 

 $ 

 (189 

 ) 

 $ 

 531,419 

 $ 

 486,673 

 $ 

 44,746 

 Straight-line rents 

 (24,740 

 ) 

 (34,579 

 ) 

 9,839 

 (30,415 

 ) 

 (34,911 

 ) 

 4,496 

 DFL accretion 

 (6,863 

 ) 

 (9,052 

 ) 

 2,189 

 (18,812 

 ) 

 (17,918 

 ) 

 (894 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (1,569 

 ) 

 (1,569 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,320 

 ) 

 (1,466 

 ) 

 146 

 Lease termination fees 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,350 

 (1,350 

 ) 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 347,682 

 $ 

 335,843 

 $ 

 11,839 

 $ 

 480,872 

 $ 

 433,728 

 $ 

 47,144 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 3.5 

 % 

 Property count (2) 

 221 

 221 

 441 

 312 

 Average capacity (units) (3) 

 25,081 

 25,056 

 37,089 

 33,911 

 Average annual rent per unit (4) 

 $ 

 13,887 

 $ 

 13,446 

 $ 

 13,059 

 $ 

 12,887 

 (1) Represents
rental and related revenues and income from DFLs.

 (2) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2011, we removed two senior housing properties from SPP that were sold or
classified as held for sale.

 (3) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented.

 (4) Average
annual rent per unit for operating properties under a RIDEA structure is based on NOI. 

 SPP Adjusted NOI. SPP adjusted NOI improved primarily as a result of annual rent escalations and an increase in rental revenues from
properties that
were previously transitioned from Sunrise to other operators, partially offset by a decrease in additional rents. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Including the impact of our SPP, our total portfolio NOI and adjusted NOI for the year ended
December 31, 2012 primarily increased as a result of 66 senior housing leased properties classified as DFLs that were acquired on April 7, 2011 from HCR ManorCare and 127 senior housing
communities acquired on October 31, 2012 and two senior housing communities acquired on December 4, 2012 from the Blackstone JV (see Notes 3, 4 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, the Blackstone JV acquisition and Net Investments in DFLs, respectively). 

 Additionally,
HCP Ventures II was consolidated on January 14, 2011 (see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information), resulting in us
recognizing rental and related revenues for the 25 leased properties commencing on that date. On September 1, 2011, for 21 of these 25 properties, we entered into management contracts in a
structure permitted by RIDEA (see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information), resulting in the termination of the properties' leases. For these 21 properties
that are now in a RIDEA structure, the resident-level revenues and related operating expenses are reported in our consolidated financial statements beginning on that date. 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Post-Acute/Skilled Nursing 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (dollars in thousands, except per bed data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 Rental revenues (1) 

 $ 

 37,387 

 $ 

 36,745 

 $ 

 642 

 $ 

 539,242 

 $ 

 397,554 

 $ 

 141,688 

 Operating expenses 

 75 

 (180 

 ) 

 255 

 (386 

 ) 

 (585 

 ) 

 199 

 NOI 

 $ 

 37,462 

 $ 

 36,565 

 $ 

 897 

 $ 

 538,856 

 $ 

 396,969 

 $ 

 141,887 

 Straight-line rents 

 (547 

 ) 

 (967 

 ) 

 420 

 (547 

 ) 

 (968 

 ) 

 421 

 DFL accretion 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (75,428 

 ) 

 (56,089 

 ) 

 (19,339 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 46 

 34 

 12 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 36,915 

 $ 

 35,598 

 $ 

 1,317 

 $ 

 462,927 

 $ 

 339,946 

 $ 

 122,981 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 3.7 

 % 

 Property count (2) 

 44 

 44 

 312 

 312 

 Average capacity (beds) (3) 

 5,031 

 5,061 

 39,856 

 30,565 

 Average annual rent per bed 

 $ 

 7,323 

 $ 

 7,069 

 $ 

 11,624 

 $ 

 11,140 

 (1) Represents
rental and related revenues and income from DFLs.

 (2) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2011, we removed a post-acute/skilled nursing property from SPP that
was sold or classified as held for sale.

 (3) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented. 

 SPP NOI and Adjusted NOI. SPP NOI and adjusted NOI increased year-over-year primarily as a result of rent escalations. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Including the impact of our SPP, our total portfolio NOI and
adjusted NOI for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily increased as a result of 268 post-acute/skilled nursing leased properties classified as DFLs that were acquired on
April 7, 2011 from HCR ManorCare (see Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the HCR ManorCare Acquisition and Net Investments in
DFLs, respectively, and discussion regarding our share in the earnings of our 9.4% interest in HCR ManorCare below under the caption "Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures"). 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 Life Science 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except
per sq. ft. data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 243,469 

 $ 

 244,401 

 $ 

 (932 

 ) 

 $ 

 246,811 

 $ 

 245,942 

 $ 

 869 

 Tenant recoveries 

 42,164 

 41,882 

 282 

 42,853 

 42,209 

 644 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 285,633 

 $ 

 286,283 

 $ 

 (650 

 ) 

 $ 

 289,664 

 $ 

 288,151 

 $ 

 1,513 

 Operating expenses 

 (47,913 

 ) 

 (49,123 

 ) 

 1,210 

 (53,173 

 ) 

 (52,796 

 ) 

 (377 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 237,720 

 $ 

 237,160 

 $ 

 560 

 $ 

 236,491 

 $ 

 235,355 

 $ 

 1,136 

 Straight-line rents 

 (8,590 

 ) 

 (14,685 

 ) 

 6,095 

 (9,730 

 ) 

 (14,971 

 ) 

 5,241 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 462 

 (1,066 

 ) 

 1,528 

 411 

 (1,123 

 ) 

 1,534 

 Lease termination fees 

 (175 

 ) 

 (7,011 

 ) 

 6,836 

 (175 

 ) 

 (7,011 

 ) 

 6,836 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 229,417 

 $ 

 214,398 

 $ 

 15,019 

 $ 

 226,997 

 $ 

 212,250 

 $ 

 14,747 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 7.0 

 % 

 Property count 

 101 

 101 

 109 

 104 

 Average occupancy 

 91.4 

 % 

 90.5 

 % 

 89.6 

 % 

 89.6 

 % 

 Average occupied square feet 

 6,108 

 6,050 

 6,250 

 6,076 

 Average annual rent per occupied sq. ft. 

 $ 

 45 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 45 

 $ 

 44 

 SPP and Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. NOI increased primarily as a result of lease expansions and extensions and a decline in
non-reimbursable operating expenses, partially offset by a decline in lease termination fees. Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of a $4 million rent payment in connection
with a February 2012 amendment to a lease, annual rent escalations, lease expansions and extensions, and a decline in non-reimbursable operating expenses. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, 978,000 square feet of new and renewal leases commenced at an average annual base rent of $21.71 per square foot compared to 776,000
square feet of expiring and terminated leases with an average annual base rent of $24.23 per square foot. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we acquired 77,000 square feet with an average
annual base rent of $9.79 per square foot. 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 Medical Office 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except
per sq. ft. data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 271,002 

 $ 

 265,851 

 $ 

 5,151 

 $ 

 285,331 

 $ 

 272,362 

 $ 

 12,969 

 Tenant recoveries 

 45,509 

 46,186 

 (677 

 ) 

 49,480 

 47,753 

 1,727 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 316,511 

 $ 

 312,037 

 $ 

 4,474 

 $ 

 334,811 

 $ 

 320,115 

 $ 

 14,696 

 Operating expenses 

 (119,447 

 ) 

 (118,894 

 ) 

 (553 

 ) 

 (132,264 

 ) 

 (127,902 

 ) 

 (4,362 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 197,064 

 $ 

 193,143 

 $ 

 3,921 

 $ 

 202,547 

 $ 

 192,213 

 $ 

 10,334 

 Straight-line rents 

 (4,069 

 ) 

 (5,473 

 ) 

 1,404 

 (5,121 

 ) 

 (5,691 

 ) 

 570 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 358 

 384 

 (26 

 ) 

 457 

 (130 

 ) 

 587 

 Lease termination fees 

 (314 

 ) 

 — 

 (314 

 ) 

 (314 

 ) 

 (212 

 ) 

 (102 

 ) 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 193,039 

 $ 

 188,054 

 $ 

 4,985 

 $ 

 197,569 

 $ 

 186,180 

 $ 

 11,389 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 2.7 

 % 

 Property count (1) 

 183 

 183 

 207 

 187 

 Average occupancy 

 91.4 

 % 

 90.9 

 % 

 91.1 

 % 

 90.9 

 % 

 Average occupied square feet 

 11,642 

 11,556 

 12,295 

 11,865 

 Average annual rent per occupied sq. ft. 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 26 

 (1) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2011, we removed (i) a MOB that was sold or classified as held for sale; and
(ii) three MOBs that were placed into redevelopment in 2012, which no longer meet our criteria for SPP as of the date they were placed into redevelopment. 

 SPP NOI and Adjusted NOI. SPP NOI and adjusted NOI increased year-over-year primarily as a result of rent escalations and an
increase in medical office occupancy. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Including the impact of our SPP, our total portfolio NOI and adjusted NOI increased primarily as
a result of
the additive effect of our MOB acquisitions during 2012. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, 2.2 million square feet of new and renewal leases commenced at an average annual base rent of $21.94 per square foot compared to
2.1 million square feet of expiring and terminated leases with an average annual base rent of $22.43 per square foot. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we acquired
1.1 million square feet with an average annual base rent of $22.19 per square foot. 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

 Hospital 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (dollars in thousands, except per bed data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 79,110 

 $ 

 77,676 

 $ 

 1,434 

 $ 

 82,167 

 $ 

 80,832 

 $ 

 1,335 

 Tenant recoveries 

 2,327 

 2,297 

 30 

 2,326 

 2,296 

 30 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 81,437 

 $ 

 79,973 

 $ 

 1,464 

 $ 

 84,493 

 $ 

 83,128 

 $ 

 1,365 

 Operating expenses 

 (3,506 

 ) 

 (4,328 

 ) 

 822 

 (3,513 

 ) 

 (4,330 

 ) 

 817 

 NOI 

 $ 

 77,931 

 $ 

 75,645 

 $ 

 2,286 

 $ 

 80,980 

 $ 

 78,798 

 $ 

 2,182 

 Straight-line rents 

 (534 

 ) 

 (904 

 ) 

 370 

 (1,114 

 ) 

 (1,525 

 ) 

 411 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (771 

 ) 

 (771 

 ) 

 — 

 (871 

 ) 

 (871 

 ) 

 — 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 76,626 

 $ 

 73,970 

 $ 

 2,656 

 $ 

 78,995 

 $ 

 76,402 

 $ 

 2,593 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 3.6 

 % 

 Property count 

 16 

 16 

 17 

 17 

 Average capacity (beds) (1) 

 2,379 

 2,379 

 2,410 

 2,410 

 Average annual rent per bed 

 $ 

 33,683 

 $ 

 32,912 

 $ 

 34,236 

 $ 

 33,499 

 (1) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented. Certain operators in our hospital portfolio are not required under their respective leases to provide operational data. 

 SPP and Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. NOI and adjusted NOI increased for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily as a
result of
rent escalations and the new leases that commenced in 2012 for two of our hospitals. 

 Other Income and Expense Items 

 Interest income. Interest income decreased $75 million to $25 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease
was
primarily the result of the following: (i) a decrease of $54 million in income earned from and due to the settlement of our HCR ManorCare debt investments in 2011 and (ii) a
decrease of $43 million in income earned from and as a result of prepayment premiums and unamortized discounts recognized in April 2011 upon the early repayment of our loans to Genesis
HealthCare. The decreases in interest income were partially offset by $19 million of interest earned from our loan and senior unsecured notes investments in 2012 (see Notes 7 and 10,
respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 

 Interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2012, interest expense increased $734,000 to $417 million. The increase was
primarily
due to an increase of $13 million resulting from our senior unsecured notes offerings, net of related maturities of certain senior unsecured notes during 2011 and 2012. The increase was offset
by the $11 million write-off of unamortized loan fees related to a terminated bridge loan commitment in 2011 and a decrease resulting from the payoff of certain mortgage debt during
2011. 

 Our
exposure to expense fluctuations related to our variable rate indebtedness is substantially mitigated by our interest rate swap contracts. For a more detailed discussion of our
interest rate risk, see "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in Item 7A. 

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 The
table below sets forth information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts (dollars in thousands): 

 As of December 31, (1) 

 2012 

 2011 

 Balance: 

 Fixed rate 

 $ 

 8,606,075 

 $ 

 7,166,349 

 Variable rate 

 40,385 

 502,919 

 Total 

 $ 

 8,646,460 

 $ 

 7,669,268 

 Percent of total debt: 

 Fixed rate 

 99.5 

 % 

 93.4 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 0.5 

 6.6 

 Total 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 Weighted average interest rate at end of period: 

 Fixed rate 

 5.23 

 % 

 5.83 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 1.49 

 % 

 2.19 

 % 

 Total weighted average rate 

 5.22 

 % 

 5.59 

 % 

 (1) Excludes
$82 million and $88 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, of other debt that represents
non-interest bearing life care bonds and occupancy fee deposits at certain of our senior housing facilities, which have no scheduled maturities. At December 31, 2012,
$86 million of variable-rate mortgages and £137 million ($223 million) term loan are presented as fixed-rate debt as the interest payments
under such debt have been swapped (pay fixed and receive float). At December 31, 2011, $88 million of variable-rate mortgages are presented as fixed-rate debt as
the interest payments under such debt have been swapped (pay fixed and receive float); the interest rates for swapped debt are presented at the swapped rates. 

 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased $8 million to $358 million for the
year ended
December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily the result of additive effects of our acquisitions during 2011 and 2012. 

 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased $17 million to $79 million for the year
ended
December 31, 2012. The decrease was primarily due to an insurance recovery of $7 million during 2012 for previously incurred legal expenses and a decrease of $8 million in
acquisition costs incurred during 2012 compared to similar costs incurred during 2011. 

 Litigation settlement and provision. On November 9, 2011, we entered into an agreement with Ventas to settle all remaining claims
relating to
Ventas's litigation against us arising out of Ventas's 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living REIT. As part of the settlement, we paid $125 million to Ventas, which resulted in a charge for
the same amount (see the information set forth under the heading "Legal Proceedings" of Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). No similar charges were recognized during the year
ended December 31, 2012. 

 Impairments (recoveries). During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recognized an impairment of $8 million as a result of
the
disposition of a life science land parcel (see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recognized an
impairment of $15 million related to a senior secured term loan as a result of concluding that the carrying value of the loan was in excess of the fair value of the related collateral
supporting the loan (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 

 Other income, net. For the year ended December 31, 2012, other income, net decreased $10 million to $3 million. The
decrease was
primarily the result of a gain of $8 million resulting from our acquisition of our partner's 65% interest in and consolidation of HCP Ventures II in January 2011 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

 (see
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) and $6 million received in connection with a litigation settlement in June 2011 that represents proceeds
owed to us from a prior sale of assets. No similar gain upon consolidation was recognized or settlements were received during the year ended December 31, 2012. The decreases were partially
offset by a $5 million charge during the year ended December 31, 2011 for an other-than-temporary impairment of marketable equity securities. 

 Income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2012, income taxes decreased $3 million to a benefit of $2 million. The
decrease
in income taxes was primarily due to the tax benefit resulting from declines in taxable income of our TRS entities during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures. Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures is primarily the result of our 9.4%
equity
interest in HCR ManorCare. The October 2011 CMS reduction of skilled nursing reimbursements under Resource Utilization Group-Version 4 ("RUGs-IV"), together with changes in requirements
for the delivery of group therapy services, reduced HCR ManorCare's revenues and increased its therapy costs in 2012. HCR ManorCare partially mitigated these adverse impacts through a cost reduction
program. Further, HCR ManorCare experienced increased exposure to general and professional liability claims resulting in higher charges in 2012, which, together with the circumstances discussed above,
reduced our share in the earnings from our equity interest in HCR ManorCare. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased $8 million to $54 million. This increase primarily was the result
of the full-year share of earnings from our interest in HCR ManorCare, Inc. compared to a partial-year in 2011 (see Notes 3 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information). The Company's share of earnings from HCR ManorCare (equity income) increases for the corresponding reduction of related lease expense recognized at the HCR
ManorCare level. 

 Discontinued operations. Income from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 was $34 million, compared
to
$7 million for the comparable period in 2011. The increase is primarily due to an increase in gains on real estate dispositions of $28 million, partially offset by a decline in operating
income from discontinued operations of $2 million. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we sold real estate investments for $151 million, compared to $19 million for
the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2011 to the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Segment NOI and Adjusted NOI 

 The tables below provide selected operating information for our SPP and total property portfolio for each of our five business
segments. Our consolidated SPP consists of 550 properties representing properties acquired or placed in service and stabilized on or prior to January 1, 2010 and that remained in operations
under a consistent reporting structure through December 31,
2011. Our consolidated total property portfolio represents 932 and 566 properties at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and excludes properties classified as discontinued operations. 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

 Senior Housing 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (dollars in thousands except per unit data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 Rental revenues (1) 

 $ 

 364,029 

 $ 

 329,926 

 $ 

 34,103 

 $ 

 470,592 

 $ 

 337,220 

 $ 

 133,372 

 Resident fees and services 

 3,542 

 32,596 

 (29,054 

 ) 

 50,619 

 32,596 

 18,023 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 367,571 

 $ 

 362,522 

 $ 

 5,049 

 $ 

 521,211 

 $ 

 369,816 

 $ 

 151,395 

 Operating expenses 

 (991 

 ) 

 (26,474 

 ) 

 25,483 

 (34,538 

 ) 

 (28,773 

 ) 

 (5,765 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 366,580 

 $ 

 336,048 

 $ 

 30,532 

 $ 

 486,673 

 $ 

 341,043 

 $ 

 145,630 

 Straight-line rents 

 (32,612 

 ) 

 (20,416 

 ) 

 (12,196 

 ) 

 (34,911 

 ) 

 (21,746 

 ) 

 (13,165 

 ) 

 DFL accretion 

 (9,052 

 ) 

 (10,641 

 ) 

 1,589 

 (17,918 

 ) 

 (10,641 

 ) 

 (7,277 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (1,569 

 ) 

 (1,974 

 ) 

 405 

 (1,466 

 ) 

 (1,974 

 ) 

 508 

 Lease termination fees 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,350 

 — 

 1,350 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 323,347 

 $ 

 303,017 

 $ 

 20,330 

 $ 

 433,728 

 $ 

 306,682 

 $ 

 127,046 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 6.7 

 % 

 Property count (2) 

 214 

 214 

 312 

 221 

 Average capacity (units) (3) 

 24,246 

 24,219 

 33,911 

 24,453 

 Average annual rent per unit (4) 

 $ 

 13,377 

 $ 

 13,605 

 $ 

 12,887 

 $ 

 12,656 

 (1) Represents
rental and related revenues and income from DFLs.

 (2) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2010, we removed five senior housing properties from SPP that were sold or
classified as held for sale.

 (3) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented.

 (4) Average
annual rent per unit for operating properties under a RIDEA structure is based on NOI. 

 SPP NOI and Adjusted NOI. SPP NOI increased primarily as a result of rent escalations related to new leases or leases not subject to
straight-line rents. SPP NOI includes a decline in resident fees and services and operating expenses as a result of the consolidation of 27 properties in four variable interest entities
from August 31, 2010 to November 1, 2010 (see Notes 12 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statement s for additional information regarding these VIEs). SPP adjusted NOI improved
primarily as a result of annual rent escalations and an increase in rental revenues from properties transitioned from Sunrise to other operators. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Including the impact of our SPP, our total portfolio NOI and adjusted NOI for the year ended
December 31, 2011 primarily increased as a result of 66 senior housing leased properties classified as DFLs that were acquired on April 7, 2011 from HCR ManorCare. 

 Additionally,
HCP Ventures II was consolidated on January 14, 2011 (see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information), resulting in us
recognizing rental and related revenues for the 25 leased properties commencing on that date. On September 1, 2011, for 21 of these 25 properties, we entered into management contracts in a
structure permitted by RIDEA (see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information), resulting in the termination of the properties' leases. For these 21 properties
that are now in a RIDEA structure, the 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 resident-level
revenues and related operating expenses are reported in our consolidated financial statements beginning on that date. 

 Post-Acute/Skilled Nursing 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (dollars in thousands, except per bed data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 Rental revenues (1) 

 $ 

 36,745 

 $ 

 36,023 

 $ 

 722 

 $ 

 397,554 

 $ 

 36,023 

 $ 

 361,531 

 Operating expenses 

 (180 

 ) 

 (135 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 (585 

 ) 

 (176 

 ) 

 (409 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 36,565 

 $ 

 35,888 

 $ 

 677 

 $ 

 396,969 

 $ 

 35,847 

 $ 

 361,122 

 Straight-line rents 

 (967 

 ) 

 (1,162 

 ) 

 195 

 (968 

 ) 

 (1,162 

 ) 

 194 

 DFL accretion 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (56,089 

 ) 

 — 

 (56,089 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 34 

 — 

 34 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 35,598 

 $ 

 34,726 

 $ 

 872 

 $ 

 339,946 

 $ 

 34,685 

 $ 

 305,261 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 2.5 

 % 

 Property count (2) 

 44 

 44 

 312 

 44 

 Average capacity (beds) (3) 

 5,061 

 5,063 

 30,565 

 5,063 

 Average annual rent per bed 

 $ 

 7,069 

 $ 

 6,885 

 $ 

 11,140 

 $ 

 6,885 

 (1) Represents
rental and related revenues and income from DFLs.

 (2) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2010, we removed a post-acute/skilled nursing property from SPP that
was sold or classified as held for sale.

 (3) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Our total portfolio NOI and adjusted NOI for the year ended December 31, 2011 primarily
increased as a
result of 268 post-acute/skilled nursing leased properties classified as DFLs that were acquired on April 7, 2011 from HCR ManorCare. 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 Life Science 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except
per sq. ft. data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 236,996 

 $ 

 235,675 

 $ 

 1,321 

 $ 

 245,942 

 $ 

 237,160 

 $ 

 8,782 

 Tenant recoveries 

 39,671 

 39,375 

 296 

 42,209 

 39,602 

 2,607 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 276,667 

 $ 

 275,050 

 $ 

 1,617 

 $ 

 288,151 

 $ 

 276,762 

 $ 

 11,389 

 Operating expenses 

 (45,570 

 ) 

 (45,613 

 ) 

 43 

 (52,796 

 ) 

 (48,492 

 ) 

 (4,304 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 231,097 

 $ 

 229,437 

 $ 

 1,660 

 $ 

 235,355 

 $ 

 228,270 

 $ 

 7,085 

 Straight-line rents 

 (14,430 

 ) 

 (15,395 

 ) 

 965 

 (14,971 

 ) 

 (15,673 

 ) 

 702 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (1,053 

 ) 

 (394 

 ) 

 (659 

 ) 

 (1,123 

 ) 

 (392 

 ) 

 (731 

 ) 

 Lease termination fees 

 (7,011 

 ) 

 (7,267 

 ) 

 256 

 (7,011 

 ) 

 (7,267 

 ) 

 256 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 208,603 

 $ 

 206,381 

 $ 

 2,222 

 $ 

 212,250 

 $ 

 204,938 

 $ 

 7,312 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 1.1 

 % 

 Property count 

 95 

 95 

 104 

 98 

 Average occupancy 

 92.2 

 % 

 90.0 

 % 

 89.6 

 % 

 89.0 

 % 

 Average occupied square feet 

 5,825 

 5,687 

 6,076 

 5,740 

 Average annual rent per occupied sq. ft. 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 44 

 SPP NOI and Adjusted NOI. SPP NOI increased primarily as a result of annual rent escalations on leases not subject to straight-line
rents. SPP adjusted NOI primarily increased as a result of annual rent escalations, partially offset by a decline due to deferred rent payments in 2010 that did not reoccur in 2011. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. Including the impact from our SPP, our total portfolio NOI increased primarily as a result of the
additive
effect of our life science acquisitions during 2010 and 2011. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2011, 949,000 square feet of new and renewal leases commenced at an average annual base rent of $24.32 per square foot compared to 852,000
square feet of expiring and terminated leases with an average annual base rent of $24.62 per square foot. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we acquired 140,000 square feet with an
average annual base rent of $33.30 per square foot. 

 56 

 Table of Contents 

 Medical Office 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except
per sq. ft. data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 263,743 

 $ 

 260,083 

 $ 

 3,660 

 $ 

 272,362 

 $ 

 262,276 

 $ 

 10,086 

 Tenant recoveries 

 45,191 

 46,631 

 (1,440 

 ) 

 47,753 

 47,009 

 744 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 308,934 

 $ 

 306,714 

 $ 

 2,220 

 $ 

 320,115 

 $ 

 309,285 

 $ 

 10,830 

 Operating expenses 

 (118,909 

 ) 

 (121,576 

 ) 

 2,667 

 (127,902 

 ) 

 (127,887 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 NOI 

 $ 

 190,025 

 $ 

 185,138 

 $ 

 4,887 

 $ 

 192,213 

 $ 

 181,398 

 $ 

 10,815 

 Straight-line rents 

 (5,065 

 ) 

 (3,162 

 ) 

 (1,903 

 ) 

 (5,691 

 ) 

 (3,159 

 ) 

 (2,532 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (130 

 ) 

 (2,179 

 ) 

 2,049 

 (130 

 ) 

 (2,187 

 ) 

 2,057 

 Lease termination fees 

 — 

 (3 

 ) 

 3 

 (212 

 ) 

 (398 

 ) 

 186 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 184,830 

 $ 

 179,794 

 $ 

 5,036 

 $ 

 186,180 

 $ 

 175,654 

 $ 

 10,526 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 2.8 

 % 

 Property count (1) 

 181 

 181 

 187 

 186 

 Average occupancy 

 90.7 

 % 

 90.6 

 % 

 90.9 

 % 

 90.6 

 % 

 Average occupied square feet 

 11,483 

 11,467 

 11,865 

 11,583 

 Average annual rent per occupied sq. ft. 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 26 

 (1) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2010, we removed a MOB that was sold or classified as held for sale. 

 SPP Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. SPP NOI and adjusted NOI increased year-over-year primarily as a result of rent
escalations and an increase in medical office occupancy. 

 Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. In addition to the impact from SPP, total portfolio NOI and adjusted NOI increased
year-over-year as a result of the additive effect of our MOB acquisitions during 2010 and 2011. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2011, 1.9 million square feet of new and renewal leases commenced at an average annual base rent of $22.01 per square foot compared to
1.8 million square feet of expiring and terminated leases with an average annual base rent of $22.92 per square foot. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we acquired 132,000 square
feet with an average annual base rent of $18.74 per square foot. 

 57 

 Table of Contents 

 Hospital 

 Results are as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (dollars in thousands, except per bed data): 

 SPP 

 Total Portfolio 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 77,676 

 $ 

 77,613 

 $ 

 63 

 $ 

 80,832 

 $ 

 81,091 

 $ 

 (259 

 ) 

 Tenant recoveries 

 2,297 

 2,400 

 (103 

 ) 

 2,296 

 2,400 

 (104 

 ) 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 79,973 

 $ 

 80,013 

 $ 

 (40 

 ) 

 $ 

 83,128 

 $ 

 83,491 

 $ 

 (363 

 ) 

 Operating expenses 

 (4,328 

 ) 

 (4,831 

 ) 

 503 

 (4,330 

 ) 

 (4,830 

 ) 

 500 

 NOI 

 $ 

 75,645 

 $ 

 75,182 

 $ 

 463 

 $ 

 78,798 

 $ 

 78,661 

 $ 

 137 

 Straight-line rents 

 (904 

 ) 

 (3,683 

 ) 

 2,779 

 (1,525 

 ) 

 (4,148 

 ) 

 2,623 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (771 

 ) 

 (771 

 ) 

 — 

 (871 

 ) 

 (871 

 ) 

 — 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 73,970 

 $ 

 70,728 

 $ 

 3,242 

 $ 

 76,402 

 $ 

 73,642 

 $ 

 2,760 

 Adjusted NOI % change 

 4.6 

 % 

 Property count (1) 

 16 

 16 

 17 

 17 

 Average capacity (beds) (2) 

 2,379 

 2,368 

 2,410 

 2,399 

 Average annual rent per bed 

 $ 

 32,912 

 $ 

 31,908 

 $ 

 33,499 

 $ 

 32,710 

 (1) From
our past presentation of SPP for the year ended December 31, 2010, we removed a hospital that was placed into redevelopment in 2011, which no
longer meets our criteria for SPP as of the date placed into redevelopment.

 (2) Represents
average capacity as reported by the respective tenants or operators for the twelve month period and a quarter in arrears from the periods
presented. Certain operators in our hospital portfolio are not required under their respective leases to provide operational data. 

 SPP and Total Portfolio NOI and Adjusted NOI. NOI increased for the year ended December 31, 2011 primarily as a result of rent
escalations.
Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of rent escalations and the expiration of rent abatements on our Irvine hospital. 

 Other Income and Expense Items 

 Interest income. For the year ended December 31, 2011, interest income decreased $60 million to $100 million as a result
of
decreases of income earned from and due to the settlement of our HCR ManorCare debt investments in 2011 of $58 million, a decrease of $12 million due to interest earned from marketable
debt securities that were sold in 2010 and a decline of $12 million of interest earned from our Delphis loan as it was placed on non-accrual status in 2011; these decreases were
partially offset by an increase of $35 million in interest earned and prepayment premiums and unamortized discounts recognized in April 2011 upon the early repayment of our loans to Genesis
HealthCare. For a more detailed description of our loan investments and marketable debt securities, see Notes 7 and 10, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Investment management fee income. Investment management fee income decreased $3 million to $2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011 primarily as a result of acquiring our partner's 65% interest in HCP Ventures II on January 14, 2011, which resulted in the termination of the partnerships'
related management contracts. 

 Interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2011, interest expense increased $131 million to $416 million. The
increase in
interest expense was primarily due to a $111 million increase from our $2.4 billion senior unsecured notes offering in January 2011 as a result of prefunding activities from our 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 HCR
ManorCare Acquisition, the $11 million write-off of unamortized loan fees related to an expired bridge loan commitment and the consolidation of HCP Ventures II on
January 14, 2011 that included the consolidation of $635 million of mortgage debt, which increases were partially offset by the impact of repayments of mortgage debt related to
contractual maturities and senior unsecured notes during 2010 and 2011 and lower interest rates during 2011 as compared to 2010. 

 Our
exposure to expense fluctuations related to our variable rate indebtedness is substantially mitigated by our interest rate swap contracts. For a more detailed discussion of our
interest rate risk, see "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in Item 7A. 

 The
table below sets forth information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts (dollars in thousands): 

 As of December 31, (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance: 

 Fixed rate 

 $ 

 7,166,349 

 $ 

 4,260,027 

 Variable rate 

 502,919 

 306,290 

 Total 

 $ 

 7,669,268 

 $ 

 4,566,317 

 Percent of total debt: 

 Fixed rate 

 93 

 % 

 93 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 7 

 7 

 Total 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 Weighted average interest rate at end of period: 

 Fixed rate 

 5.83 

 % 

 6.35 

 % 

 Variable rate 

 2.19 

 % 

 4.03 

 % 

 Total weighted average rate 

 5.59 

 % 

 6.19 

 % 

 (1) December 31,
2011 and 2010 excludes $88 million and $92 million, respectively, of other debt that represents non-interest
bearing life care bonds and occupancy fee deposits at certain of our senior housing facilities, which have no scheduled maturities. At December 31, 2011, $88 million of
variable-rate mortgages are presented as fixed-rate debt as the interest payments under such debt have been swapped (pay fixed and receive float). At December 31, 2010,
$250 million of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes are presented as variable-rate debt as the interest payments under such debt has been swapped (pay float and receive
fixed) and $60 million of variable-rate mortgages are presented as fixed-rate debt as the interest payments under such debt have been swapped (pay fixed and receive
float); the interest rates for swapped debt are presented at the swapped rates. 

 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased $43 million to $350 million for the
year ended
December 31, 2011. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily related to: (i) a $37 million increase as a result of the consolidation of HCP
Ventures II on January 14, 2011 and (ii) a $12 million increase from the additive effect of our other property acquisitions during 2010 and 2011. 

 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses increased $13 million to $96 million for the year
ended
December 31, 2011. The increase in general and administrative expenses was a result of increases in acquisition costs, primarily attributable to our HCR ManorCare Acquisition and compensation
related expenses. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in legal fees associated with litigation matters (see the information set forth under the heading "Legal Proceedings" of
Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 Litigation settlement and provision. On November 9, 2011, we entered into an agreement with Ventas to settle all remaining claims
relating to
Ventas's litigation against us arising out of Ventas's 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living REIT. As part of the settlement, we paid $125 million to 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 Ventas,
which resulted in a charge for the same amount (see the information set forth under the heading "Legal Proceedings" of Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). No similar
charges were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2010. 

 Impairments (recoveries). During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recognized an impairment of $15 million related to our
Delphis
senior secured term loan as a result of concluding that the carrying value of this loan was in excess of the fair value of the related collateral supporting this loan (see Note 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2010, we recognized aggregate income of $12 million, which represents impairment recoveries of portions of impairment charges recognized
in 2009 of investments related to Erickson Retirement Communities and its affiliate entities ("Erickson"). Erickson was the tenant at three of our senior housing CCRC DFLs and the borrower of a senior
construction loan in which we had a participation interest (see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 Other income, net. For the year ended December 31, 2011, other income, net decreased $3 million to $13 million. The year
ended
December 31, 2011, included the net impact of the following: (i) a gain of $8 million resulting from our January 2011 acquisition of our partner's 65% interest in and
consolidation of HCP Ventures II, (ii) income of $6 million in connection with a litigation settlement in June 2011 for proceeds owed to the Company from a sale of assets, and
(iii) a charge of $5 million for an other-than-temporary impairment of marketable equity securities. The year ended December 31, 2010 included gains on
marketable securities of $15 million. 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures. During the year ended December 31, 2011, equity income from unconsolidated joint
ventures
increased $42 million to $47 million. This increase was primarily a result of equity income from our 9.4% interest in HCR ManorCare (see Notes 3 and 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information), partially offset by the impact of our consolidation of HCP Ventures II on January 14, 2011, which was previously accounted for as an
equity method investment. 

 Impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we recognized impairments of
$72 million related to our 35% interest in HCP Ventures II, an unconsolidated joint venture that owned 25 senior housing properties previously leased by Horizon Bay (see Note 8 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). No similar impairments were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Discontinued operations. Income from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 was $7 million, compared to
$29 million for the comparable period in 2010. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in gains on real estate dispositions of $17 million and a decline in operating income from
discontinued operations of $5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we sold properties for $19 million, compared to $56 million for the year ended
December 31, 2010. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund recurring operating expenses, (ii) meet debt service requirements,
including $550 million of senior unsecured notes and $292 million of mortgage debt principal payments and maturities in 2013, (iii) fund capital expenditures, including tenant
improvements and leasing costs, (iv) fund acquisition and development activities, and (v) make dividend distributions. We anticipate that cash flow from continuing operations over the
next 12 months will be adequate to fund our business operations, debt service payments, recurring capital expenditures and cash dividends to shareholders. Capital requirements relating to
maturing indebtedness, acquisitions and development activities may require funding from borrowings and/or equity and debt offerings. 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 Access
to capital markets impacts our cost of capital and ability to refinance maturing indebtedness, as well as our ability to fund future acquisitions and development through the
issuance of additional securities or secured debt. Credit ratings impact our ability to access capital and directly impact our cost of capital as well. For example, as noted below, our revolving line
of credit facility accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus a margin that depends upon our debt ratings. We also pay a facility fee on the entire revolving commitment that depends upon
our debt ratings. As of February 11, 2013, we had a credit rating of BBB+ from Fitch, Baa1 from Moody's and BBB+ from S&P on our senior unsecured debt securities. 

 Net
cash provided by operating activities was $1 billion and $724 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The increase in operating
cash flows is primarily the result of the following: (i) the additive impact of our acquisitions in 2011 and 2012, (ii) assets placed in service in 2011 and 2012 and (iii) rent
escalations and resets in 2011 and 2012, which increases were partially offset by increased debt interest payments. Our cash flows from operations are dependent upon the occupancy level of
multi-tenant buildings, rental rates on leases, our tenants' performance on their lease obligations, the level of operating expenses and other factors. 

 The
following are significant investing and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 • acquired $1.9 billion of real estate, including the $1.7 billion Blackstone JV acquisition; 

 • purchased $215 million (£137 million) of senior unsecured notes and funded $219 million
of loans; 

 • raised $3.5 billion of debt and equity capital to fund, among other things, the aforementioned investments, repay
debt totaling $860 million and redeem preferred securities for $296 million; and 

 • paid dividends on common and preferred stock of $865 million, which are generally funded by cash provided by our
operating activities. 

 Debt 

 Bank line of credit and Term Loan. On March 27, 2012, we executed an amendment to our existing
$1.5 billion unsecured revolving line of credit facility (the "Facility"). This amendment reduces the cost of the Facility (lower borrowing rate and facility fee) and extends the Facility's
maturity by one additional year to March 2016. The Facility contains a one-year extension option. Borrowings under this Facility accrue interest at LIBOR plus a margin that depends upon
our debt ratings. We pay a facility fee on the entire revolving commitment that depends on our debt ratings. Based on our debt ratings at February 11, 2013, the margin on the Facility was
1.075%, and the facility fee was 0.175%. The Facility also includes a feature that will allow us to increase the borrowing capacity by an aggregate amount of up to $500 million, subject to
securing additional commitments from existing lenders or new lending institutions. 

 On
July 30, 2012, we entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for a £137 million ($223 million at December 31, 2012)
four-year unsecured Term Loan (the "Term Loan") that accrues interest at a rate of GBP LIBOR plus 1.20%, based on our current debt ratings. Concurrent with the closing of the Term Loan, we
entered into a four-year interest rate swap agreement that fixed the rate of the Term Loan at 1.81%, subject to adjustments based on our credit ratings. The Term Loan contains a
one-year committed extension option. 

 Our
Facility and Term Loan contain certain financial restrictions and other customary requirements. Among other things, these covenants, using terms defined in the agreements
(i) limit the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Total Asset Value to 60%, (ii) limit the ratio 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 of
Secured Debt to Consolidated Total Asset Value to 30%, (iii) limit the ratio of Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Unencumbered Asset Value to 60%, (iv) require a minimum Fixed Charge
Coverage ratio of 1.5 times and (v) require a formula-determined Minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth of $9.2 billion at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, we were
in compliance with each of these restrictions and requirements of the Facility and Term Loan. 

 Our
Facility also contains cross-default provisions to other indebtedness of ours, including in some instances, certain mortgages on our properties. Certain mortgages contain default
provisions relating to defaults under the leases or operating agreements on the applicable properties by our operators or tenants, including default provisions relating to the bankruptcy filings of
such operator or tenant. Although we believe that we would be able to secure amendments under the applicable agreements if a default as described above occurs, such a default may result in
significantly less favorable borrowing terms than currently available, material delays in the availability of funding or other material adverse consequences. 

 Senior unsecured notes. At December 31, 2012, we had senior unsecured notes outstanding with an aggregate principal balance of
$6.7 billion. Interest rates on the notes ranged from 1.21% to 7.07% with a weighted average effective interest rate of 5.10% and a weighted average maturity of six years at December 31,
2012. The senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants including limitations on debt, maintenance of unencumbered assets, cross-acceleration provisions and other customary terms. At
December 31, 2012, we believe we were in compliance with these covenants. 

 Mortgage debt. At December 31, 2012, we had $1.7 billion in aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding that is
secured by
135 healthcare facilities (including redevelopment properties) with a carrying value of $2.1 billion. Interest rates on the mortgage debt ranged from 1.54% to 8.69% with a weighted average
effective interest rate of 6.13% and a weighted average maturity of four years at December 31, 2012. 

 Mortgage
debt generally requires monthly principal and interest payments, is collateralized by certain properties and is generally non-recourse. Mortgage debt typically
restricts transfer of the encumbered properties, prohibits additional liens, restricts prepayment, requires payment of real estate taxes, requires maintenance of the assets in good condition, requires
maintenance of insurance on the assets and includes conditions to obtain lender consent to enter into and terminate material leases. Some of the mortgage debt is also cross-collateralized by multiple
properties and may require tenants or operators to maintain compliance with the applicable leases or operating agreements of such real estate assets. 

 Other debt. At December 31, 2012, we had $82 million of non-interest bearing life care bonds at two of our continuing care
retirement communities and non-interest bearing occupancy fee deposits at two of our senior housing facilities, all of which were payable to certain residents of the facilities
(collectively, "Life Care Bonds"). The Life Care Bonds are refundable to the residents upon the termination of the contract or upon the successful resale of the unit. 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 Debt Maturities 

 The following table summarizes our stated debt maturities and scheduled principal repayments at December 31, 2012 (in
thousands): 

 Year

 Term Loan (1) 

 Senior

Unsecured

Notes 

 Mortgage 

 Total (2) 

 2013 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 550,000 

 $ 

 291,747 

 $ 

 841,747 

 2014 

 — 

 487,000 

 179,695 

 666,695 

 2015 

 — 

 400,000 

 308,048 

 708,048 

 2016 

 222,694 

 900,000 

 291,338 

 1,414,032 

 2017 

 — 

 750,000 

 550,052 

 1,300,052 

 Thereafter 

 — 

 3,650,000 

 65,886 

 3,715,886 

 222,694 

 6,737,000 

 1,686,766 

 8,646,460 

 (Discounts) and premiums, net 

 — 

 (24,376 

 ) 

 (10,222 

 ) 

 (34,598 

 ) 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 6,712,624 

 $ 

 1,676,544 

 $ 

 8,611,862 

 (1) Represents
£137 million translated into U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2012.

 (2) Excludes
$82 million of other debt that represents Life Care Bonds that have no scheduled maturities. 

 Derivative Financial Instruments. We use derivative instruments to mitigate the effects of interest rate and foreign exchange
fluctuations on
specific forecasted transactions as well as recognized financial obligations or assets. We do not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 

 The
following table summarizes our outstanding interest rate and foreign exchange swap contracts as of December 31, 2012 (dollars and GBP in thousands): 

 Date Entered

 Maturity Date 

 Hedge

Designation 

 Fixed

Rate/Buy

Amount 

 Floating/Exchange Rate Index 

 Notional/Sell

Amount 

 Fair Value 

 July 2005 

 July 2020 

 Cash Flow 

 3.82 

 % 

 BMA Swap Index 

 $ 

 45,600 

 $ 

 (8,666 

 ) 

 November 2008 

 October 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 5.95 

 % 

 1 Month LIBOR+1.50% 

 27,000 

 (3,878 

 ) 

 July 2009 

 July 2013 

 Cash Flow 

 6.13 

 % 

 1 Month LIBOR+3.65% 

 13,700 

 (155 

 ) 

 July 2012 

 June 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 1.81 

 % 

 1 Month GBP LIBOR+1.20% 

 £137,000 

 89 

 July 2012 

 June 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 $ 

 79,600 

 Buy USD/Sell GBP 

 £ 50,700 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 For a more detailed description of our derivative financial instruments, see Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and
"Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in Item 7A. 

 Equity 

 At December 31, 2012, we had 453 million shares of common stock outstanding. At December 31, 2012, equity totaled
$10.8 billion, and our equity securities had a market value of $20.7 billion. 

 As
of December 31, 2012, there were a total of four million DownREIT units outstanding in four limited liability companies in which we are the managing member. The DownREIT units
are exchangeable for an amount of cash approximating the then-current market value of shares of our common stock or, at our option, shares of our common stock (subject to certain
adjustments, such as stock splits and reclassifications). 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 Shelf Registration 

 We have a prospectus that we filed with the SEC as part of a registration statement on Form S-3ASR, using a shelf
registration process which expires in July 2015. Under the "shelf" process, we may sell any combination of the securities in one or more offerings. The securities described in the prospectus include
common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities and warrants. 

 The
prospectus only provides a general description of the securities we may offer. The prospectus may not be used to sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement or a
free writing prospectus. Each time we sell securities under the shelf registration, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of the securities
being offered and of the offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in the prospectus. 

 We
may offer and sell the securities pursuant to the prospectus through underwriters, dealers or agents or directly to purchasers, on a continuous or delayed basis. The securities may
also be resold by selling security holders. The prospectus supplement for each offering will describe in detail the plan of distribution for that offering and will set forth the names of any
underwriters, dealers or agents involved in the offering and any applicable fees, commissions or discount arrangements. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sales of the securities as set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement, and unless otherwise set forth in a therein, we will not receive any proceeds if the securities are sold by a selling security holder. 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measure—Funds From Operations ("FFO") 

 We believe FFO applicable to common shares, diluted FFO applicable to common shares, and basic and diluted FFO per common share are
important supplemental non-GAAP measures of operating performance for a REIT. Because the historical cost accounting convention used for real estate assets utilizes
straight-line depreciation (except on land), such accounting presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead
have historically risen and fallen with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that uses historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative. The term FFO
was designed by the REIT industry to address this issue. 

 FFO
is defined as net income applicable to common shares (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains or losses from acquisition and dispositions of depreciable real estate or
related interests, impairments of, or related to, depreciable real estate, plus real estate and DFL depreciation and amortization, with adjustments for joint ventures. Adjustments for joint ventures
are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash
needs and should not be considered an alternative to net income. We compute FFO in accordance with the current National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts' ("NAREIT") definition; however,
other REITs may report FFO differently or have a different interpretation of the current NAREIT definition from us. In addition, we present FFO before the impact of litigation settlement charges,
preferred stock redemption charges, impairments (recoveries) of non-depreciable assets and merger-related items (defined below) ("FFO as adjusted"). Management believes FFO as adjusted is
a useful alternative measurement. This measure is a modification of the NAREIT definition of FFO and should not be used as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP). 

 Details
of certain items that affect comparability are discussed under Results of Operations above. The following is a reconciliation from
net income applicable to common shares, the most direct 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 comparable
financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to FFO and FFO as adjusted (in thousands, except per share data): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 812,289 

 $ 

 515,302 

 $ 

 307,498 

 Depreciation and amortization of real estate, in-place lease and other intangibles: 

 Continuing operations 

 358,245 

 349,922 

 306,934 

 Discontinued operations 

 8,267 

 7,473 

 6,513 

 DFL depreciation 

 12,756 

 8,840 

 — 

 Gain on sales of real estate 

 (31,454 

 ) 

 (3,107 

 ) 

 (19,925 

 ) 

 Gain upon consolidation of joint venture 

 — 

 (7,769 

 ) 

 — 

 Impairments of interests in unconsolidated joint venture 

 — 

 — 

 71,693 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (54,455 

 ) 

 (46,750 

 ) 

 (4,770 

 ) 

 FFO from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 64,933 

 56,887 

 25,288 

 Noncontrolling interests' and participating securities' share in earnings 

 17,547 

 18,062 

 15,767 

 Noncontrolling interests' and participating securities' share in FFO 

 (21,620 

 ) 

 (20,953 

 ) 

 (18,361 

 ) 

 FFO applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1,166,508 

 $ 

 877,907 

 $ 

 690,637 

 Distributions on dilutive convertible units 

 13,028 

 6,916 

 11,847 

 Diluted FFO applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1,179,536 

 $ 

 884,823 

 $ 

 702,484 

 Diluted FFO per common share 

 $ 

 2.72 

 $ 

 2.19 

 $ 

 2.25 

 Weighted average shares used to calculate diluted FFO per common share 

 434,328 

 403,864 

 312,797 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 $ 

 1.90 

 $ 

 1.29 

 $ 

 1.00 

 Depreciation and amortization of real estate, in-place lease and other intangibles 

 0.85 

 0.89 

 1.02 

 DFL depreciation 

 0.03 

 0.02 

 — 

 Gain on sales of real estate and upon consolidation of joint venture 

 (0.07 

 ) 

 (0.03 

 ) 

 (0.06 

 ) 

 Impairments of interests in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 — 

 — 

 0.23 

 Joint venture and participating securities FFO adjustments 

 0.01 

 0.02 

 0.06 

 Diluted FFO per common share 

 $ 

 2.72 

 $ 

 2.19 

 $ 

 2.25 

 Impact of adjustments to FFO: 

 Preferred stock redemption charge (1) 

 $ 

 10,432 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Litigation settlement and provision charges (2) 

 — 

 125,000 

 — 

 Other impairments (recoveries) (3) 

 7,878 

 15,400 

 (11,900 

 ) 

 Merger-related items (4) 

 5,642 

 26,596 

 4,339 

 $ 

 23,952 

 $ 

 166,996 

 $ 

 (7,561 

 ) 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 FFO as adjusted applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1,190,460 

 $ 

 1,044,903 

 $ 

 683,076 

 Distributions on dilutive convertible units 

 12,957 

 11,646 

 12,089 

 Diluted FFO as adjusted 

 $ 

 1,203,417 

 $ 

 1,056,549 

 $ 

 695,165 

 Diluted FFO as adjusted per common share 

 $ 

 2.78 

 $ 

 2.69 

 $ 

 2.23 

 Weighted average shares used to calculate diluted FFO as adjusted per common share (5) 

 433,607 

 393,237 

 311,285 

 (1) In
connection with the redemption of our preferred stock, during the year ended December 31, 2012, we incurred a redemption charge of
$10.4 million related to the original issuance costs.

 (2) The
litigation settlement charge during the year ended December 31, 2011 relates to the Ventas settlement.

 (3) The
following impairments, net of recoveries had an impact on FFO: 

 • The impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2012 relates to the
sale of a land parcel in our life science segment. 

 • The impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2011 relates to our
senior secured loan to Delphis. 

 • Recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2010 relate to portions of
previous impairment charges related to investments in three direct financing leases (non-depreciable due to lessee purchase option) and a participation interest in a senior construction
loan related to Erickson.

 (4) The
year ended December 31, 2012 merger-related items of $0.02 per share attributable to the Senior Housing Portfolio acquisition include direct
transaction costs and the impact of the negative carry of prefunding the transaction with the $1.0 billion, or 22 million shares, common stock offering completed on October 19,
2012 on the calculation of weighted average shares. Proceeds from this offering were used to fund the Senior Housing Portfolio Acquisition. Merger-related items for the year ended December 31,
2011 are attributable to our HCR ManorCare Acquisition (incurred from January 1st through April 6th 2011), which include the following: (i) $26.8 million of
direct transaction costs, (ii) $23.9 million of interest expense associated with the $2.4 billion senior unsecured notes issued on January 24, 2011, proceeds from which
were obtained to prefund the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, partially offset by (iii) $24.1 million of income related to gains upon the reinvestment of the our debt investment in HCR
ManorCare and other miscellaneous items. Merger-related items for 2010 primarily include professional fees associated with our HCR ManorCare Acquisition.

 (5) Our
weighted average shares used to calculate diluted FFO as adjusted eliminate the impact of 46 million shares of common stock from our December
2010 offering and 30 million shares from our March 2011 common stock offering (excludes 4.5 million shares sold to the underwriters upon exercise of their option to purchase additional
shares), which issuances increased our weighted average shares by 12.9 million and 1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Proceeds from these
offerings were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the HCR ManorCare Acquisition. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We own interests in certain unconsolidated joint ventures as described under Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Except in limited circumstances, our risk of loss is limited to our investment in the joint venture and any outstanding loans receivable. In addition, we have certain properties which serve as
collateral for debt that is owed by a previous owner of certain of our facilities, as described under Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our risk of loss for these certain
properties is limited to the outstanding debt balance plus penalties, if any. We have no other material off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity
and capital resources except those described below under Contractual Obligations . 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 

 The following table summarizes our material contractual payment obligations and commitments at December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

 Total (1) 

 Less than

One Year 

 2014-2015 

 2016-2017 

 More than

Five Years 

 Term loan (2) 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 — 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 6,737,000 

 550,000 

 887,000 

 1,650,000 

 3,650,000 

 Mortgage debt 

 1,686,766 

 291,747 

 487,743 

 841,390 

 65,886 

 Construction loan commitments (3) 

 50,216 

 35,926 

 14,290 

 — 

 — 

 Development commitments (4) 

 13,514 

 13,079 

 435 

 — 

 — 

 Ground and other operating leases 

 224,574 

 7,734 

 13,491 

 10,025 

 193,324 

 Interest (5) 

 2,554,191 

 424,618 

 717,441 

 526,560 

 885,572 

 Total 

 $ 

 11,488,955 

 $ 

 1,323,104 

 $ 

 2,120,400 

 $ 

 3,250,669 

 $ 

 4,794,782 

 (1) Excludes
$82 million of other debt that represents Life Care Bonds that have no scheduled maturities.

 (2) Represents
£137 million translated into U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2012.

 (3) Represents
commitments to finance development projects and related working capital financings.

 (4) Represents
construction and other commitments for developments in progress.

 (5) Interest
on variable-rate debt is calculated using rates in effect at December 31, 2012. 

 Inflation 

 Our leases often provide for either fixed increases in base rents or indexed escalators, based on the Consumer Price Index or other
measures, and/or additional rent based on increases in the tenants' operating revenues. Most of our MOB leases require the tenant to pay a share of property operating costs such as real estate taxes,
insurance and utilities. Substantially all of our senior housing, life science, post-acute/skilled nursing and hospital leases require the operator or tenant to pay all of the property
operating costs or reimburse us for all such costs. We believe that inflationary increases in expenses will be offset, in part, by the operator or tenant expense reimbursements and contractual rent
increases described above. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact of new accounting standards. There were no accounting
pronouncements that were issued, but not yet adopted by us, that we believe will materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We use derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate interest rate and foreign currency risk. We do not
use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Derivatives are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. See Note 24 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

 To
illustrate the effect of movements in the interest rate and foreign currency markets, we performed a market sensitivity analysis on our hedging instruments. We applied various basis
point spreads to the underlying interest rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates of the derivative portfolio in order to determine the instruments' change in fair value. Assuming a one
percentage point change in the underlying interest rate curve and foreign currency exchange rates, the estimated change 

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 in
fair value of each of the underlying derivative instruments would not exceed $8 million. See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional analysis details. 

 Interest Rate Risk. At December 31, 2012, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on properties
with a gross
value of $83 million that are subject to leases where the payments fluctuate with changes in LIBOR (excludes $223 million of variable-rate senior unsecured notes that have
been hedged through interest-rate swap contracts). Our exposure to income fluctuations related to our variable-rate investments is partially offset by:
(i) $25 million of variable-rate senior unsecured notes and (ii) $15 million of variable-rate mortgage debt payable (excludes $86 million of
variable-rate mortgage notes that have been hedged through interest-rate swap contracts). Additionally, our exposure to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates
excludes our GBP denominated $223 million (£137 million) variable-rate Term Loan that has been hedged through interest-rate swap contracts. 

 Interest
rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed rate debt and assets unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated.
However, interest rate changes will affect the fair value of our fixed rate instruments. Conversely, changes in interest rates on variable rate debt and investments would change our future earnings
and cash flows, but not significantly affect the fair value of those instruments. Assuming a one percentage point increase in the interest rate related to the variable-rate investments and
variable-rate debt, and assuming no other changes in the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2012, our annual interest expense would increase by approximately
$0.3 million, or less than $0.01 per common share on a diluted basis. 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk. At December 31, 2012, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates relates to forecasted
interest
receipts from our GBP denominated senior unsecured notes (see additional discussion of the Four Seasons Health Care Senior Unsecured Notes in Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Our foreign currency exchange exposure is mitigated by the forecasted interest and principal payments from our GBP denominated unsecured Term Loan (see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information) and a foreign currency swap contract for approximately 85% of the forecasted interest receipts from our senior unsecured notes through the non-call
period which ends on June 15, 2016. 

 Market Risk. We have investments in marketable debt securities classified as held-to-maturity, because we have the positive
intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost and adjusted for the amortization of premiums and discounts
through maturity. We consider a variety of factors in evaluating an other-than-temporary decline in value, such as: the length of time and the extent to which the market value
has been less than our current adjusted carrying value; the issuer's financial condition, capital strength and near-term prospects; any recent events specific to that issuer and economic
conditions of its industry; and our investment horizon in relationship to an anticipated near-term recovery in the market value, if any. At December 31, 2012, the fair value and
adjusted carrying value of marketable debt securities were $234 million and $223 million, respectively. 

 We
have investments in marketable equity securities classified as available-for-sale. Gains and losses on these securities are recognized in income when realized,
and losses are recognized when an other-than-temporary decline in value is identified. An initial indicator of an other-than-temporary decline in value
for marketable equity securities is based on the severity of the decline in market value below the cost basis for an extended period of time. We consider a variety of factors in evaluating an
other-than-temporary decline in value, such as: the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our current cost basis; the issuer's financial
condition, capital strength and near-term prospects; any recent events specific to that issuer and economic conditions of its industry; and our investment horizon in relationship to an
anticipated near-term recovery in the market value, if 

 68 

 Table of Contents 

 any.
At December 31, 2012, the fair value and adjusted cost basis of marketable equity securities were $25 million and $17 million, respectively. 

 The
principal amount and the average interest rates for our loans receivable and debt categorized by maturity dates is presented in the table below. The fair value for our senior
unsecured notes payable is based on prevailing market prices. The fair value estimates for loans receivable and mortgage debt payable are based on discounting future cash flows utilizing current rates
for loans and debt of the same type and remaining maturity. 

 Maturity 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Fair Value 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 Assets: 

 Loans receivable (USD) 

 $ 

 38,633 

 (1) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 15,640 

 $ 

 111,900 

 $ 

 111,742 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 277,915 

 $ 

 279,850 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 13.48 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 8.00 

 % 

 7.25 

 % 

 11.61 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 9.91 

 % 

 Debt securities held-for-sale (GBP) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 222,809 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 222,809 

 $ 

 234,137 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 12.25 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 12.25 

 % 

 Liabilities (2) : 

 Variable-rate debt: 

 Term loan (GBP) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 222,694 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 2.00 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 2.00 

 % 

 Senior unsecured notes payable (USD) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 25,000 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 25,000 

 $ 

 24,982 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 — 

 % 

 1.27 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.27 

 % 

 Mortgage debt payable (USD) 

 $ 

 6,430 

 $ 

 455 

 $ 

 8,500 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 15,385 

 $ 

 14,205 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 2.01 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.75 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.85 

 % 

 Fixed-rate debt: 

 Senior unsecured notes payable (USD) 

 $ 

 550,000 

 $ 

 462,000 

 $ 

 400,000 

 $ 

 900,000 

 $ 

 750,000 

 $ 

 3,650,000 

 $ 

 6,712,000 

 $ 

 7,407,031 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 5.80 

 % 

 3.32 

 % 

 6.64 

 % 

 5.07 

 % 

 6.04 

 % 

 4.89 

 % 

 5.11 

 % 

 Mortgage debt payable (USD) 

 $ 

 285,317 

 $ 

 179,240 

 $ 

 299,548 

 $ 

 291,338 

 $ 

 550,052 

 $ 

 65,887 

 $ 

 1,671,382 

 $ 

 1,756,949 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 6.25 

 % 

 5.78 

 % 

 6.17 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 6.04 

 % 

 5.26 

 % 

 6.17 

 % 

 Interest rate derivatives assets (liabilities): 

 Variable-rate debt: 

 Variable to fixed 

 $ 

 (155 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (3,878 

 ) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (8,666 

 ) 

 $ 

 (12,699 

 ) 

 $ 

 (12,699 

 ) 

 Weighted average pay rate 

 6.13 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 5.95 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 3.82 

 % 

 4.50 

 % 

 Weighted average receive rate 

 3.86 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 2.67 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.21 

 % 

 1.69 

 % 

 Variable to fixed (GBP) 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 89 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 89 

 $ 

 89 

 Weighted average pay rate 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.81 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.81 

 % 

 Weighted average receive rate 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.82 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 — 

 % 

 1.82 

 % 

 (1) Effective
January 1, 2011, a senior secured loan to Delphis was placed on non-accrual status. For additional information regarding the
senior secured loan to Delphis see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 (2) Excludes
$82 million of other debt that represents non-interest bearing Life Care Bonds and occupancy fee deposits at certain of our
senior housing facilities, which have no scheduled maturities. 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 None. 

 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required
to be
disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and
evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

 Also,
we have investments in certain unconsolidated entities. Our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain
with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. 

 As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2012. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of December 31, 2012, at the reasonable assurance level. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2012 to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonable
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework ,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012. 

 The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of HCP, Inc.

Long Beach, California 

 We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of HCP, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's
management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because
of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, of the Company and our report dated February 12, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and
financial statement schedules and
included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive
Income . 

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

 Los
Angeles, California

February 12, 2013 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

 PART III 

 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Our executive officers were as follows on February 1, 2013: 

 Name

 Age 

 Position 

 James F. Flaherty III 

 55 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Jonathan M. Bergschneider 

 38 

 Executive Vice President—Life Science Estates 

 Paul F. Gallagher 

 52 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer 

 Edward J. Henning 

 59 

 Executive Vice President 

 Thomas D. Kirby 

 66 

 Executive Vice President—Acquisitions and Valuations 

 Thomas M. Klaritch 

 55 

 Executive Vice President—Medical Office Properties 

 James W. Mercer 

 68 

 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

 Timothy M. Schoen 

 45 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 Susan M. Tate 

 52 

 Executive Vice President—Post-Acute and Hospitals 

 Kendall K. Young 

 52 

 Executive Vice President—Senior Housing 

 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer
and all senior financial officers, including our
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller. A current copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at
www.hcpi.com. In addition, waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to our directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, will be timely posted in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.hcpi.com. 

 We
hereby incorporate by reference the information appearing under the captions "Directors and Executive Officers," "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" and
"Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2013. 

 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

 We hereby incorporate by reference the information under the caption "Executive Compensation" in the Registrant's definitive proxy
statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2013. 

 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 We hereby incorporate by reference the information under the captions "Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders, Directors and
Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2013. 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 We hereby incorporate by reference the information under the captions "Certain Transactions" and "Board of Directors and Corporate
Governance" in the Registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2013. 

 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 We hereby incorporate by reference under the caption "Audit and Non-Audit Fees" in the Registrant's definitive proxy
statement relating to its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2013. 

 PART IV 

 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (2012) 

 (a)(1) 

 Financial Statements: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm—Deloitte & Touche LLP 

 Financial Statements 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets—December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 Consolidated Statements of Income—for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income—for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity—for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows—for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 (a)(2) 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 Note: All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is presented in the financial statements and the related notes or because the schedules are not applicable. 

 (a)(3) 

 Exhibits:

 2.1 

 Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2010, by and among HCP, Inc., HCP 2010 REIT LLC, HCR ManorCare, Inc., HCR Properties, LLC and HCR Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 2.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed December 14, 2010). 

 2.1.1 

 Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2011, by and among HCP, Inc., HCP 2010 REIT LLC, HCR ManorCare MergeCo, Inc., HCR ManorCare, LLC, HCR Properties, LLC and HCR Healthcare,
 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed April 13, 2011).† 

 2.2 

 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2012, by and among BRE/SW Portfolio LLC, those owner entities listed on Schedule 1 thereto, HCP, Inc. and Emeritus Corporation.** 

 3.1 

 Articles of Restatement of HCP (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to HCP's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-182824, filed July 24, 2012). 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 3.2 

 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of HCP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed September 25, 2006). 

 3.2.1 

 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of HCP (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.2.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended
September 30, 2007). 

 3.2.2 

 Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of HCP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended
September 30, 2009). 

 3.2.3 

 Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of HCP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed March 10,
2011). 

 4.1 

 Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, between HCP and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to HCP's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (Registration
No. 333-86654), filed May 21, 2002). 

 4.1.1 

 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2011, to the Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, by and between HCP and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 24, 2011). 

 4.2 

 Indenture, dated as of January 15, 1997, by and between American Health Properties, Inc. (a company that merged with and into HCP) and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to American Health Properties, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 21, 1997). 

 4.2.1 

 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 4, 1999, to the Indenture, dated as of January 15, 1997, by and between HCP and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 4.4 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 1999). 

 4.3 

 Form of Fixed Rate Global Medium-Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed November 20, 2003). 

 4.4 

 Form of Floating Rate Global Medium-Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed November 20, 2003). 

 4.5 

 Form of Fixed Rate Global Medium-Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed February 17, 2006). 

 4.6 

 Form of Floating Rate Global Medium-Term Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed February 17, 2006). 

 4.7 

 Officers' Certificate pursuant to Section 301 of the Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, by and between HCP and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled "6.00% Senior
Notes due March 1, 2015" (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed February 28, 2003). 

 74 

 Table of Contents 

 4.8 

 Officers' Certificate pursuant to Section 301 of the Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, by and between HCP and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled
"5 5 / 8 % Senior Notes due May 1, 2017" (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed April 27, 2005). 

 4.9 

 Officers' Certificate pursuant to Section 301 of the Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, by and between HCP and The Bank of New York, as trustee, setting forth the terms of HCP's Fixed Rate Medium-Term
Notes and Floating Rate Medium-Term Notes (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed February 17, 2006). 

 4.10 

 Form of 5.95% Notes Due 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed September 19, 2006). 

 4.11 

 Form of 6.30% Notes Due 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed September 19, 2006). 

 4.12 

 Form of 5.65% Senior Notes Due 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed December 4, 2006). 

 4.13 

 Form of 6.00% Senior Notes Due 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 22, 2007). 

 4.14 

 Officers' Certificate (including Form of 6.70% Senior Notes Due 2018 as Annex A thereto), dated October 15, 2007, pursuant to Section 301 of the Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, by and
between HCP and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, establishing a series of securities entitled "6.70% Senior Notes due 2018" (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.29 to HCP's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895), filed October 30, 2007). 

 4.15 

 Form of 2.700% Senior Notes due 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 24, 2011). 

 4.16 

 Form of 3.750% Senior Notes due 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 24, 2011). 

 4.17 

 Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 24, 2011). 

 4.18 

 Form of 6.750% Senior Notes due 2041 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 24, 2011). 

 4.19 

 Form of 3.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 23, 2012). 

 10.1 

 Second Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to HCP's Proxy Statement (File No. 1-08895), filed March 21, 1997).* 

 10.1.1 

 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of November 3, 1999 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 1999).* 

 10.1.2 

 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of January 4, 2000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 1999).* 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 10.2 

 Second Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to HCP's Proxy Statement (File No. 1 08895), filed March 21, 1997).* 

 10.2.1 

 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of November 3, 1999 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File
No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 1999).* 

 10.3 

 Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of May 7, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to HCP's Proxy Statement (File No. 1-08895) for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
held on May 7, 2003).* 

 10.3.1 

 First Amendment to Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (effective as of May 7, 2003) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895),
 filed February 3, 2005).* 

 10.3.2 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees and Consultants, effective as of May 7, 2003, relating to HCP's Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30
to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2003).* 

 10.3.3 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors, effective as of May 7, 2003, relating to HCP's Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to HCP's Annual
Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2003).* 

 10.3.4 

 CEO Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, relating to HCP's Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File
No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2005).* 

 10.4 

 Second Amended and Restated Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended
September 30, 2009).* 

 10.5 

 Amended and Restated Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of May 7, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended
December 31, 2003).* 

 10.6 

 2006 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Annex 2 to HCP's Proxy Statement (File No. 1-08895) for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 23,
2009).* 

 10.6.1 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with five-year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2009).* 

 10.6.2 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with three-year cliff vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2009).*] 

 10.6.3 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with five-year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2009).* 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

 10.6.4 

 Form of Director 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Director Stock Unit Award Agreement with four-year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 

 10.6.5 

 HCP, Inc. Terms and Conditions Applicable to Restricted Stock Unit Awards Granted Under the 2006 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011).* 

 10.6.6 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the
quarter ended June 30, 2011).* 

 10.6.7 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with five-year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2008).* 

 10.6.8 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with three-year cliff vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2008).* 

 10.6.9 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with five- year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to HCP's Annual Report on
Form 10-K, as amended (Filed No. 1-08895), for the year ended December 31, 2007).* 

 10.6.10 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement with five-year installment vesting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2006).* 

 10.6.11 

 Form of Non-Employee Director 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement with five- year installment vesting, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2006).* 

 10.6.12 

 Form of Non-Employee Directors 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Stock-For-Fees Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed
August 2, 2006).* 

 10.6.13 

 Amended and Restated Stock Unit Award Agreement Granted Under 2006 Performance Incentive Plan, dated April 24, 2008, by and between HCP and James F. Flaherty III (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.25 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2008).* 

 10.6.14 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the
quarter ended March 31, 2012).* 

 10.6.15 

 Form of CEO 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter
ended March 31, 2012).* 

 10.6.16 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter
ended March 31, 2012).* 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 10.6.17 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for
the quarter ended March 31, 2012).* 

 10.6.18 

 Form of Employee 2006 Performance Incentive Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the
quarter ended March 31, 2012).* 

 10.7 

 Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2012).* 

 10.8 

 Executive Bonus Program (incorporated herein by reference to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed January 31, 2008.* 

 10.9 

 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, amended as of July 25, 2012 (incorporated by reference to HCP's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-182824), dated
July 24, 2012 and as supplemented on July 25, 2012. 

 10.10 

 Form of directors and officers Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended
December 31, 2007).* 

 10.11 

 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2009, by and between HCP and Scott A. Anderson (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895)
for the quarter ended June 30, 2009).* 

 10.12 

 Letter Agreement, dated July 7, 2010, by and between HCP and Kendall Young. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter
ended September 30, 2010).* 

 10.13 

 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2008, by and between HCP and James F. Flaherty III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2008).* 

 10.14 

 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2012, by and between HCP and Paul F. Gallagher (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File 1-08895),
filed February 1, 2012).* 

 10.15 

 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2012, by and between HCP and Timothy M. Schoen (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File 1-08895),
filed February 1, 2012).* 

 10.16 

 Employment Agreement, dated October 25, 2012, by and between HCP, Inc. and James W. Mercer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File
No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2012).* 

 10.17 

 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Utah, LLC, dated as of January 20, 1999 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 1998). 

 10.18 

 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Utah II, LLC, dated as of August 17, 2001, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on
Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed November 9, 2012). 

 10.19 

 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Tennessee, LLC, dated as of October 2, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2003). 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 10.19.1 

 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Tennessee, LLC, dated as of September 29, 2004 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to HCP's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2004). 

 10.19.2 

 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Tennessee, LLC, dated as of October 29, 2004 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to HCP's Annual
Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2004). 

 10.19.3 

 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Tennessee, LLC and New Member Joinder Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2005, by and among HCP, HCPI/Tennessee, LLC
and A. Daniel Weyland (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2005). 

 10.19.4 

 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HCPI/Tennessee, LLC, effective as of January 1, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12.4 to HCP's Annual
Report on Form 10-K, as amended (File No. 1-08895), for the year ended December 31, 2007). 

 10.20 

 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of HC PDR MCD, LLC, dated as of February 9, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File
No. 1-08895), filed April 20, 2012). 

 10.21 

 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2010, among HCP, Inc., HCR ManorCare, Inc. and certain stockholders of HCR ManorCare, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed December 14, 2010). 

 10.22 

 Form of Mezzanine Loan Agreement defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 

 10.23 

 Form of Intercreditor Agreement defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 

 10.24 

 Form of Cash Management Agreement defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 

 10.25 

 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to HCP's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 

 10.26 

 Form of Promissory Note defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended
(File No. 1-08895), for the year ended December 31, 2007). 

 10.27 

 Form of Guaranty Agreement defining HCP's rights and obligations in connection with its HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
amended (File No. 1-08895), for the year ended December 31, 2007). 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 10.28 

 Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement entered into in connection with HCP's Manor Care investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended (File
No. 1-08895), for the year ended December 31, 2007). 

 10.29 

 Form of Omnibus Assignment entered into in connection with HCP's HCR ManorCare investment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the
quarter ended June 30, 2010). 

 10.30 

 Cross-Collateralization, Cross-Contribution and Cross-Default Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2000, by and between HCP Medical Office Buildings II, LLC and Texas HCP Medical Office Buildings, L.P.,
for the benefit of First Union National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2000). 

 10.31 

 Cross-Collateralization, Cross-Contribution and Cross-Default Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2000, by and between HCP Medical Office Buildings I, LLC and Meadowdome, LLC, for the benefit of First
Union National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended September 30, 2000). 

 10.32 

 Credit Agreement, dated March 11, 2011, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders referred to therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed March 15, 2011). 

 10.32.1 

 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated March 27, 2012, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders referred to therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed March 29, 2012). 

 10.33 

 Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2011, by and between the parties set forth on Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2, Exhibit A-3 and Exhibit A-4 attached thereto and HCR III
Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-08895), filed July 12, 2011).† 

 10.33.1 

 First Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2011, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.59.1 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2011). 

 10.33.2 

 Second Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2011, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.59.2 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2011). 

 10.33.3 

 Third Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2012, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.59.3 to HCP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-08895) for the year ended December 31, 2011). 

 10.33.4 

 Fourth Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2012, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 10.33.5 

 Fifth Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2012, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

 10.33.6 

 Sixth Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2012, by and among the parties signatory thereto and HCR III Healthcare, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to HCP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-08895) for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

 10.40 

 Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2012, by and between HCPI Trust, HCP Senior Housing Properties Trust, HCP SH ELP1 Properties, LLC, HCP SH ELP2 Properties, LLC, HCP SH ELP3
Properties, LLC, HCP SH Lassen House, LLC, HCP SH Mountain Laurel, LLC, HCP SH Mountain View, LLC, HCP SH Oakridge, LLC, HCP SH River Valley Landing, LLC and HCP SH Sellwood Landing, LLC, as lessor, and Emeritus
Corporation, as lessee.**† 

 10.40.1 

 First Amendment to Master Lease and Security Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2012, by and between HCPI Trust, HCP Senior Housing Properties Trust, HCP SH ELP1 Properties, LLC, HCP SH ELP2 Properties,
 LLC, HCP SH ELP3 Properties, LLC, HCP SH Lassen House, LLC, HCP SH Mountain Laurel, LLC, HCP SH Mountain View, LLC, HCP SH Oakridge, LLC, HCP SH River Valley Landing, LLC and HCP SH Sellwood Landing, LLC, as
lessor, and Emeritus Corporation, as lessee.**† 

 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm—Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

 31.1 

 Certification by James F. Flaherty III, HCP's Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

 31.2 

 Certification by Timothy M. Schoen, HCP's Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

 32.1 

 Certification by James F. Flaherty III, HCP's Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

 32.2 

 Certification by Timothy M. Schoen, HCP's Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

 101.INS 

 XBRL Instance Document.** 

 101.SCH 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.** 

 101.CAL 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.** 

 101.DEF 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.** 

 101.LAB 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.** 

 101.PRE 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.** 

 * Management
Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement

 ** Furnished
herewith.

 † Portions
of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment with the SEC. 
 81 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 Dated:
February 12, 2013

 HCP, Inc. (Registrant) 

 /s/ JAMES F. FLAHERTY III

 James F. Flaherty III,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer) 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

 Signature

 Title

 Date

 /s/ JAMES F. FLAHERTY III

 James F. Flaherty III 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer) 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ TIMOTHY M. SCHOEN

 Timothy M. Schoen 

 Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer (Principal Financial

Officer) 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ SCOTT A. ANDERSON

 Scott A. Anderson 

 Senior Vice President — Chief

Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting

Officer) 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ CHRISTINE N. GARVEY

 Christine N. Garvey 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ DAVID B. HENRY

 David B. Henry 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ LAURALEE E. MARTIN

 Lauralee E. Martin 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ MICHAEL D. MCKEE

 Michael D. McKee 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

 Signature

 Title

 Date

 /s/ PETER L. RHEIN

 Peter L. Rhein 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ KENNETH B. ROATH

 Kenneth B. Roath 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 /s/ JOSEPH P. SULLIVAN

 Joseph P. Sullivan 

 Director 

 February 12, 2013 

 83 

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 F-2 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 F-3 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 F-4 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 F-5 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 F-6 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 F-7 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-8 

 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 F-59 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 F-60 

 F-1 

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of HCP, Inc.

Long Beach, California 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HCP, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2012. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In
our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of HCP, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

 As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of presentation for comprehensive income due to the adoption of Accounting
Standards Update No. 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income . 

 We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 12, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

 Los
Angeles, California

February 12, 2013 

 F-2 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 ASSETS 

 Real estate: 

 Buildings and improvements 

 $ 

 10,537,484 

 $ 

 8,816,551 

 Development costs and construction in progress 

 236,864 

 190,590 

 Land 

 1,850,397 

 1,722,948 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (1,739,718 

 ) 

 (1,449,579 

 ) 

 Net real estate 

 10,885,027 

 9,280,510 

 Net investment in direct financing leases 

 6,881,393 

 6,727,777 

 Loans receivable, net 

 276,030 

 110,253 

 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 212,213 

 224,052 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $1,668 and $1,341, respectively 

 34,150 

 26,681 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 247,673 

 33,506 

 Restricted cash 

 37,848 

 41,553 

 Intangible assets, net 

 552,701 

 372,390 

 Assets held for sale, net 

 — 

 106,295 

 Other assets, net 

 788,520 

 485,458 

 Total assets (1) 

 $ 

 19,915,555 

 $ 

 17,408,475 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Bank line of credit 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 454,000 

 Term loan 

 222,694 

 — 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 6,712,624 

 5,416,063 

 Mortgage debt 

 1,676,544 

 1,715,039 

 Mortgage debt and intangible liabilities on assets held for sale, net 

 — 

 55,897 

 Other debt 

 81,958 

 87,985 

 Intangible liabilities, net 

 105,909 

 117,777 

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

 293,994 

 275,478 

 Deferred revenue 

 68,055 

 65,614 

 Total liabilities (2) 

 9,161,778 

 8,187,853 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Preferred stock, $1.00 par value: aggregate liquidation preference of $295.5 million as of December 31, 2011 

— 

285,173 

 Common stock, $1.00 par value: 750,000,000 shares authorized; 453,191,321 and 408,629,444 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

 453,191 

 408,629 

 Additional paid-in capital 

 11,180,066 

 9,383,536 

 Cumulative dividends in excess of earnings 

 (1,067,367 

 ) 

 (1,024,274 

 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (14,653 

 ) 

 (19,582 

 ) 

 Total stockholders' equity 

 10,551,237 

 9,033,482 

 Joint venture partners 

14,752 

16,971 

 Non-managing member unitholders 

 187,788 

 170,169 

 Total noncontrolling interests 

 202,540 

 187,140 

 Total equity 

 10,753,777 

 9,220,622 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 19,915,555 

 $ 

 17,408,475 

 (1) The
Company's consolidated total assets at December 31, 2012, include assets of certain variable interest entities ("VIEs") that can only be used to
settle the liabilities of those VIEs as follows: accounts receivable, net, $1.7 million; cash and cash equivalents, $9.6 million; and other assets, net, $1.8 million. See
Note 21 for additional details.

 (2) The
Company's consolidated total liabilities at December 31, 2012, include liabilities of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have
recourse to HCP, Inc. as follows: other debt, $0.2 million; accounts payable and accrued liabilities, $14.4 million; and deferred revenue, $1.7 million. See Note 21
for additional details. 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 F-3 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues: 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 1,013,815 

 $ 

 1,002,578 

 $ 

 904,332 

 Tenant recoveries 

 94,658 

 92,258 

 89,011 

 Resident fees and services 

 143,745 

 50,619 

 32,596 

 Income from direct financing leases 

 622,073 

 464,704 

 49,438 

 Interest income 

 24,536 

 99,864 

 160,163 

 Investment management fee income 

 1,895 

 2,073 

 4,666 

 Total revenues 

 1,900,722 

 1,712,096 

 1,240,206 

 Costs and expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 417,130 

 416,396 

 285,508 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 358,245 

 349,922 

 306,934 

 Operating 

 283,998 

 220,151 

 210,158 

 General and administrative 

 79,454 

 96,121 

 83,019 

 Litigation settlement and provision 

 — 

 125,000 

 — 

 Impairments (recoveries) 

 7,878 

 15,400 

 (11,900 

 ) 

 Total costs and expenses 

 1,146,705 

 1,222,990 

 873,719 

 Other income, net 

 2,776 

 12,732 

 16,194 

 Income before income taxes and equity income from and impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 756,793 

 501,838 

 382,681 

 Income taxes 

 1,636 

 (1,250 

 ) 

 (412 

 ) 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 54,455 

 46,750 

 4,770 

 Impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 — 

 — 

 (71,693 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 812,884 

 547,338 

 315,346 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Income before gain on sales of real estate 

 2,504 

 4,049 

 9,124 

 Gain on sales of real estate 

 31,454 

 3,107 

 19,925 

 Total discontinued operations 

 33,958 

 7,156 

 29,049 

 Net income 

 846,842 

 554,494 

 344,395 

 Noncontrolling interests' share in earnings 

 (14,302 

 ) 

 (15,603 

 ) 

 (13,686 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to HCP, Inc . 

 832,540 

 538,891 

 330,709 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 (17,006 

 ) 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 Participating securities' share in earnings 

 (3,245 

 ) 

 (2,459 

 ) 

 (2,081 

 ) 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 812,289 

 $ 

 515,302 

 $ 

 307,498 

 Basic earnings per common share: 

 Continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.83 

 $ 

 1.28 

 $ 

 0.91 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.07 

 0.01 

 0.10 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1.90 

 $ 

 1.29 

 $ 

 1.01 

 Diluted earnings per common share: 

 Continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.83 

 $ 

 1.28 

 $ 

 0.91 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.07 

 0.01 

 0.09 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1.90 

 $ 

 1.29 

 $ 

 1.00 

 Weighted average shares used to calculate earnings per common share: 

 Basic 

 427,047 

 398,446 

 305,574 

 Diluted 

 428,316 

 400,218 

 306,900 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 F-4 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 (In thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income 

 $ 

 846,842 

 $ 

 554,494 

 $ 

 344,395 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on securities: 

 Unrealized gains (losses) 

 7,776 

 (5,396 

 ) 

 937 

 Reclassification adjustment realized in net income 

 — 

 5,396 

 (12,742 

 ) 

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges: 

 Unrealized losses 

 (3,127 

 ) 

 (4,367 

 ) 

 (996 

 ) 

 Reclassification adjustment realized in net income 

 387 

 (1,033 

 ) 

 1,453 

 Change in Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan obligation 

 (356 

 ) 

 (495 

 ) 

 43 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 249 

 (450 

 ) 

 202 

 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

 4,929 

 (6,345 

 ) 

 (11,103 

 ) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 851,771 

 548,149 

 333,292 

 Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (14,302 

 ) 

 (15,603 

 ) 

 (13,686 

 ) 

 Total comprehensive income attributable to HCP, Inc. 

 $ 

 837,469 

 $ 

 532,546 

 $ 

 319,606 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 F-5 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Preferred Stock 

 Common Stock 

 Cumulative

Dividends

In Excess

Of Earnings 

 Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Income (Loss) 

 Additional

Paid-In

Capital 

 Total

Stockholders'

Equity 

 Noncontrolling

Interests 

 Total

Equity 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 January 1, 2010 

 11,820 

 $ 

 285,173 

 293,548 

 $ 

 293,548 

 $ 

 5,719,400 

 $ 

 (515,450 

 ) 

 $ 

 (2,134 

 ) 

 $ 

 5,780,537 

 $ 

 178,072 

 $ 

 5,958,609 

 Net income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 330,709 

 — 

 330,709 

 13,686 

 344,395 

 Other comprehensive losses 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (11,103 

 ) 

 (11,103 

 ) 

 — 

 (11,103 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 — 

 — 

 77,278 

 77,278 

 2,353,967 

 — 

 — 

 2,431,245 

 (6,135 

 ) 

 2,425,110 

 Repurchase of common stock 

 — 

 — 

 (154 

 ) 

 (154 

 ) 

 (4,373 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (4,527 

 ) 

 — 

 (4,527 

 ) 

 Exercise of stock options 

 — 

 — 

 253 

 253 

 6,064 

 — 

 — 

 6,317 

 — 

 6,317 

 Amortization of deferred compensation 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 14,924 

 — 

 — 

 14,924 

 — 

 14,924 

 Preferred dividends 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 Common dividends ($1.86 per share) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (569,605 

 ) 

 — 

 (569,605 

 ) 

 — 

 (569,605 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (16,049 

 ) 

 (16,049 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interests in acquisitions 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 10,002 

 10,002 

 Issuance of noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 8,395 

 8,395 

 Other 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 709 

 709 

 December 31, 2010 

 11,820 

 285,173 

 370,925 

 370,925 

 8,089,982 

 (775,476 

 ) 

 (13,237 

 ) 

 7,957,367 

 188,680 

 8,146,047 

 Net income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 538,891 

 — 

 538,891 

 15,603 

 554,494 

 Other comprehensive losses 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (6,345 

 ) 

 (6,345 

 ) 

 — 

 (6,345 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 — 

 — 

 36,683 

 36,683 

 1,268,781 

 — 

 — 

 1,305,464 

 (3,456 

 ) 

 1,302,008 

 Repurchase of common stock 

 — 

 — 

 (136 

 ) 

 (136 

 ) 

 (4,855 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (4,991 

 ) 

 — 

 (4,991 

 ) 

 Exercise of stock options 

 — 

 — 

 1,157 

 1,157 

 29,639 

 — 

 — 

 30,796 

 — 

 30,796 

 Amortization of deferred compensation 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 20,034 

 — 

 — 

 20,034 

 — 

 20,034 

 Preferred dividends 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 — 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 Common dividends ($1.92 per share) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (766,559 

 ) 

 — 

 (766,559 

 ) 

 — 

 (766,559 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (15,156 

 ) 

 (15,156 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interests in acquisitions 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,500 

 1,500 

 Issuance of noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 14,028 

 14,028 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (20,045 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (20,045 

 ) 

 (14,059 

 ) 

 (34,104 

 ) 

 December 31, 2011 

 11,820 

 $ 

 285,173 

 408,629 

 408,629 

 9,383,536 

 (1,024,274 

 ) 

 (19,582 

 ) 

 9,033,482 

 187,140 

 9,220,622 

 Net income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 832,540 

 — 

 832,540 

 14,302 

 846,842 

 Other comprehensive income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 4,929 

 4,929 

 — 

 4,929 

 Preferred stock redemption 

 (11,820 

 ) 

 (285,173 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (10,327 

 ) 

 — 

 (295,500 

 ) 

 — 

 (295,500 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 — 

 — 

 42,468 

 42,468 

 1,739,357 

 — 

 — 

 1,781,825 

 (25,029 

 ) 

 1,756,796 

 Repurchase of common stock 

 — 

 — 

 (361 

 ) 

 (361 

 ) 

 (15,271 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (15,632 

 ) 

 — 

 (15,632 

 ) 

 Exercise of stock options 

 — 

 — 

 2,455 

 2,455 

 49,167 

 — 

 — 

 51,622 

 — 

 51,622 

 Amortization of deferred compensation 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 23,277 

 — 

 — 

 23,277 

 — 

 23,277 

 Preferred dividends 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (6,679 

 ) 

 — 

 (6,679 

 ) 

 — 

 (6,679 

 ) 

 Common dividends ($2.00 per share) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (858,627 

 ) 

 — 

 (858,627 

 ) 

 — 

 (858,627 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (15,631 

 ) 

 (15,631 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling interests in acquisitions 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 42,734 

 42,734 

 Issuance of noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,584 

 1,584 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,560 

 ) 

 (2,560 

 ) 

 December 31, 2012 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 453,191 

 $ 

 453,191 

 $ 

 11,180,066 

 $ 

 (1,067,367 

 ) 

 $ 

 (14,653 

 ) 

 $ 

 10,551,237 

 $ 

 202,540 

 $ 

 10,753,777 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 F-6 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (In thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

 $ 

 846,842 

 $ 

 554,494 

 $ 

 344,395 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization of real estate, in-place lease and other intangibles: 

 Continuing operations 

 358,245 

 349,922 

 306,934 

 Discontinued operations 

 8,267 

 7,473 

 6,513 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (2,232 

 ) 

 (4,510 

 ) 

 (6,378 

 ) 

 Amortization of deferred compensation 

 23,277 

 20,034 

 14,924 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs, net 

 16,501 

 25,769 

 9,856 

 Straight-line rents 

 (47,311 

 ) 

 (59,173 

 ) 

 (47,243 

 ) 

 Loan and direct financing lease interest accretion 

 (95,444 

 ) 

 (93,003 

 ) 

 (69,645 

 ) 

 Deferred rental revenues 

 (1,655 

 ) 

 (2,319 

 ) 

 (3,984 

 ) 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (54,455 

 ) 

 (46,750 

 ) 

 (4,770 

 ) 

 Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 3,384 

 3,273 

 5,373 

 Gain upon consolidation of joint venture 

 — 

 (7,769 

 ) 

 — 

 Marketable securities (gains) losses, net 

 — 

 5,396 

 (14,597 

 ) 

 Gain upon settlement of loans receivable 

 — 

 (22,812 

 ) 

 — 

 Gain on sales of real estate 

 (31,454 

 ) 

 (3,107 

 ) 

 (19,925 

 ) 

 Derivative (gains) losses, net 

 43 

 (1,226 

 ) 

 1,302 

 Impairments, net of recoveries 

 7,878 

 15,400 

 59,793 

 Changes in: 

 Accounts receivable, net 

 (7,469 

 ) 

 2,590 

 9,222 

 Other assets 

 (3,814 

 ) 

 27,582 

 (6,341 

 ) 

 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

 14,267 

 (47,103 

 ) 

 (4,931 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 1,034,870 

 724,161 

 580,498 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Cash used in the senior housing portfolio acquisition 

 (1,701,410 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Other acquisitions 

 (186,478 

 ) 

 (113,324 

 ) 

 (212,005 

 ) 

 Cash used in the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

 — 

 (4,026,556 

 ) 

 — 

 Cash used in the HCP Ventures II purchase, net of cash acquired 

 — 

 (135,550 

 ) 

 — 

 Development of real estate 

 (133,596 

 ) 

 (85,061 

 ) 

 (92,842 

 ) 

 Leasing costs and tenant and capital improvements 

 (61,440 

 ) 

 (52,903 

 ) 

 (97,930 

 ) 

 Proceeds from sales of real estate, net 

 150,943 

 19,183 

 32,284 

 Purchase of an interest in and contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 — 

 (95,000 

 ) 

 (6,565 

 ) 

 Distributions in excess of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 2,915 

 2,408 

 4,365 

 Purchases of marketable securities 

 (214,859 

 ) 

 (22,449 

 ) 

 — 

 Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 

 — 

 — 

 179,215 

 Principal repayments on loans receivable and direct financing leases 

 45,046 

 303,941 

 63,953 

 Investments in loans receivable and direct financing leases, net 

 (218,978 

 ) 

 (369,939 

 ) 

 (298,085 

 ) 

 (Increase) decrease in restricted cash 

 3,705 

 (5,234 

 ) 

 (3,319 

 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (2,314,152 

 ) 

 (4,580,484 

 ) 

 (430,929 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net borrowings (repayments) under bank line of credit 

 (454,000 

 ) 

 454,000 

 — 

 Borrowings under term loan 

 214,789 

 — 

 — 

 Repayments of term loan 

 — 

 — 

 (200,000 

 ) 

 Issuance of senior unsecured notes 

 1,550,000 

 2,400,000 

 — 

 Repayments and repurchases of senior unsecured notes 

 (250,000 

 ) 

 (292,265 

 ) 

 (206,422 

 ) 

 Repayments of mortgage and other secured debt 

 (155,565 

 ) 

 (169,783 

 ) 

 (636,096 

 ) 

 Deferred financing costs 

 (27,565 

 ) 

 (43,716 

 ) 

 (11,850 

 ) 

 Preferred stock redemption 

 (295,500 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock and exercise of options 

 1,792,786 

 1,327,813 

 2,426,900 

 Dividends paid on common and preferred stock 

 (865,306 

 ) 

 (787,689 

 ) 

 (590,735 

 ) 

 Issuance of noncontrolling interests 

 1,584 

 14,028 

 8,395 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

 (2,143 

 ) 

 (34,104 

 ) 

 — 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 (15,631 

 ) 

 (15,156 

 ) 

 (15,319 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by financing activities 

 1,493,449 

 2,853,128 

 774,873 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 214,167 

 (1,003,195 

 ) 

 924,442 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

 33,506 

 1,036,701 

 112,259 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

 $ 

 247,673 

 $ 

 33,506 

 $ 

 1,036,701 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 F-7 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (1) Business 

 HCP, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a Maryland corporation that is organized to qualify as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") which, together
with its consolidated entities (collectively, "HCP" or the "Company"), invests primarily in real estate serving the healthcare industry in the United States. The Company acquires, develops, leases,
manages and disposes of healthcare real estate and provides financing to healthcare providers. 

 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Use of Estimates 

 Management is required to make estimates and assumptions in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from management's estimates. 

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HCP, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures or variable
interest entities that it controls through voting
rights or other means. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

 The
Company is required to continually evaluate its VIE relationships and consolidate these entities when it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of their operations. A VIE is
broadly defined as an entity where either (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, lack the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most
significantly impact the entity's economic performance or (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity's activities without additional subordinated financial
support. 

 A
variable interest holder is considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact
the entity's economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company
qualitatively assesses whether it is (or is not) the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors includes, but is not limited to, the Company's ability to direct the activities that
most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance, its form of ownership interest, its representation on the VIE's governing body, the size and seniority of its investment, its ability and the
rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions and its ability to replace the manager of and/or liquidate the entity. 

 For
its investments in joint ventures, the Company evaluates the type of ownership rights held by the limited partner(s) that may preclude consolidation in circumstances in which the
sole general partner would otherwise consolidate the limited partnership. The assessment of limited partners' rights and their impact on the presumption of control over a limited partnership by the
sole general partner should be made when an investor becomes the sole general partner and should be reassessed if (i) there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of
the limited partners, (ii) the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership in the limited partnership interests, or (iii) there is an increase or decrease in the number of
outstanding limited partnership interests. The Company similarly evaluates the rights of managing members of limited liability companies. 

 F-8 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Revenue Recognition 

 The Company recognizes rental revenue when the tenant has taken possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset. If the
lease provides for tenant improvements, the Company determines whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes,
are owned by the tenant or the Company. When the Company is the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of
the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement allowance that is funded by the Company is
treated as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. Tenant improvement ownership is determined based on various factors including, but not limited to, the
following criteria: 

 • whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 

 • whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements at the end of the lease term; 

 • whether the tenant improvements are unique to the tenant or general-purpose in nature; and 

 • whether the tenant improvements are expected to have any residual value at the end of the lease term. 

 Certain
leases provide for additional rents contingent upon a percentage of the facility's revenue in excess of specified base amounts or other thresholds. Such revenue is recognized
when actual results reported by the tenant, or estimates of tenant results, exceed the base amount or other thresholds, and only after the contingency has been removed (when the related thresholds are
achieved). This may result in the recognition of rental revenue in periods subsequent to when such payments are received. 

 Tenant
recoveries related to the reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses are recognized as revenue in the period the expenses
are incurred. The reimbursements are recognized and presented gross, as the Company is generally the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has
discretion in selecting the supplier and bears the associated credit risk. 

 For
leases with minimum scheduled rent increases, the Company recognizes income on a straight-line basis over the lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured.
Recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis for leases results in recognized
revenue amounts which differ from those that are contractually due from tenants. If the Company determines that collectibility of straight-line rents is not reasonably assured, the Company
limits future recognition to amounts contractually owed and paid, and, when appropriate, establishes an allowance for estimated losses. 

 Resident
fee revenue is recorded when services are rendered and includes resident room and care charges, community fees and other resident charges. Residency agreements are generally for
a term of 30 days to one year, with resident fees billed monthly. Revenue for certain care related services is recognized as services are provided and is billed monthly in arrears. 

 The
Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts, including an allowance for straight-line rent receivables, for estimated losses resulting from tenant defaults or
the inability of tenants to make contractual rent and tenant recovery payments. The Company monitors the liquidity and creditworthiness of its tenants and operators on an ongoing basis. This
evaluation considers industry and economic conditions, property performance, credit enhancements and other factors. For straight-line rent amounts, the Company's assessment is based on
amounts estimated to be recoverable over the term of the lease. 

 F-9 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The
Company uses the direct finance method of accounting to record income from direct financing leases ("DFLs"). For leases accounted for as DFLs, the future minimum lease payments are
recorded as a receivable. Unearned income represents the net investment in the DFL, less the sum of minimum lease payments receivable and the estimated residual values of the leased properties.
Unearned income is deferred and amortized to income over the lease terms to provide a constant yield when collectibility of the lease payments is reasonably assured. Investments in DFLs are presented
net of unamortized and unearned income. 

 Loans
receivable are classified as held-for-investment based on management's intent and ability to hold the loans for the foreseeable future or to maturity. Loans
held-for-investment are carried at amortized cost and are reduced by a valuation allowance for estimated credit losses as necessary. The Company recognizes interest income on
loans, including the amortization of discounts and premiums, using the interest method. The interest method is applied on a loan-by-loan basis when collectibility of the future
payments is reasonably assured. Premiums and discounts are recognized as yield adjustments over the life of the related loans. Loans are transferred from held-for-investment to
held-for-sale when management's intent is to no longer hold the loans for the foreseeable future. Loans held-for-sale are recorded at the lower of cost
or fair value. 

 The
Company receives management fees from its investments in certain joint venture entities for various services it provides as the managing member. Management fees are recorded as
revenue when management services have been performed. Intercompany profit for management fees is eliminated. 

 The
Company recognizes gain on sales of real estate upon the closing of a transaction with the purchaser. Gains on properties sold are recognized using the full accrual method when the
collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured, the Company is not obligated to perform additional activities that may be considered significant, the initial investment from the buyer is
sufficient and other profit recognition criteria have been satisfied. Gain on sales of real estate may be deferred in whole or in part until the requirements for gain recognition have been met. 

 Allowances
are established for loans and DFLs based upon an estimate of probable losses for the individual loans and DFLs deemed to be impaired. Loans and DFLs are impaired when it is
deemed probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan or lease. An allowance is based upon the Company's assessment of the
borrower's or lessee's overall financial condition; economic resources and payment record; the prospects for support from any financially responsible guarantors; and, if appropriate, the realizable
value of any collateral. These estimates consider all available evidence including the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's or DFL's effective interest rate, fair value
of collateral, general economic conditions and trends, historical and industry loss experience, and other relevant factors, as appropriate. 

 Loans
and DFLs are placed on non-accrual status when management determines that the collectibility of contractual amounts is not reasonably assured. While on
non-accrual status, loans or DFLs are either accounted for on a cash basis, in which income is recognized only upon receipt of cash, or on a cost-recovery basis, in which all
cash receipts reduce the carrying value of the loan or DFL, based on the Company's expectation of future collectibility. 

 Real Estate 

 The Company's real estate assets, consisting of land, buildings and improvements are recorded at their then fair value at the time of
consolidation. The assumed liabilities, acquired tangible assets and identifiable intangibles are also recorded at their then fair value. The Company assesses fair value based on cash flow projections
that utilize appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates and available 

 F-10 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 market
information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, as well as market and economic conditions. The
fair value of tangible assets of an acquired property is based on the value of the property as if it is vacant. 

 The
Company records acquired "above and below market" leases at their fair value using discount rates which reflect the risks associated with the leases acquired. The amount recorded is
based on the present value of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) management's estimate of fair market
lease rates for each in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above market leases and the initial term plus the extended term for any leases with
bargain renewal options. Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on the Company's evaluation of the specific characteristics of each
property and the respective tenant's lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, market conditions and costs to execute
similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, the Company includes estimates of lost rents at estimated market rates during the hypothetical expected lease-up periods, which are dependent
on local market conditions and expected trends. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, the Company considers leasing commissions, legal and other related costs. 

 The
Company capitalizes direct construction and development costs, including predevelopment costs, interest, property taxes, insurance and other costs directly related and essential to
the acquisition, development or construction of a real estate asset. The Company capitalizes construction and development costs while substantive activities are ongoing to prepare an asset for its
intended use. The Company considers a construction project as substantially complete and held available for occupancy upon the completion of company owned tenant improvements, but no later than one
year from cessation of significant construction activity. Costs incurred after a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, or after development activities have ceased, are
expensed as incurred. For redevelopment of existing operating properties, the Company capitalizes costs based on the net carrying value of the existing property under redevelopment plus the cost for
the construction and improvement incurred in connection with the redevelopment. Costs previously capitalized related to abandoned acquisitions or developments are charged to earnings. Expenditures for
repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The Company considers costs incurred in conjunction with re-leasing properties, including tenant improvements and lease commissions, to
represent the acquisition of productive assets and, accordingly, such costs are reflected as investing activities in the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows. 

 The
Company computes depreciation on properties using the straight-line method over the assets' estimated useful life. Depreciation is discontinued when a property is
identified as held-for-sale. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over useful lives ranging up to 50 years. Above and below market lease intangibles are amortized
primarily to revenue over the remaining noncancellable lease terms and bargain renewal periods, if any.
In-place lease intangibles are amortized to expense over the remaining noncancellable lease term and bargain renewal periods, if any. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

 The Company assesses the carrying value of real estate assets and related intangibles ("real estate assets"), whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The Company tests its real estate assets for impairment by comparing the sum of the
expected future undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of the real estate asset or asset group. If the carrying value exceeds the expected future undiscounted cash flows, 

 F-11 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 an
impairment loss will be recognized by adjusting the carrying value of the real estate asset or asset group to its fair value. 

 Goodwill
is tested for impairment at least annually. If it is determined, based on certain qualitative factors, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
less than its carrying amount, the Company applies the second step of the two-step approach. Potential impairment indicators and qualitative factors include a significant decline in real
estate valuations, restructuring plans, current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets or a significant decline in the value of the Company's market capitalization. The
second step of the two-step approach requires the fair value of a reporting unit to be allocated to all the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a
business combination at the date of the impairment test. The excess fair value of the reporting unit over the fair value of assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to
determine the amount of impairment. The Company selected the fourth quarter of each fiscal year to perform its annual impairment test. 

 Assets Held-for-Sale and Discontinued Operations 

 Certain long-lived assets are classified as held-for-sale and are reported at the lower of their
carrying value or
their fair value less costs to sell and are no longer depreciated. Discontinued operations is a component of an entity that has either been disposed of or is deemed to be
held-for-sale and, (i) the operations and cash flows of the component have been or will be eliminated from ongoing operations as a result of the disposal transaction,
and (ii) the entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the component after the disposal transaction. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 Investments in entities which the Company does not consolidate but has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and
financial policies are reported under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company's share of the investee's earnings or losses are included in the Company's
consolidated results of operations. 

 The
initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is based on the amount paid to purchase the joint venture interest or the fair value of the assets prior to the
sale of interests in the joint venture. To the extent that the Company's cost basis is different from the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is generally amortized over
the lives of the related assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in the Company's share of equity in earnings of the joint venture. The Company evaluates its equity method
investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the fair value of the equity method investment to its carrying value. When the Company determines a decline in the fair value of an investment in
an unconsolidated joint venture below its carrying value is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded. The Company recognizes gains on the sale of interests in joint
ventures to the extent the economic substance of the transaction is a sale. 

 The
Company's fair values for its equity method investments are based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period
and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. Capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in these models are based upon assumptions that the Company believes
to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments. 

 F-12 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Share-Based Compensation 

 Compensation expense for share-based awards granted to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized in the
consolidated statements of income based on their grant date fair market value. Compensation expense for awards with graded vesting schedules is generally recognized ratably over the period from the
grant date to the date when the award is no longer contingent on the employee providing additional services. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and short-term investments with maturities of three months or less when
purchased. 

 Restricted Cash 

 Restricted cash primarily consists of amounts held by mortgage lenders to provide for (i) real estate tax expenditures, tenant
improvements and capital expenditures, and (ii) security deposits and net proceeds from property sales that were executed as tax-deferred dispositions. 

 Derivatives 

 During its normal course of business, the Company uses certain types of derivative instruments for the purpose of managing interest
rate and currency risk. To qualify for hedge accounting, derivative instruments used for risk management purposes must effectively reduce the risk exposure that they are designed to hedge. In
addition, at inception of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship, the underlying transaction or transactions, must be, and are expected to remain, probable of occurring in accordance with the
Company's related assertions. 

 The
Company recognizes all derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives required to be bifurcated, as assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair
value. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges or that do not meet the criteria of hedge accounting are recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated
in qualifying cash flow hedging relationships, the change in fair value of the effective portion of the derivatives is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), whereas the change
in fair value of the ineffective portion is recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated in qualifying fair value hedging relationships, the change in fair value of the effective portion of the
derivatives offsets the change in fair value of the hedged item, whereas the change in fair value of the ineffective portion is recognized in earnings. 

 The
Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objectives and strategy for undertaking various
hedge transactions. This process includes designating all derivatives that are part of a hedging relationship to specific forecasted transactions as well as recognized obligations or assets in the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company also assesses and documents, both at inception of the hedging relationship and on a quarterly basis thereafter, whether the derivatives that are designated in
hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting the designated risks associated with the respective hedged items. If it is determined that a derivative ceases to be highly effective as a
hedge, or that it is probable the underlying forecasted transaction will not occur, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively and records the appropriate adjustment to earnings based on
the current fair value of the derivative. 

 F-13 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Income Taxes 

 HCP, Inc. elected REIT status and believes it has always operated so as to continue to qualify as a REIT under
Sections 856 to 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Accordingly, HCP, Inc. will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, provided that it continues to
qualify as a REIT and makes distributions to stockholders equal to or in excess of its taxable income. In addition, the Company has formed several consolidated subsidiaries, which have elected REIT
status. HCP, Inc. and its consolidated REIT subsidiaries are each subject to the REIT qualification requirements under Sections 856 to 860 of the Code. If any REIT fails to qualify as a
REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates and may be ineligible to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent tax years. 

 HCP, Inc.
and its consolidated REIT subsidiaries are subject to state and local income taxes in some jurisdictions, and in certain circumstances each REIT may also be subject to
federal excise taxes on
undistributed income. In addition, certain activities that the Company undertakes may be conducted by entities which elect to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"). TRSs are subject to both
federal and state income taxes. The Company recognizes tax penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits as additional income tax expense. Interest relating to unrecognized tax benefits is
recognized as interest expense. 

 Marketable Securities 

 The Company classifies its marketable equity securities as available-for-sale. These securities are carried at
their fair value with unrealized gains and losses recognized in stockholders' equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses on securities sold are determined
based on the specific identification method. When the Company determines declines in fair value of marketable securities are other-than-temporary, a loss is recognized in
earnings. 

 The
Company classifies its marketable debt securities as held-to-maturity, because the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to
maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost and adjusted for the amortization of premiums and discounts through maturity. 

 Capital Raising Issuance Costs 

 Costs incurred in connection with the issuance of common shares are recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital.
Costs incurred in connection with the issuance of preferred shares are recorded as a reduction of the preferred stock amount. Debt issuance costs are deferred, included in other assets and amortized
to interest expense over the remaining term of the related debt utilizing the interest method. 

 Segment Reporting 

 The Company's segments are based on its internal method of reporting which classifies operations by healthcare sector. The Company's
business operations include five segments: (i) senior housing, (ii) post-acute/skilled nursing, (iii) life science, (iv) medical office and (v) hospital. 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 The Company reports arrangements with noncontrolling interests as a component of equity separate from the parent's equity. The Company
accounts for purchases or sales of equity interests that 

 F-14 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 do
not result in a change in control as equity transactions. In addition, net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest is included in consolidated net income on the face of the consolidated
statements of income and, upon a gain or loss of control, the interest purchased or sold, as well as any interest retained, is recorded at its fair value with any gain or loss recognized in earnings. 

 The
Company consolidates non-managing member limited liability companies ("DownREITs") because it exercises control, and noncontrolling interests in these entities are
carried at cost. The non-managing member LLC Units ("DownREIT units") are exchangeable for an amount of cash approximating the then-current market value of shares of the
Company's common stock or, at the Company's option, shares of the Company's common stock (subject to certain adjustments, such as stock splits and reclassifications). Upon exchange of DownREIT units
for the Company's common stock, the carrying amount of the DownREIT units is reclassified to stockholders' equity. 

 Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

 Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are translated into U.S. dollars use exchange rates in effect at the end
of the period, and revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies that are translated into U.S. dollars use average rates of exchange in effect during the related period. Gains or losses
resulting from translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheets. Gains or losses resulting from foreign
currency transactions are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The effects of transaction gains or losses are included in other income,
net in the consolidated statements of income. 

 Preferred Stock Redemptions 

 The Company recognizes the excess of the redemption value of cumulative redeemable preferred stock redeemed over its carrying amount as
a charge to earnings. 

 Life Care Bonds Payable 

 Certain of the Company's continuing care retirement communities ("CCRCs") issue non-interest bearing life care bonds
payable to certain residents of the CCRCs. Generally, the bonds are refundable to the resident or to the resident's estate upon termination or cancellation of the CCRC agreement or upon the successful
resale of the unit. Proceeds from the issuance of new bonds are used to retire existing bonds, and since the maturity of the obligations for the facilities is not determinable, no interest is imputed.
These amounts are included in other debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

 Fair Value Measurement 

 The Company measures and discloses the fair value of nonfinancial and financial assets and liabilities utilizing a hierarchy of
valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to a fair value measurement are considered to be observable or unobservable in a marketplace. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company's market assumptions. This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. These inputs have created the
following fair value hierarchy: 

 • Level 1 —quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 
 
 F-15 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 • Level 2 —quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations
in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 

 • Level 3 —fair value measurements derived from valuation
techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable . 

 The
Company measures fair value using a set of standardized procedures that are outlined herein for all assets and liabilities which are required to be measured at fair value. When
available, the Company utilizes quoted market prices from an independent third party source to determine fair value and classifies such items in Level 1. In some instances where a market price
is available, but the instrument is in an inactive or over-the-counter market, the Company consistently applies the dealer (market maker) pricing estimate and classifies the
asset or liability in Level 2. 

 If
quoted market prices or inputs are not available, fair value measurements are based upon valuation models that utilize current market or independently sourced market inputs, such as
interest rates, option volatilities, credit spreads and/or market capitalization rates. Items valued using such internally-generated valuation techniques are classified according to the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As a result, the asset or liability could be classified in either Level 2 or Level 3 even though there may be some significant
inputs that are readily observable. Internal fair value models and techniques used by the Company include discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes valuation models. The Company also considers its
counterparty's and own credit risk on derivatives and other liabilities measured at their fair value. The Company has elected the mid-market pricing expedient when determining fair value. 

 Earnings per Share 

 Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income applicable to common shares by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company accounts for unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents
(whether paid or unpaid) as participating securities, which are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Diluted earnings per common share is
calculated by including the effect of dilutive and preferred securities. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In January 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU")
No. 2013-02, Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ("ASU 2013-02"). The
amendments in this update require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to
present, either on the face of the income statement or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income by the net income line item. The Company does not
expect the adoption of ASU 2013-02 on January 1, 2013 to have an impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 In
July 2012, the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-02, Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment ("ASU
2012-02"). The amendments in this update provide an entity with the option to make a qualitative assessment about the likelihood that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired to
determine whether it should perform a quantitative impairment test. The adoption of ASU 2012-02 on January 1, 2013 did not have an impact on its consolidated financial position or
results of operations. 

 F-16 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-01, Continuing Care Retirement Communities—Refundable Advance
Fees ("ASU 2012-01"). This update clarifies the situations in which recognition of deferred revenue for refundable advance fees is appropriate. The Company does not
expect the adoption of ASU 2012-01 on January 1, 2013 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 In
June 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income ("ASU 2011-05").
The amendments require that all non-owner changes in stockholders' equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive
statements. In the two-statement approach, the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement that should present total
other comprehensive income, the components of other comprehensive income and the total of comprehensive income. In December 2011, the FASB deferred portions of this update in its issuance of
Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-12 (see discussion above). The Company has elected the two-statement approach and the required financial statements are presented
herein. 

 In
May 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-04, Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in
U.S. GAAP and IFRSs ("ASU 2011-04"). The amendments in this update result in additional fair value measurement and disclosure requirements within
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments update the wording used to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for measuring fair value and for
disclosing information about fair value measurements. The
adoption of ASU 2011-04 on January 1, 2012 did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 Reclassifications 

 Certain amounts in the Company's consolidated financial statements for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current
period presentation. Assets sold or held-for-sale and associated liabilities have been reclassified on the consolidated balance sheets and operating results reclassified from continuing to
discontinued operations. 

 (3) HCR ManorCare Acquisition 

 On April 7, 2011, the Company completed its acquisition of substantially all of the real estate assets of HCR ManorCare, Inc. ("HCR ManorCare"), for
a purchase price of $6.0 billion (the "HCR ManorCare Acquisition"). The purchase price consisted of the following: (i) $4 billion in cash consideration; and
(ii) $2 billion representing the fair value of the Company's HCR ManorCare debt investments that were settled as part of this acquisition. Through this transaction, the Company acquired
334 HCR ManorCare post-acute, skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. The facilities are located in 30 states, with the highest concentrations in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida,
Illinois and Michigan. A wholly-owned subsidiary of HCR ManorCare operates the assets pursuant to a long-term triple-net master lease agreement supported by a guaranty from HCR
ManorCare. Additionally, the Company exercised its option to purchase an ownership interest of HCR ManorCare for $95 million that represented a 9.9% equity interest at closing. 

 F-17 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The
HCR ManorCare Acquisition total purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 

 April 7, 2011 

 Payment of aggregate cash consideration, net of cash acquired 

 $ 

 3,801,624 

 HCP's loan investments in HCR ManorCare's debt settled at fair value (1) 

 1,990,406 

 Assumed HCR ManorCare accrued liabilities at fair value (2) 

 224,932 

 Total purchase consideration 

 $ 

 6,016,962 

 Legal, accounting and other fees and costs (3) 

 $ 

 26,839 

 (1) The
Company recognized a gain of approximately $23 million, included in interest income, which represents the fair value of the Company's existing
mezzanine and mortgage loan investments in HCR ManorCare in excess of its carrying value on the acquisition date.

 (2) In
August 2011, the Company paid or refunded these amounts to certain taxing authorities or the seller. These August 2011 cash payments are included in the
"cash used in the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, net of cash acquired" that is presented in the 2011 consolidated statement of cash flows under investing activities.

 (3) Represents
estimated fees and costs of $15.5 million and $11.3 million that were expensed and included in general and administrative expense
and interest expense, respectively. These charges are directly attributable to the transaction and represent non-recurring costs. 

 The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date of April 7, 2011 (in
thousands): 

 Assets acquired 

 Net investments in direct financing leases 

 $ 

 6,002,074 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 6,996 

 Intangible assets 

 14,888 

 Total assets acquired 

 6,023,958 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 224,932 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 5,799,026 

 In connection with the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, the Company entered into a credit agreement for a 365-day bridge loan facility (from
funding to maturity) in an aggregate amount of up to $3.3 billion. In March 2011, the Company terminated this bridge loan facility in accordance with its terms; consequently, the Company
incurred a charge of $11.3 million related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees associated with this bridge loan commitment that is included in interest expense. 

 The
assets and liabilities of the Company's investments related to HCR ManorCare and the related results of operations are included in the consolidated financial statements from the
April 7, 2011 acquisition date. From the acquisition date to December 31, 2011, the Company recognized income of $412 million related to its HCR ManorCare DFLs and
$45 million related to its share in earnings from its 9.4% equity method investment in HCR ManorCare. 

 Pro Forma Results of Operations 

 The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations assume that the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, including the Company's
ownership interest in the operations of HCR 

 F-18 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ManorCare,
was completed as of January 1 for each of the periods presented below (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues 

 $ 

 1,807,355 

 $ 

 1,690,899 

 Net income 

 659,514 

 745,119 

 Net income applicable to HCP, Inc. 

 643,911 

 731,433 

 Basic earnings per common share 

$ 

1.53 

$ 

1.86 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 1.52 

 1.85 

 (4) Other Real Estate Property Investments 

 $1.7 Billion Senior Housing Portfolio Acquisition 

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company acquired 129 senior housing communities for $1.7 billion, from a joint venture
between Emeritus Corporation ("Emeritus")
and Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI, an affiliate of Blackstone (the "Blackstone JV"). Located in 29 states, the portfolio encompasses 10,077 units representing a diversified care mix of 61%
assisted living, 25% independent living, 13% memory care and 1% skilled nursing. Based on operating performance at closing, the 129 communities consist of 95 that are stabilized and 34 that were in
lease-up. The transaction closed in two stages: (i) 127 senior housing facilities on October 31, 2012 for $1.68 billion representing 9,842 units; and (ii) two senior
housing facilities on December 4, 2012 for $24 million representing 235 units. The Company paid $1.7 billion in cash consideration to acquire: (i) real estate with a fair
value of $1.5 billion, (ii) intangible assets with a fair value of $170 million and assumed intangible liabilities with a fair value of $4 million. As of
December 31, 2012, the purchase price allocation is preliminary, and the final purchase price allocation will be determined pending the receipt of information necessary to complete the
valuation of certain assets and liabilities, which may result in a change from the initial estimate. 

 Emeritus
operates the communities pursuant to a new triple-net, master lease for the 129 properties (the "Master Lease") guaranteed by Emeritus. The Master Lease provides
aggregate contractual rent in the first year of $103.6 million. The contractual rent will increase annually by the greater of the percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index ("CPI") or 3.7%
on average over the initial five years, and thereafter by the greater of CPI or 3.0% for the remaining initial lease term. At the beginning of the sixth lease year, rent on the 34 lease-up
properties will increase to the greater of the percentage increase in CPI or fair market, subject to a floor of 103% and a cap of 130% of the prior year's rent. From the acquisition dates to
December 31, 2012, the Company recognized income of $22 million related to its acquisitions of the 129 senior housing communities. 

 The
leased properties are grouped into three pools that share comparable characteristics and these leased pools have initial terms of 14 to 16 years. Emeritus has two extension
options, which, if exercised, will provide for lease terms of 30 to 35 years. 

 Concurrent
with the acquisition, Emeritus purchased nine communities from the Blackstone JV, for which the Company provided secured debt financing of $52 million with a
four-year term. The loan is secured by the underlying real estate and is prepayable at Emeritus' option. The interest rate on the loan was initially 6.1% and will gradually increase during
its four year term to 6.8%. 

 F-19 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Pro Forma Results of Operations 

 The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations assume that the acquisition of 129 senior housing communities from
the Blackstone JV were completed as of January 1 for each of the periods presented below (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues 

 $ 

 1,987,055 

 $ 

 1,815,696 

 $ 

 1,343,806 

 Net income 

 870,802 

 584,361 

 374,262 

 Net income applicable to HCP, Inc. 

 856,500 

 568,758 

 360,576 

 Basic earnings per common share 

$ 

1.88 

$ 

1.30 

$ 

1.03 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 1.88 

 1.29 

 1.03 

 Other Real Estate Acquisitions 

 A summary of other acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2012 follows (in thousands): 

 Consideration 

 Assets Acquired 

 Acquisitions

 Cash Paid 

 Debt and Other

Liabilities Assumed 

 Noncontrolling

Interest 

 Real Estate 

 Net

Intangibles 

 Senior housing 

 $ 

 3,860 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 3,541 

 $ 

 319 

 Life science 

 7,964 

 — 

 86 

 7,580 

 470 

 Medical office 

 171,654 

 60,597 

 42,648 

 (1) 

 207,561 

 67,338 

 Hospital 

 3,000 

 — 

 — 

 3,000 

 — 

 $ 

 186,478 

 $ 

 60,597 

 $ 

 42,734 

 $ 

 221,682 

 $ 

 68,127 

 (1) Represents
non-managing member limited liability company units. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company incurred an aggregate of $183 million for construction, tenant and other
capital improvement projects, primarily in the senior housing, life science and medical office segments. 

 A
summary of acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2011 follows (in thousands): 

 Consideration 

 Assets Acquired 

 Acquisitions

 Cash Paid 

 Debt

Assumed 

 Noncontrolling

Interest 

 Real Estate 

 Net

Intangibles 

 Life science 

 $ 

 84,087 

 $ 

 57,869 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 133,210 

 $ 

 8,746 

 Medical office 

 29,743 

 — 

 1,500 

 26,191 

 5,052 

 $ 

 113,830 

 $ 

 57,869 

 $ 

 1,500 

 $ 

 159,401 

 $ 

 13,798 

 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company incurred an aggregate of $127 million for construction, tenant and other
capital improvement projects, primarily in the life science and medical
office segments. During the year ended December 31, 2011, two of the Company's life science facilities located in South San Francisco were placed in service representing 88,000 square feet. 

 F-20 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (5) Dispositions of Real Estate and Discontinued Operations 

 Dispositions of Real Estate and Land 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company sold the following: (i) two senior housing facilities for
$111 million, (ii) a skilled nursing facility for $15 million, (iii) a medical office building for $7 million and (iv) a parcel of land in the life science
segment for $18 million. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company sold three senior housing facilities for $19 million. 

 Results from Discontinued Operations 

 The following table summarizes operating income from discontinued operations and gain on sales of real estate included in discontinued
operations (dollars in thousands): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Rental and related revenues 

 $ 

 13,025 

 $ 

 14,877 

 $ 

 19,293 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses 

 8,267 

 7,473 

 6,513 

 Operating expenses 

 22 

 22 

 263 

 Other expense, net 

 2,232 

 3,333 

 3,393 

 Income before gain on sales of real estate 

 $ 

 2,504 

 $ 

 4,049 

 $ 

 9,124 

 Gain on sales of real estate 

 $ 

 31,454 

 $ 

 3,107 

 $ 

 19,925 

 Number of properties held-for-sale 

 — 

 4 

 7 

 Number of properties sold 

 4 

 3 

 14 

 Number of properties included in discontinued operations 

 4 

 7 

 21 

 (6) Net Investment in Direct Financing Leases 

 The components of net investment in DFLs consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Minimum lease payments receivable (1) 

 $ 

 25,217,520 

 $ 

 25,744,161 

 Estimated residual values 

 4,010,514 

 4,010,514 

 Less unearned income 

 (22,346,641 

 ) 

 (23,026,898 

 ) 

 Net investment in direct financing leases 

 $ 

 6,881,393 

 $ 

 6,727,777 

 Properties subject to direct financing leases 

 361 

 361 

 (1) The
minimum lease payments receivable are primarily attributable to HCR ManorCare ($24 billion). The triple-net lease with HCR ManorCare
provides for annual rent of $472.5 million in the first year and $489 million beginning April 1, 2012. The rent increases by 3.5% per year over the next four years and by 3% for
the remaining portion of the initial lease term. The properties are grouped into four pools, and HCR ManorCare has a one-time extension option for each pool with rent increased for the
first year of the extension option to the greater of fair market rent or a 3% increase over the rent for the prior year. Including the extension options, which the Company determined to be bargain
renewal options, the four leased pools had total initial available terms ranging from 23 to 35 years. 
 F-21 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 On April 7, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of 334 HCR ManorCare properties subject to a single master lease that the Company
classified as a DFL. See discussion of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition in Note 3. 

 Certain
leases contain provisions that allow the tenants to elect to purchase the properties during or at the end of the lease terms for the aggregate initial investment amount plus
adjustments, if any, as defined in the lease agreements. Certain leases also permit the Company to require the tenants to purchase the properties at the end of the lease terms. 

 Lease
payments previously due to the Company relating to three land-only DFLs, along with the land, were subordinate to and served as collateral for first mortgage
construction loans entered into by Erickson Retirement Communities and its affiliate entities ("Erickson") to fund development costs related to the properties. On October 19, 2009, Erickson
filed for bankruptcy protection, which included a plan of reorganization. In December 2009, the Company concluded that it was appropriate to reduce the carrying value of these assets to a nominal
amount. In February 2010, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Erickson which was subsequently approved by the bankruptcy court. In April 2010, the reorganization was completed, which
resulted in the Company (i) retaining deposits held by the Company with balances of $5 million and (ii) receiving an additional $9.6 million. As a result, the Company
recognized aggregate income of $11.9 million in impairment recoveries in 2010, which represented the reversal of a portion of the allowances established pursuant to the previous December 2009
impairment charges of $63.1 million related to its investments in the three DFLs and participation interest in the senior construction loan. 

 Future
minimum lease payments contractually due under direct financing leases at December 31, 2012, were as follows (in thousands): 

 Year

 Amount 

 2013 

 $ 

 551,139 

 2014 

 563,994 

 2015 

 583,418 

 2016 

 603,513 

 2017 

 622,198 

 Thereafter 

 22,293,258 

 $ 

 25,217,520 

 F-22 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (7) Loans Receivable 

 The following table summarizes the Company's loans receivable (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Real Estate

Secured 

 Other

Secured 

 Total 

 Real Estate

Secured 

 Other

Secured 

 Total 

 Mezzanine 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 145,150 

 $ 

 145,150 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 90,148 

 $ 

 90,148 

 Other 

 147,264 

 — 

 147,264 

 35,643 

 — 

 35,643 

 Unamortized discounts, fees and costs 

 — 

 (2,974 

 ) 

 (2,974 

 ) 

 (1,040 

 ) 

 (1,088 

 ) 

 (2,128 

 ) 

 Allowance for loan losses 

 — 

 (13,410 

 ) 

 (13,410 

 ) 

 — 

 (13,410 

 ) 

 (13,410 

 ) 

 $ 

 147,264 

 $ 

 128,766 

 $ 

 276,030 

 $ 

 34,603 

 $ 

 75,650 

 $ 

 110,253 

 Real Estate Secured Loans 

 Following is a summary of loans receivable secured by real estate at December 31, 2012: 

 Final

Maturity

Date 

 Number

of

Loans 

 Payment Terms 

 Principal

Amount 

 Carrying

Amount 

 (in thousands) 

 2013 

 1 

 monthly payments of $99,200, accrues interest at 11.5% and secured by three skilled nursing facilities in Michigan 

 $ 

 8,492 

 $ 

 7,982 

 2015 

 1 

 monthly interest-only payments beginning in 2013, accrues interest at 8.00% and secured by a hospital in Louisiana 

 15,640 

 15,640 

 2016 

 4 

 (1) 

 aggregate monthly interest-only payments of $400,700, accrues interest at 8.25% and secured by four senior housing facilities located in Tennessee, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Texas 

 57,350 

 59,900 

 2016 

 1 

 monthly payments of $273,000, accrues interest at 6.1%, and secured by nine senior housing facilities located in Alabama, Arizona, Minnesota, Maryland, Texas and Wisconsin 

 52,000 

 52,000 

 2017 

 2 

 (1) 

 monthly interest-only payments of $71,742, accrues interest at 8.25%, and secured by two senior housing facilities in New Jersey and Pennsylvania 

 11,404 

 11,742 

 9 

 $ 

 144,886 

 $ 

 147,264 

 (1) Represents
commitments to fund an aggregate of $119 million for six senior housing development projects. 

 At December 31, 2012, future contractual principal payments to be received on loans receivable secured by real estate are $8 million
in 2013, $16 million in 2015, $112 million in 2016 and $11 million in 2017. The Company recognized $6 million in interest income related to loans secured by real estate. At
December 31, 2012, the Company accrued $3 million of interest receivables related to real estate secured loans. 

 F-23 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other Secured Loans 

 Tandem Health Care Loan. On July 31, 2012, the Company closed a mezzanine loan facility to lend up to $205 million to Tandem
Health
Care ("Tandem"), an affiliate of Formation Capital, as part of the recapitalization of a post-acute/skilled nursing portfolio. The Company funded $100 million (the "First Tranche")
at closing and has a commitment to fund an additional $105 million (the "Second Tranche") between February 2013 and August 2013. The Second Tranche will be used to repay
debt senior to the Company's loan. At closing, the loan was subordinate to $400 million in senior mortgage debt and $137 million in senior mezzanine debt. The loan bears interest at a
fixed rate of 12% and 14% per annum for the First and Second Tranche, respectively. The facility has a total term of up to 63 months from the initial closing, is prepayable at the borrower's option
and is secured by real estate partnership interests. 

 Delphis Operations, L.P. Loan. The Company holds a secured term loan made to Delphis Operations, L.P.
("Delphis" or the "Borrower") that is collateralized by all of the assets of the Borrower. The Borrower's collateral is comprised primarily of interests in partnerships operating surgical facilities,
some of which are on the premises of properties owned by the Company or HCP Ventures IV, LLC, an unconsolidated joint venture of the Company. In December 2009, the Company
determined that the loan was impaired. Further, in January 2011 the Company placed the loan on cost-recovery status, whereby accrual of interest income was suspended and any
payments received from the Borrower are applied to reduce the recorded investment in the loan. 

 As
part of a March 2012 agreement (the "2012 Agreement") between Delphis, certain past and current principals of Delphis and the Cirrus Group, LLC (the "Guarantors"), and
the Company, the Company agreed, among other things, to allow the distribution of $1.5 million to certain of the Guarantors from funds generated from sales of assets that were pledged as
additional collateral for this loan. Further, the Company, as part of the 2012 Agreement, agreed to provide financial incentives to the Borrower regarding the liquidation of the primary collateral
assets for this loan. 

 Pursuant
to the aforementioned 2012 Agreement, the Company received the remaining cash ($4.8 million, after reducing this amount by $0.5 million for related legal expenses)
and other consideration ($2.1 million) of $6.9 million from the Guarantors. In addition, during 2012 the Company received $38.1 million in net proceeds from the sales of two of
the primary collateral assets, which proceeds, together with the cash payments and other consideration, have been applied to reduce the carrying value of the loan. At December 31, 2012 and
2011, the carrying value of the loan was $30.7 million and $75.7 million, respectively. At December 31, 2012, the Company believes the fair value of the collateral supporting this
loan is in excess of its carrying value. During the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company received cash payments of $43 million and $2.1 million, respectively. 

 F-24 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 A
reconciliation of the Company's allowance for the losses related to the Company's senior secured loan to Delphis follows (in thousands): 

 Amount 

 Balance at January 1, 2011 

 $ 

 3,397 

 Additions (1) 

 10,013 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 13,410 

 Additions 

 — 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 13,410 

 (1) In
September 2011 the Company recognized a total provision for losses of $15.4 million related to its Delphis loan that is discussed above;
$10.0 million of this provision reduced the carrying value of the loan and the remaining $5.4 million provision reduced the carrying value of the related accrued interest receivable
(accrued interest on loans is presented in other assets; see Note 10 for additional information). 

 HCR ManorCare Loans. In December 2007, the Company made a $900 million investment (at a discount of $100 million) in HCR
ManorCare mezzanine loans, which paid interest at a floating rate of one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus 4.0%. Also, in August 2009 and January 2011, the
Company purchased $720 million (at a discount of $130 million) and $360 million, respectively, in participations in HCR ManorCare first mortgage debt, which paid interest at LIBOR
plus 1.25%. 

 On
April 7, 2011, upon closing of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition, the Company's $2.0 billion of loans to HCR ManorCare were settled, which resulted in additional interest
income of $23 million, which represents the excess of the loans' fair values above their carrying values at the acquisition date. See Note 3 for additional discussion related to the HCR
ManorCare Acquisition. 

 Genesis HealthCare Loans. In September and October 2010, the Company purchased participations in a senior loan and mezzanine note
of Genesis
HealthCare ("Genesis") with par values of $278 million (at a discount of $28 million) and $50 million (at a discount of $10 million), respectively. The Genesis senior loan
paid interest at LIBOR (subject to a floor of 1.5%, increasing to 2.5% by maturity) plus a spread of 4.75%, increasing to 5.75% by maturity. The senior loan was secured by all of Genesis' assets. The
mezzanine note paid interest at LIBOR plus a spread of 7.50%. In addition to the coupon interest payments, the mezzanine note required the payment of a termination fee, of which the Company's share
prior to the early repayment of this loan was $2.3 million. 

 On
April 1, 2011, the Company received $330.4 million from the early repayment of its loans to Genesis, and recognized additional interest income of $34.8 million,
which represents the related unamortized discounts and termination fee. 

 (8) Investments in and Advances to Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 HCP Ventures II 

 On January 14, 2011, the Company acquired its partner's 65% interest in HCP Ventures II, a joint venture that owned 25
senior housing facilities, becoming the sole owner of the portfolio. 

 F-25 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The
HCP Ventures II consideration is as follows (in thousands): 

 January 14, 2011 

 Cash paid for HCP Ventures II's partnership interest 

 $ 

 135,550 

 Fair value of HCP's 35% interest in HCP Ventures II (carrying value of $65,223 at closing) (1) 

 72,992 

 Total consideration 

 $ 

 208,542 

 Estimated fees and costs 

 Legal, accounting, and other fees and costs (2) 

 $ 

 150 

 Debt assumption fees (3) 

 500 

 Total 

 $ 

 650 

 (1) At
closing, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $8 million, included in other income, net, which represents the fair value of the
Company's 35% interest in HCP Ventures II in excess of its carrying value as of the acquisition date.

 (2) Represents
estimated fees and costs that were expensed and included in general and administrative expenses. These charges are directly attributable to the
transaction and represent non-recurring costs.

 (3) Represents
debt assumption fees that were capitalized as deferred debt costs. 

 In accordance with the accounting guidance applicable to acquisitions of the partner's ownership interests that result in consolidation of
previously unconsolidated entities, the Company recorded all of the assets and liabilities of HCP Ventures II at their fair value as of the January 14, 2011 acquisition date. In
determining the fair values, relevant market data and valuation techniques were utilized and included, but were not limited to, market data comparables for capitalization and discount rates, credit
spreads and property specific cash flows assumptions. The capitalization and discount rates as well as credit spread assumptions utilized in the Company's valuation model were based on information
that it believes to be within a reasonable range of current market data. 

 The
following table summarizes the fair values of the HCP Ventures II assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date of January 14, 2011 (in thousands): 

 Assets acquired

 Buildings and improvements 

 $ 

 683,633 

 Land 

 79,580 

 Cash 

 2,585 

 Restricted cash 

 1,861 

 Intangible assets 

 78,293 

 Total assets acquired 

 $ 

 845,952 

 Liabilities assumed 

 Mortgage debt 

 $ 

 635,182 

 Other liabilities 

 2,228 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 637,410 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 

 208,542 

 The related assets, liabilities and results of operations of HCP Ventures II are included in the consolidated financial statements from the
date of acquisition, January 14, 2011. 

 F-26 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Summary of Unconsolidated Joint Venture Information 

 The Company owns interests in the following entities that are accounted for under the equity method at December 31, 2012
(dollars in thousands): 

 Entity (1) 

 Properties/Segment 

 Investment (2) 

 Ownership% 

 HCR ManorCare 

 post-acute/skilled nursing operations 

 $ 

 90,559 

 9.4 (3) 

 HCP Ventures III, LLC 

 13 medical office 

 7,510 

 30 

 HCP Ventures IV, LLC 

 54 medical office and 4 hospital 

 32,249 

 20 

 HCP Life Science (4) 

 4 life science 

 67,785 

 50-63 

 Horizon Bay Hyde Park, LLC 

 1 senior housing 

 6,769 

 72 

 Suburban Properties, LLC 

 1 medical office 

 7,134 

 67 

 Advances to unconsolidated joint ventures, net 

 207 

 $ 

 212,213 

 Edgewood Assisted Living Center, LLC 

 1 senior housing 

 $ 

 (417 

 ) 

 45 

 Seminole Shores Living Center, LLC 

 1 senior housing 

 (674 

 ) 

 50 

 $ 

 (1,091 

 ) 

 (1) These
entities are not consolidated because the Company does not control, through voting rights or other means, the joint ventures. See Note 2
regarding the Company's accounting policies related to principles of consolidation.

 (2) Represents
the carrying value of the Company's investment in the unconsolidated joint venture. See Note 2 regarding the Company's accounting policy
for joint venture interests.

 (3) Presented
after adjusting the Company's 9.9% ownership rate for the dilution of certain of HCR ManorCare's employee equity awards. See discussion of the HCR
ManorCare Acquisition in Note 3.

 (4) Includes
three unconsolidated joint ventures between the Company and an institutional capital partner for which the Company is the managing member. HCP Life
Science includes the following partnerships: (i) Torrey Pines Science Center, LP (50%); (ii) Britannia Biotech Gateway, LP (55%); and (iii) LASDK, LP (63%). 
 F-27 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Summarized combined financial information for the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures follows (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Real estate, net 

 $ 

 3,731,740 

 $ 

 3,806,187 

 Goodwill and other assets, net 

 5,734,318 

 5,797,690 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 9,466,058 

 $ 

 9,603,877 

 Capital lease obligations and mortgage debt 

 $ 

 6,875,932 

 $ 

 6,871,743 

 Accounts payable 

 971,095 

 1,083,581 

 Other partners' capital 

 1,435,885 

 1,465,536 

 HCP's capital (1) 

 183,146 

 183,017 

 Total liabilities and partners' capital 

 $ 

 9,466,058 

 $ 

 9,603,877 

 (1) The
combined basis difference of the Company's investments in these joint ventures of $28 million, as of December 31, 2012, is primarily
attributable to real estate, capital lease obligations, deferred tax assets, goodwill and lease-related net intangibles. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 (1)(2) 

 2010 (1) 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 4,260,319 

 $ 

 4,388,376 

 $ 

 172,972 

 Net loss (3)(4) 

 (15,865 

 ) 

 (827,306 

 ) 

 (54,237 

 ) 

 HCP's share in earnings (3)(4)(5) 

 54,455 

 46,750 

 4,770 

 HCP's impairment of its investment in HCP Ventures II (4) 

 — 

 — 

 (71,693 

 ) 

 Fees earned by HCP 

 1,895 

 2,073 

 4,666 

 Distributions received by HCP 

 6,299 

 5,681 

 9,738 

 (1) Includes
the financial information of HCP Ventures II, up to the date in which it was consolidated on January 14, 2011.

 (2) Beginning
April 7, 2011, includes the financial information of HCR ManorCare, in which the Company acquired an interest for $95 million that
represented a 9.9% equity interest at closing.

 (3) The
combined net loss for the year ended December 31, 2011, includes impairments, net of the related tax benefit, of $865 million related to
HCR ManorCare's goodwill and intangible assets. The impairments at the operating entity were the result of reduced cash flows primarily caused by the reimbursement reductions for the Medicare skilled
nursing facility Prospective Payment System announced by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) effective October 1, 2011. These reimbursement reductions were previously
considered in the Company's underwriting assumptions for its initial investments in the operations of HCR ManorCare; therefore, the goodwill that was impaired was not part of the Company's basis in
its investment. As such, HCR ManorCare's impairments during the year ended December 31, 2011 did not have an impact on the Company's share of earnings from or its investment in HCR ManorCare.

 (4) Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2010, includes an impairment of $54.5 million related to straight-line rent assets of HCP
Ventures II (the "Ventures"). Concurrently, during the year ended December 31, 2010 HCP recognized a $71.7 million impairment of its investment in the Ventures that was primarily
attributable to a reduction in the fair value of the Ventures' real estate assets and included the Company's share of the impact of the Ventures' impairment of its straight-line rent
assets. Therefore, HCP's share in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2010 related to the impact of the Ventures' impairment of its straight-line rent assets was not included
in equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statements of income.

 (5) The
Company's joint venture interest in HCR ManorCare is accounted for using the equity method and results in an ongoing reduction of DFL income,
proportional to HCP's ownership in HCR ManorCare. The Company recorded a 
 F-28 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 reduction
in DFL income of $59.4 million and $42.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Further, the Company's share of earnings from HCR
ManorCare (equity income) increases for the corresponding reduction of related lease expense recognized at the HCR ManorCare level. 

 (9) Intangibles 

 The Company's intangible lease assets were (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 Intangible lease assets

 2012 

 2011 

 Lease-up intangibles 

 $ 

 581,742 

 $ 

 385,148 

 Above market tenant lease intangibles 

 153,141 

 145,374 

 Below market ground lease intangibles 

 58,939 

 41,015 

 Gross intangible lease assets 

 793,822 

 571,537 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (241,121 

 ) 

 (199,147 

 ) 

 Net intangible lease assets 

 $ 

 552,701 

 $ 

 372,390 

 The increase in intangible assets in 2012 from 2011 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of 129 senior housing communities from the
Blackstone JV, comprised primarily of lease-up intangibles with an average amortization period of 15 years. The remaining weighted average amortization period of intangible assets
was 12 years and 11 years at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

 The
Company's intangible lease liabilities were (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 Intangible lease liabilities

 2012 

 2011 

 Below market lease intangibles 

 $ 

 192,733 

 $ 

 206,460 

 Above market ground lease intangibles 

 6,091 

 1,779 

 Gross intangible lease liabilities 

 198,824 

 208,239 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (92,915 

 ) 

 (90,462 

 ) 

 Net intangible lease liabilities 

 $ 

 105,909 

 $ 

 117,777 

 The remaining weighted average amortization period of unfavorable market lease intangibles was approximately eight years at both
December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, rental income includes additional revenues of $4.0 million, $6.2 million and $8.2 million, respectively,
from the amortization of net below market lease intangibles. For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, operating expenses include additional expense of $0.7 million,
$0.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively, from the amortization of net
above market ground lease intangibles. For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, depreciation and amortization expense includes additional expense of $43.7 million,
$44.8 million and $45.7 million, respectively, from the amortization of lease-up and non-compete agreement intangibles. 

 F-29 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Estimated
aggregate amortization of intangible assets and liabilities for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter follows (in thousands): 

 Intangible

Assets 

 Intangible

Liabilities 

 2013 

 $ 

 72,684 

 $ 

 16,772 

 2014 

 67,943 

 16,261 

 2015 

 64,078 

 15,696 

 2016 

 59,674 

 15,150 

 2017 

 52,452 

 12,787 

 Thereafter 

 235,870 

 29,243 

 $ 

 552,701 

 $ 

 105,909 

 (10) Other Assets 

 The Company's other assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Straight-line rent assets, net of allowance of $33,521 and $34,457, respectively 

 $ 

 306,294 

 $ 

 266,620 

 Marketable debt securities (1) 

 222,809 

 — 

 Leasing costs, net 

 93,763 

 92,288 

 Deferred financing costs, net 

 45,490 

 35,649 

 Goodwill 

 50,346 

 50,346 

 Marketable equity securities 

 24,829 

 17,053 

 Other (2)(3) 

 44,989 

 23,502 

 Total other assets 

 $ 

 788,520 

 $ 

 485,458 

 (1) Represents
£137.9 million of Four Seasons senior unsecured notes translated into U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2012 (see below
for additional information).

 (2) Includes
a $5.4 million allowance for losses related to accrued interest receivable on the Delphis loan. At both December 31, 2012 and 2011,
the carrying value of interest accrued related to the Delphis loan was zero. See Note 7 for additional information about the Delphis loan and the related impairment.

 (3) At
December 31, 2012, includes aggregate loan receivables of $10 million from HCP Ventures IV, LLC, an unconsolidated joint
venture (see Note 8 for additional information) with an interest rate of 12% and various maturities from March 2013 to December 2013. The loans are secured by the counterparty's 80% partnership
interest in the joint venture. 

 In June 2011, the Company purchased approximately $22.4 million of marketable equity securities that are classified as
available-for-sale. At December 31, 2011, the Company incurred a $5.4 million impairment for these securities as it concluded the decrease in value of such
securities below their carrying value was other-than-temporary. At December 31, 2012, the marketable equity securities had a fair value and adjusted cost basis of
$24.8 million and $17.1 million, respectively. At December 31, 2011, the fair value and adjusted cost basis of the marketable equity securities were both $17.1 million. 

 F-30 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Four Seasons Health Care Senior Unsecured Notes 

 On June 28, 2012, the Company purchased senior unsecured notes with an aggregate par value of £138.5 million
at a discount for £136.8 million ($214.9 million). The notes are issued by Elli Investments Limited, a subsidiary of Terra Firma, a European private equity firm, as part of
its financing for the acquisition of Four Seasons Health Care, an elderly and specialist care provider in the United Kingdom. The notes mature in June 2020 and are non-callable
through June 2016. The notes bear interest on their par value at a fixed rate of 12.25% per annum, with an original issue discount resulting in a yield to maturity of 12.5%. This investment was
financed by a GBP denominated unsecured term loan that is discussed in Note 11. These senior unsecured notes are accounted for as marketable debt securities and classified as
held-to-maturity. 

 (11) Debt 

 Bank Line of Credit and Term Loan 

 On March 27, 2012, the Company executed an amendment to its existing $1.5 billion unsecured revolving line of credit
facility (the "Facility"). This amendment reduces the cost of the Facility (lower borrowing rate and facility fee) and extends the Facility's maturity by one additional year to March 2016. The
Facility contains a one-year extension option. Borrowings under this Facility accrue interest at LIBOR plus a margin that depends on the Company's debt ratings. The Company pays a facility
fee on the entire revolving commitment that depends upon its debt ratings. Based on the Company's debt ratings at December 31, 2012, the margin on the Facility was 1.075%, and the facility fee
was 0.175%. The Facility also includes a feature that will allow the Company to increase the Facility by an aggregate amount of up to $500 million, subject to securing additional commitments
from existing lenders or new lending institutions. At December 31, 2012, the Company had no balance outstanding under this Facility. 

 On
July 30, 2012, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for a £137 million ($223 million at December 31, 2012)
four-year unsecured term loan (the "Term Loan") that accrues interest at a rate of GBP LIBOR plus 1.20%, based on the Company's current debt ratings. Concurrent with the closing of the
Term Loan, the Company entered into a four-year interest rate swap contract that fixes the interest rate of the Term Loan at 1.81%, subject to adjustments based on the Company's debt
ratings. The Term Loan contains a one-year committed extension option. 

 The
Facility and Term Loan contain certain financial restrictions and other customary requirements, including cross-default provisions to other indebtedness. Among other things, these
covenants, using terms defined in the agreements (i) limit the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Total Asset Value to 60%, (ii) limit the ratio of Secured Debt to
Consolidated Total Asset Value to 30%, (iii) limit the ratio of Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Unencumbered Asset Value to 60%, (iv) require a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio of
1.5 times and (v) require a formula-determined Minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth of $9.2 billion at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, the Company was in
compliance with each of these restrictions and requirements of the Facility and Term Loan. 

 Senior Unsecured Notes 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had senior unsecured notes outstanding with an aggregate principal balance of
$6.7 billion. At December 31, 2012, interest rates on the notes ranged from 1.21% to 7.07% with a weighted average effective rate of 5.10% and a weighted average maturity of six years.
Discounts and premiums are amortized to interest expense over the term of the related senior 

 F-31 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 unsecured
notes. The senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants including limitations on debt, cross-acceleration provisions and other customary terms. As of December 31, 2012, the
Company believes it was in compliance with these covenants. 

 On
November 19, 2012, the Company issued $800 million of 2.625% senior unsecured notes due in 2020. The notes were priced at 99.729% of the principal amount with an
effective yield to maturity of 2.667%. Net proceeds from this offering were $793 million. 

 On
July 23, 2012, the Company issued $300 million of 3.15% senior unsecured notes due in 2022. The notes were priced at 98.888% of the principal amount with an effective
yield to maturity of 3.28%; net proceeds from the offering were $294 million. 

 On
June 25, 2012, the Company repaid $250 million of maturing senior unsecured notes, which accrued interest at a rate of 6.45%. The senior unsecured notes were repaid with
proceeds from the Company's June 2012 common stock offering. 

 On
January 23, 2012, the Company issued $450 million of 3.75% senior unsecured notes due in 2019. The notes were priced at 99.523% of the principal amount with an effective
yield to maturity of 3.83%; net proceeds from the offering were $444 million. 

 On
September 15, 2011, the Company repaid $292 million of maturing senior unsecured notes, which accrued interest at a rate of 4.82%. The senior unsecured notes were repaid
with funds available under the Facility. 

 On
January 24, 2011, the Company issued $2.4 billion of senior unsecured notes as follows: (i) $400 million of 2.70% notes due 2014;
(ii) $500 million of 3.75% notes due 2016; (iii) $1.2 billion of 5.375% notes due 2021; and (iv) $300 million of 6.75% notes due 2041. The notes had an
initial weighted average maturity of 10.3 years and a weighted average yield of 4.83%; net proceeds from the offering were $2.37 billion. 

 The
following is a summary of senior unsecured notes outstanding by maturity date at December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Maturity

 Principal

Amount 

 Weighted

Average

Interest

Rate 

 2013 

 $ 

 550,000 

 5.80 

 % 

 2014 

 487,000 

 3.15 

 2015 

 400,000 

 6.64 

 2016 

 900,000 

 5.07 

 2017 

 750,000 

 6.04 

 2018 

 600,000 

 6.83 

 2019 

 450,000 

 3.96 

 2020 

 800,000 

 2.79 

 2021 

 1,200,000 

 5.53 

 2022 

 300,000 

 3.39 

 2041 

 300,000 

 6.89 

 6,737,000 

 Discounts, net 

 (24,376 

 ) 

 $ 

 6,712,624 

 F-32 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Mortgage Debt 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had $1.7 billion in aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding that is
secured by 135 healthcare facilities (including redevelopment properties) that had a carrying value of $2.1 billion. At December 31, 2012, interest rates on the mortgage debt range from
1.54% to 8.69% with a weighted average effective interest rate of 6.13% and a weighted average maturity of four years. 

 The
following is a summary of mortgage debt outstanding by maturity date at December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Maturity

 Amount 

 Weighted

Average

Interest

Rate 

 2013 

 $ 

 291,747 

 6.15 

 % 

 2014 

 179,695 

 5.78 

 2015 

 308,048 

 6.03 

 2016 

 291,338 

 6.88 

 2017 

 550,052 

 6.04 

 Thereafter 

 65,886 

 5.26 

 1,686,766 

 Discounts, net 

 (10,222 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,676,544 

 Mortgage debt generally requires monthly principal and interest payments, is collateralized by real estate assets and is generally
non-recourse. Mortgage debt typically restricts transfer of the encumbered assets, prohibits additional liens, restricts prepayment, requires payment of real estate taxes, requires
maintenance of the assets in good condition, requires maintenance of insurance on the assets and includes conditions to obtain lender consent to enter into or terminate material leases. Some of the
mortgage debt is also cross-collateralized by multiple assets and may require tenants or operators to maintain compliance with the applicable leases or operating agreements of such real estate assets. 

 Other Debt 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had $82 million of non-interest bearing life care bonds at two of its CCRCs
and non-interest bearing occupancy fee deposits at two of its senior housing facilities, all of which were payable to certain residents of the facilities (collectively, "Life Care Bonds").
The Life Care Bonds are refundable to the residents upon the termination of the contract or upon the successful resale of the unit. 

 F-33 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Debt Maturities 

 The following table summarizes the Company's stated debt maturities and scheduled principal repayments at December 31, 2012 (in
thousands): 

 Year

 Term Loan (1) 

 Senior

Unsecured

Notes 

 Mortgage

Debt 

 Total (2) 

 2013 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 550,000 

 $ 

 291,747 

 $ 

 841,747 

 2014 

 — 

 487,000 

 179,695 

 666,695 

 2015 

 — 

 400,000 

 308,048 

 708,048 

 2016 

 222,694 

 900,000 

 291,338 

 1,414,032 

 2017 

 — 

 750,000 

 550,052 

 1,300,052 

 Thereafter 

 — 

 3,650,000 

 65,886 

 3,715,886 

 222,694 

 6,737,000 

 1,686,766 

 8,646,460 

 (Discounts) and premiums, net 

 — 

 (24,376 

 ) 

 (10,222 

 ) 

 (34,598 

 ) 

 $ 

 222,694 

 $ 

 6,712,624 

 $ 

 1,676,544 

 $ 

 8,611,862 

 (1) Represents
£137 million translated into U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2012.

 (2) Excludes
$82 million of other debt that represents non-interest bearing Life Care Bonds and occupancy fee deposits at certain of the
Company's senior housing facilities, which have no scheduled maturities. 

 (12) Commitments and Contingencies 

 Legal Proceedings 

 From time to time, the Company is a party to legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims that arise in the ordinary course of the
Company's business. Except as described in this Note 12, the Company is not aware of any other legal proceedings or claims that it believes may have, individually or taken together, a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company's policy is to accrue legal expenses as they are incurred. 

 On
May 3, 2007, Ventas, Inc. ("Ventas") filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky alleging, among other
things, that the Company interfered with Ventas's prospective business advantage in connection with Ventas's 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living Real Estate Investment Trust ("Sunrise REIT").
Ventas sought compensatory damages in excess of $300 million plus punitive damages. Prior to the jury deliberations, the District Court dismissed, among other rulings, Ventas's claim for
punitive damages. On September 4, 2009, the jury returned a verdict in favor of Ventas in the amount of approximately $102 million. The Company recognized $102 million as a
provision for litigation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2009. Both Ventas and the Company appealed various rulings of the District Court and the jury verdict to the United
States Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. On May 17, 2011, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals held that the District Court erred by not submitting Ventas's claim for punitive damages to the jury,
and affirmed the District Court's judgment in all other respects. On August 23, 2011, the Company paid Ventas $102 million resulting from the jury verdict. On November 9, 2011,
the Company and Ventas settled all claims relating to the litigation and the Company paid $125 million to Ventas in addition to the $102 million paid in August 2011. 

 F-34 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 On
June 29, 2009, several of the Company's subsidiaries, together with three of its tenants, filed complaints in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the "Court of Chancery") against
Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. and three of its subsidiaries ("Sunrise"). One of the complaints, which related to four of the 64 communities subject to the dispute, was removed on July 24,
2009 to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (the "Virginia District Court"). On April 30, 2010, the Virginia District Court dismissed all claims before it, and
each party filed a notice of appeal regarding the decision with the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. 

 On
August 31, 2010, the Company entered into agreements with Sunrise in which: (i) the Company acquired the right to terminate management contracts on 27 of the 75 senior
housing communities owned by the Company (these 27 communities were leased to tenants that had entered into
management contracts with Sunrise); (ii) Sunrise agreed to limit certain fees and charges associated with the in-place management contracts of the remaining 48 communities, where
such limitations were consistent with the parties' budgetary rights and obligations under existing agreements; (iii) the Company agreed to fund certain capital expenditures at the remaining 48
communities, and (iv) both parties dismissed all of the previous litigation proceedings that were filed against each other. The Company agreed to pay Sunrise $50 million for the right to
terminate the management contracts of the 27 communities; after taking into account the rights to approximately $9 million of working capital that the Company received in conjunction
with acquiring these termination rights, the net cost to acquire the termination rights was $41 million. The Company had marketed for lease the 27 communities to a limited group of
operators, and prior to August 31, 2010, had received a favorable bid and an executed non-binding term sheet from Emeritus Corporation ("Emeritus"). On October 18, 2010, the
Company executed two triple-net master leases with Emeritus for the 27 communities on terms consistent with a non-binding term sheet agreed to by the Company and
Emeritus in August 2010, including fixed lease terms of 15 years and two 10 year extension options. Shortly thereafter, on October 31, 2010, the Company exercised its rights under
the existing lease contracts to terminate the leases with the tenants that had entered into the management contracts with Sunrise for a payment of $2 million. The term of the new Emeritus
leases commenced on November 1, 2010, immediately after such termination. 

 The
Company capitalized the $41 million cost for the above termination rights as an initial direct leasing cost of the new leases as it determined that: (i) acquiring the
right to terminate Sunrise's long-term management contracts was essential to enable the Company to lease such communities to another operator; and (ii) prior to August 31,
2010, the leasing transaction with Emeritus was reasonably assured. The initial direct leasing costs will be amortized over the initial 15-year term of the new leases with Emeritus.
Further, the Company concluded that no amount of the $50 million paid to Sunrise should be allocated to the dismissed litigation or to the existing leases on the 48 remaining communities,
because the Company believed that: (i) as ruled by the Virginia District Court, Sunrise's counterclaims lacked merit and had no value, and the claims remaining in the Chancery Court arose from
similar facts and were expected to be decided on the basis of similar law; (ii) Sunrise's agreement to limit certain fees on the remaining 48 communities, and the Company's agreement to fund
certain capital expenditures at the communities, were each consistent with the Company's and Sunrise's obligations, respectively under the existing agreements; and (iii) the incremental value
gained by the reasonably assured future rents from Emeritus and the acquired working capital exceeded the payment to Sunrise. 

 F-35 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

 Concentrations of credit risks arise when a number of operators, tenants or obligors related to the Company's investments are engaged
in similar business activities, or activities
in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations, including those to the Company, to be similarly affected by changes in
economic conditions. The Company regularly monitors various segments of its portfolio to assess potential concentrations of risks. The Company does not have significant foreign operations. 

 The
following table provides information regarding the Company's concentration with respect to certain operators; the information provided is presented for the gross assets and revenues
that are associated with certain operators as percentages of the respective segment's and total Company's gross assets and revenues: 

 Segment Concentrations: 

 Percentage of

Senior Housing Gross Assets 

 Percentage of

Senior Housing Revenues 

 December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Operators

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 HCR ManorCare (1) 

 11 

 14 

 11 

 10 

 — 

 Brookdale (2) 

 11 

 14 

 14 

 22 

 11 

 Emeritus (3) 

 35 

 19 

 23 

 24 

 14 

 Sunrise (3)(4) 

 17 

 22 

 15 

 19 

 21 

 Percentage of Post-Acute/

Skilled Nursing Gross Assets 

 Percentage of Post-Acute/

Skilled Nursing Revenues 

 December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Operators

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 HCR ManorCare (1) 

 89 

 94 

 90 

 84 

 30 

 Total Company Concentrations: 

 Percentage of

Total Company Gross Assets 

 Percentage of

Total Company Revenues 

 December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Operators

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 HCR ManorCare (1) 

 31 

 35 

 30 

 27 

 9 

 Brookdale (2) 

 4 

 5 

 5 

 7 

 5 

 Emeritus (3) 

 13 

 6 

 8 

 7 

 6 

 Sunrise (3)(4) 

 7 

 7 

 5 

 6 

 9 

 (1) On
April 7, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of HCR ManorCare's real estate assets, which included the settlement of the Company's HCR
ManorCare debt investments, see Notes 3 and 7 for additional information.

 (2) As
of December 31, 2012 and 2011, Brookdale Senior Living ("Brookdale") percentages do not include $692 and $683 million, respectively, of
senior housing assets related to 21 senior housing facilities that Brookdale operates (beginning September 1, 2011) on the Company's behalf under a RIDEA structure. Assuming that these assets
were attributable to Brookdale, the percentage of combined segment and total assets attributable to Brookdale would be 20% and 8%, respectively, as of December 31, 2012, and 26% and 9%,
respectively, as of December 31, 2011. For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, Brookdale percentages do not include $143 million and $47 million, respectively, of
senior 
 F-36 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 housing
revenues, related to 21 senior housing facilities that Brookdale operates on the Company's behalf under a RIDEA structure. Assuming that these revenues were attributable to Brookdale, the
percentage of combined segment and total revenues attributable to Brookdale would be 36% and 12%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 31% and 10%, respectively, for the year
ended December 31, 2011. 

 (3) 27
properties formerly operated by Sunrise were transitioned to Emeritus effective November 1, 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2010,
Sunrise percentages exclude $33 million of revenues for 27 properties due to the consolidation of four VIEs from August 31 2010 to November 1, 2010. Assuming that these revenues
were attributable to Sunrise, the percentage of segment and total revenues for Sunrise would be 28% and 12%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2010. Percentage of total revenues
from Emeritus for the year ended December 31, 2012 includes partial results for Blackstone JV acquisition. Assuming that full-year results were included for this acquisition in the
Company's 2012 revenues, the percentage of segment revenues and total revenues would be 36% and 12%, respectively.

 (4) Certain
of the Company's properties are leased to tenants who have entered into management contracts with Sunrise to operate the respective property on
their behalf. The Company's concentration of gross assets includes properties directly leased to Sunrise and properties that are managed by Sunrise on behalf of third party tenants. 

 On September 1, 2011, the Company completed a strategic venture with Brookdale that includes the operation of 37 HCP-owned
senior living communities previously leased to or operated by Horizon Bay Retirement Living ("Horizon Bay"). As part of this transaction, Brookdale acquired Horizon Bay and: (i) assumed an
existing triple-net lease for nine HCP communities; (ii) entered into a new triple-net lease related to four HCP communities; (iii) assumed Horizon Bay's
management of three HCP communities, one of which was recently developed by HCP; and (iv) entered into management contracts and a joint venture agreement for a 10% interest in the real estate
and operations for 21 of the Company's communities that are in a RIDEA structure. In connection with these transactions, the Company purchased approximately one million shares of Brookdale's common
stock in June 2011 (see Note 10 for additional information regarding these marketable equity securities). 

 Under
the provisions of RIDEA, a REIT may lease "qualified health care properties" on an arm's length basis to a TRS if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person
who qualifies as an "eligible independent contractor." The year ended December 31, 2012 includes $143 million and $91 million in revenues and operating expenses, respectively, as
a result of reflecting the facility-level results for the 21 RIDEA facilities operated by Brookdale beginning September 1, 2011. The year ended December 31, 2011 includes
$47 million and $30 million in revenues and operating expenses, respectively, as a result of reflecting the facility-level results for the 21 RIDEA facilities. 

 The
year ended December 31, 2010 includes increases of $29 million and $26 million in revenues and operating expenses, respectively, as a result of reflecting the
facility-level results for 27 facilities leased to four VIE tenants operated by Sunrise that were consolidated, for the period from August 31, 2010 to November 1, 2010, as a result of
the termination rights the Company acquired from the settlement agreement discussed above. See Note 21 for additional information regarding VIEs. 

 To
mitigate credit risk of leasing properties to certain senior housing and post-acute/skilled nursing operators, leases with operators are often combined into portfolios
that contain cross-default terms, so that if a tenant of any of the properties in a portfolio defaults on its obligations under its lease, the Company may pursue its remedies under the lease with
respect to any of the properties in the portfolio. Certain portfolios also contain terms whereby the net operating profits of the properties are combined for the purpose of securing the funding of
rental payments due under each lease. 

 At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company's gross real estate assets in the state of California, excluding assets held-for-sale, represented approximately
20% and 23% of the Company's total assets, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company's revenues derived from properties 

 F-37 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 located
in the states of California, Texas and Florida represented approximately 22%, 12% and 10% of the Company's total revenues, respectively. 

 DownREIT LLCs 

 In connection with the formation of certain DownREIT limited liability companies ("LLCs"), members may contribute appreciated real
estate to a DownREIT LLC in exchange for DownREIT units. These contributions are generally tax-deferred, so that the pre-contribution gain related to the property is not
taxed to the member. However, if a contributed property is later sold by the DownREIT LLC, the unamortized pre-contribution gain that exists at the date of sale is specifically
allocated and taxed to the contributing members. In many of the DownREITs, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with those members who contributed appreciated property into the
DownREIT LLC. Under these indemnification agreements, if any of the appreciated real estate contributed by the members is sold by the DownREIT LLC in a taxable transaction within a
specified number of years, the Company will reimburse the affected members for the federal and state income taxes associated with the pre-contribution gain that is specially allocated to
the affected member under the Code ("make-whole payments"). These make-whole payments include a tax gross-up provision. These indemnification agreements have
expiration terms that range through 2033. 

 Credit Enhancement Guarantee 

 Certain of the Company's senior housing facilities serve as collateral for $117 million of debt (maturing May 1, 2025)
that is owed by a previous owner of the facilities. This indebtedness is guaranteed by the previous owner who has an investment grade credit rating. These senior housing facilities, which are
classified as DFLs, had a carrying value of $374 million as of December 31, 2012. 

 Environmental Costs 

 The Company monitors its properties for the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The Company is not aware of any environmental
liability with respect to the properties that would have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company carries environmental insurance
and believes that the policy terms, conditions, limitations and deductibles are adequate and appropriate under the circumstances, given the relative risk of loss, the cost of such coverage and current
industry practice. 

 General Uninsured Losses 

 The Company obtains various types of insurance to mitigate the impact of property, business interruption, liability, flood, windstorm,
earthquake, environmental and terrorism related losses. The Company attempts to obtain appropriate policy terms, conditions, limits and deductibles considering the relative risk of loss, the cost of
such coverage and current industry practice. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses, such as those due to acts of war or other events that may be either uninsurable or not
economically insurable. In addition, the Company has a large number of properties that are exposed to earthquake, flood and windstorm occurrences for which the related insurances carry high
deductibles. 

 Tenant Purchase Options 

 Certain leases contain purchase options whereby the tenant may elect to acquire the underlying real estate. Annualized lease payments
(base rent only) to be received from these leases, including 

 F-38 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 DFLs,
subject to purchase options, in the year that the purchase options are exercisable, are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 

 Year

 Annualized

Base Rent (1) 

 Number

of

Properties 

 2013 

 $ 

 42,700 

 23 

 2014 

 36,666 

 15 

 2015 

 16,702 

 15 

 2016 

 38,933 

 18 

 2017 

 1,685 

 2 

 Thereafter 

 96,859 

 58 

 $ 

 233,545 

 131 

 (1) Represents
the most recent month's base rent including additional rent floors and cash income from direct financing leases annualized for 12 months.
Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of above and
below market lease intangibles, DFL interest accretion and deferred revenues). 

 Rental Expense 

 The Company's rental expense attributable to continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was
approximately $7 million, $6 million and $6 million, respectively. These rental expense amounts include ground rent and other leases. Ground leases generally require fixed annual
rent payments and may also include escalation clauses and renewal options. These leases have terms that are up to 99 years, excluding extension options. Future minimum lease obligations under
non-cancelable ground and other operating leases as of December 31, 2012 were as follows (in thousands): 

 Year

 Amount 

 2013 

 $ 

 7,734 

 2014 

 7,119 

 2015 

 6,372 

 2016 

 5,228 

 2017 

 4,797 

 Thereafter 

 193,324 

 $ 

 224,574 

 (13) Equity 

 Preferred Stock 

 On April 23, 2012, the Company redeemed all of its outstanding preferred stock consisting of 4,000,000 shares of its 7.25%
Series E preferred stock and the 7,820,000 shares of its 7.10% Series F preferred stock. The shares of Series E and Series F preferred stock were redeemed at a price of $25
per share, or $295.5 million in aggregate, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to the redemption date. As a result of the redemption, which was announced on March 22, 2012, the Company
incurred a charge of $10.4 million related to the original issuance costs of the preferred stock (this charge is 

 F-39 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 presented
as an additional preferred stock dividend in the Company's consolidated statements of income). 

 Distributions
with respect to the Company's preferred stock can be characterized for federal income tax purposes as taxable ordinary dividends, capital gain dividends, nondividend
distributions or a combination thereof. Following is the characterization of the Company's annual preferred stock dividends per share: 

 Series E 

 Series F 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 (unaudited) 

 Ordinary dividends 

 $ 

 0.4383 

 $ 

 1.4335 

 $ 

 1.6695 

 $ 

 0.4292 

 $ 

 1.4038 

 $ 

 1.6350 

 Capital gain dividends 

 0.0148 

 0.3790 

 0.1430 

 0.0145 

 0.3712 

 0.1400 

 $ 

 0.4531 

 $ 

 1.8125 

 $ 

 1.8125 

 $ 

 0.4437 

 $ 

 1.7750 

 $ 

 1.7750 

 (1) As
discussed above, the Company redeemed all of its outstanding preferred stock on April 23, 2012. 

 Common Stock 

 Distributions with respect to the Company's common stock can be characterized for federal income tax purposes as taxable ordinary
dividends, capital gain dividends, nondividend distributions or a combination thereof. Following is the characterization of the Company's annual common stock dividends per share: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (unaudited) 

 Ordinary dividends 

 $ 

 1.4618 

 $ 

 0.9259 

 $ 

 1.0935 

 Capital gain dividends 

 0.0495 

 0.2448 

 0.0937 

 Nondividend distributions 

 0.4887 

 0.7493 

 0.6728 

 $ 

 2.0000 

 $ 

 1.9200 

 $ 

 1.8600 

 On January 25, 2013, the Company announced that its Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.525 per share. The common stock cash
dividend will be paid on February 19, 2013 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 4, 2013. 

 On
October 19, 2012, we completed a public offering of 22 million shares of common stock and received net proceeds of $979 million, which were primarily used to
acquire the 129 senior housing communities from the Blackstone JV. 

 In
June 2012, the Company completed a $376 million offering of 8.97 million shares of common stock at a price of $41.88 per share, which were primarily used to repay
$250 million of maturing senior unsecured notes, which accrued interest at a rate of 6.45%. 

 In
March 2012, the Company completed a $359 million offering of 9.0 million shares of common stock at a price of $39.93 per share, which were primarily used to redeem all
outstanding shares of the Company's preferred stock. 

 F-40 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In March 2011, the Company completed a $1.273 billion public offering of 34.5 million shares of common stock at a price of $36.90 per share. The
Company received total net proceeds of $1.235 billion, which were primarily used to finance part of the aggregate purchase price of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition. The following is a summary of
the Company's other issuances of common stock: 

 Year Ended

December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (shares

in thousands) 

 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 1,064 

 1,910 

 Conversion of DownREIT units 

 736 

 80 

 Exercise of stock options 

 2,455 

 1,157 

 Vesting of restricted stock units (1) 

 707 

 228 

 (1) Issued
under the Company's 2006 Performance Incentive Plan. 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

 The following is a summary of the Company's accumulated other comprehensive loss (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Unrealized gains on available for sale securities 

 $ 

 7,776 

 $ 

 — 

 Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net 

 (18,452 

 ) 

 (15,712 

 ) 

 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan minimum liability 

 (3,150 

 ) 

 (2,794 

 ) 

 Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment 

 (827 

 ) 

 (1,076 

 ) 

 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 $ 

 (14,653 

 ) 

 $ 

 (19,582 

 ) 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 At December 31, 2012, there were four million non-managing member units (six million shares of HCP common stock are
issuable upon conversion) outstanding in four DownREIT LLCs, in all of which the Company is the managing member. At December 31, 2012, the carrying and market values of the four million
DownREIT units were $188 million and $275 million, respectively. 

 (14) Segment Disclosures 

 The Company evaluates its business and makes resource allocations based on its five business segments: (i) senior housing,
(ii) post-acute/skilled nursing, (iii) life science, (iv) medical office and (v) hospital. Under the senior housing, post-acute/skilled nursing,
life science and hospital segments, the Company invests or co-invests primarily in single operator or tenant properties, through the acquisition and development of real estate, management
of operations (RIDEA) and by debt issued by operators in these sectors. Under the medical office segment, the Company invests or co-invests through the acquisition and development of
medical office buildings ("MOBs") that are leased under gross, modified gross or triple-net leases, generally to multiple tenants, and which generally require a greater level of property
management. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described under Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (see Note 2). There were no intersegment 

 F-41 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 sales
or transfers during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. The Company evaluates performance based upon property net operating income from continuing operations ("NOI"), adjusted NOI
and interest income of the combined investments in each segment. 

 Non-segment
assets consist primarily of corporate assets including cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, net, marketable equity securities, deferred financing costs
and, if any, real estate held-for-sale. Interest expense, depreciation and amortization and non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to
individual segments in determining the Company's performance measure. See Note 12 for other information regarding concentrations of credit risk. 

 Summary
information for the reportable segments follows (in thousands): 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 Segments

 Rental

Revenues (1) 

 Resident

Fees and

Services 

 Interest

Income 

 Investment

Management

Fee Income 

 Total

Revenues 

 NOI (2) 

 Adjusted

NOI (2) 

(Cash NOI) 

 Senior housing 

 $ 

 482,336 

 $ 

 143,745 

 $ 

 3,503 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 629,584 

 $ 

 531,419 

 $ 

 480,872 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing 

 539,242 

 — 

 19,993 

 — 

 559,235 

 538,856 

 462,927 

 Life science 

 289,664 

 — 

 — 

 4 

 289,668 

 236,491 

 226,997 

 Medical office 

 334,811 

 — 

 — 

 1,891 

 336,702 

 202,547 

 197,569 

 Hospital 

 84,493 

 — 

 1,040 

 — 

 85,533 

 80,980 

 78,995 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,730,546 

 $ 

 143,745 

 $ 

 24,536 

 $ 

 1,895 

 $ 

 1,900,722 

 $ 

 1,590,293 

 $ 

 1,447,360 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011: 

 Segments

 Rental

Revenues (1) 

 Resident

Fees and

Services 

 Interest

Income 

 Investment

Management

Fee Income 

 Total

Revenues 

 NOI (2) 

 Adjusted

NOI (2) 

(Cash NOI) 

 Senior housing 

 $ 

 470,592 

 $ 

 50,619 

 $ 

 178 

 $ 

 70 

 $ 

 521,459 

 $ 

 486,673 

 $ 

 433,728 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing 

 397,554 

 — 

 98,450 

 — 

 496,004 

 396,969 

 339,946 

 Life science 

 288,151 

 — 

 — 

 4 

 288,155 

 235,355 

 212,250 

 Medical office 

 320,115 

 — 

 — 

 1,999 

 322,114 

 192,213 

 186,180 

 Hospital 

 83,128 

 — 

 1,236 

 — 

 84,364 

 78,798 

 76,402 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,559,540 

 $ 

 50,619 

 $ 

 99,864 

 $ 

 2,073 

 $ 

 1,712,096 

 $ 

 1,390,008 

 $ 

 1,248,506 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010: 

 Segments

 Rental

Revenues (1) 

 Resident

Fees and

Services 

 Interest

Income 

 Investment

Management

Fee Income 

 Total

Revenues 

 NOI (2) 

 Adjusted

NOI (2) 

(Cash NOI) 

 Senior housing 

 $ 

 337,220 

 $ 

 32,596 

 $ 

 364 

 $ 

 2,300 

 $ 

 372,480 

 $ 

 341,043 

 $ 

 306,682 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing 

 36,023 

 — 

 121,703 

 — 

 157,726 

 35,847 

 34,685 

 Life science 

 276,762 

 — 

 — 

 4 

 276,766 

 228,270 

 204,938 

 Medical office 

 309,285 

 — 

 — 

 2,362 

 311,647 

 181,398 

 175,654 

 Hospital 

 83,491 

 — 

 38,096 

 — 

 121,587 

 78,661 

 73,642 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,042,781 

 $ 

 32,596 

 $ 

 160,163 

 $ 

 4,666 

 $ 

 1,240,206 

 $ 

 865,219 

 $ 

 795,601 

 (1) Represents
rental and related revenues, tenant recoveries, and income from DFLs. 
 F-42 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (2) NOI
is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure used to evaluate the operating performance of real estate. The Company defines NOI as rental
and related revenues, including tenant recoveries, resident fees and services, and income from direct financing leases, less property level operating expenses. NOI excludes interest income, investment
management fee income, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, litigation settlement, impairments, impairment recoveries, other income, net, income taxes,
equity income from and impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and discontinued operations. The Company believes NOI provides relevant and useful information because it reflects
only income and operating expense items that are incurred at the property level and presents them on an unleveraged basis. Adjusted NOI is calculated as NOI after eliminating the effects of
straight-line rents, DFL accretion, amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, and lease termination fees. Adjusted NOI is sometimes referred to as "cash NOI." The Company
uses NOI and adjusted NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess and compare property level performance. The Company believes that net income is the most directly comparable GAAP
measure to NOI. NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of operating performance to net income as defined by GAAP because it does not reflect the aforementioned excluded items. Further, the
Company's definition of NOI may not be comparable to the definition used by other REITs, as those companies may use different methodologies for calculating NOI. 

 The following is a reconciliation from reported net income to NOI and adjusted NOI (in thousands): 

 Years ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income 

 $ 

 846,842 

 $ 

 554,494 

 $ 

 344,395 

 Interest income 

 (24,536 

 ) 

 (99,864 

 ) 

 (160,163 

 ) 

 Investment management fee income 

 (1,895 

 ) 

 (2,073 

 ) 

 (4,666 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 417,130 

 416,396 

 285,508 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 358,245 

 349,922 

 306,934 

 General and administrative 

 79,454 

 96,121 

 83,019 

 Litigation settlement and provision 

 — 

 125,000 

 — 

 Impairments (recoveries) 

 7,878 

 15,400 

 (11,900 

 ) 

 Other income, net 

 (2,776 

 ) 

 (12,732 

 ) 

 (16,194 

 ) 

 Income taxes 

 (1,636 

 ) 

 1,250 

 412 

 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (54,455 

 ) 

 (46,750 

 ) 

 (4,770 

 ) 

 Impairments of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 — 

 — 

 71,693 

 Total discontinued operations 

 (33,958 

 ) 

 (7,156 

 ) 

 (29,049 

 ) 

 NOI 

 1,590,293 

 1,390,008 

 865,219 

 Straight-line rents 

 (47,311 

 ) 

 (59,173 

 ) 

 (47,243 

 ) 

 DFL accretion 

 (94,240 

 ) 

 (74,007 

 ) 

 (10,641 

 ) 

 Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net 

 (2,232 

 ) 

 (4,510 

 ) 

 (6,378 

 ) 

 Lease termination fees 

 (636 

 ) 

 (5,873 

 ) 

 (7,665 

 ) 

 NOI adjustments related to discontinued operations 

 1,486 

 2,061 

 2,309 

 Adjusted NOI 

 $ 

 1,447,360 

 $ 

 1,248,506 

 $ 

 795,601 

 F-43 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The Company's total assets by segment were (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 Segments

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Senior housing 

 $ 

 7,658,612 

 $ 

 5,785,441 

 $ 

 4,196,456 

 Post-acute/skilled nursing 

 6,080,826 

 5,644,472 

 2,133,640 

 Life science 

 3,932,397 

 3,886,851 

 3,709,528 

 Medical office 

 2,661,394 

 2,336,302 

 2,299,311 

 Hospital 

 724,999 

 757,618 

 770,038 

 Gross segment assets 

 21,058,228 

 18,410,684 

 13,108,973 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (1,978,597 

 ) 

 (1,646,736 

 ) 

 (1,386,850 

 ) 

 Net segment assets 

 19,079,631 

 16,763,948 

 11,722,123 

 Assets held-for-sale, net 

 — 

 106,295 

 147,538 

 Other non-segment assets 

 835,924 

 538,232 

 1,462,262 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 19,915,555 

 $ 

 17,408,475 

 $ 

 13,331,923 

 At December 31, 2012, goodwill of $50.3 million is allocated as follows: (i) senior housing—$30.5 million,
(ii) medical office—$11.4 million, (iii) post-acute/skilled nursing—$3.3 million and
(iv) hospital—$5.1 million. The Company completed the required annual impairment test during the three months ended December 31, 2012; no impairment was recognized
based on the results of this impairment test. 

 (15) Future Minimum Rents 

 Future minimum lease payments to be received, excluding operating expense reimbursements, from tenants under non-cancelable operating leases as of
December 31, 2012, are as follows (in thousands): 

 Year

 Amount 

 2013 

 $ 

 1,043,473 

 2014 

 1,004,409 

 2015 

 963,872 

 2016 

 926,289 

 2017 

 852,670 

 Thereafter 

 4,182,607 

 $ 

 8,973,320 

 (16) Compensation Plans 

 Stock Based Compensation 

 On May 11, 2006, the Company's stockholders approved the 2006 Performance Incentive Plan (the "2006 Incentive Plan"). The 2006
Incentive Plan provides for the granting of stock-based compensation, including stock options, restricted stock and performance restricted stock units to officers, employees and directors in
connection with their employment with or services provided to the Company. On April 23, 2009, the Company's stockholders amended the 2006 Incentive Plan. As a result of the amendment, the
maximum number of shares reserved for awards under the 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended, is 23.2 million shares. The maximum number of shares available for future awards under the 

 F-44 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2006
Incentive Plan is 6.8 million shares at December 31, 2012, of which approximately 4.5 million shares may be issued as restricted stock and performance restricted stock units. 

 Stock Options 

 Stock options are granted with an exercise price per share equal to the closing market price of the company's common stock on the grant
date. Stock options generally vest ratably over a four- to five-year period and have a 10-year contractual term. Vesting of certain options may accelerate, as
provided in the 2006 Incentive Plan or in the applicable award agreement, upon retirement, a change in control or other specified events. Upon the exercise of options, the participant is required to
pay the exercise price of the options being exercised and the related tax withholding obligation. Participants have the ability to elect to have the Company withhold the number of shares to be
delivered upon exercise of stock options to pay the related exercise price and tax withholding obligation. The value of the shares withheld is dependent upon the closing market price of the Company's
common stock on the date that the relevant transaction occurs. 

 A
summary of the stock option activity in 2012 is presented in the following table (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Shares

Under

Options 

 Weighted

Average

Exercise

Price 

 Weighted

Average

Remaining

Contractual

Term (Years) 

 Aggregate

Intrinsic

Value 

 Outstanding as of January 1, 2012 

 6,524 

 $ 

 28.76 

 6.1 

 $ 

 84,169 

 Granted 

 455 

 41.64 

 Exercised 

 (3,838 

 ) 

 28.33 

 Forfeited 

 (14 

 ) 

 26.40 

 Outstanding as of December 31, 2012 

 3,127 

 31.16 

 6.9 

 43,774 

 Exercisable as of December 31, 2012 

 539 

 32.09 

 6.0 

 7,041 

 The following table summarizes additional information concerning outstanding and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2012 (shares in
thousands): 

 Weighted

Average

Remaining

Contractual

Term (Years) 

 Currently Exercisable 

 Range of

Exercise Price 

 Shares Under

Options 

 Weighted

Average

Exercise Price 

 Shares Under

Options 

 Weighted

Average

Exercise Price 

 $23.34 - $25.52 

 910 

 $ 

 23.34 

 6.1 

 54 

 $ 

 23.34 

 27.11 - 28.35 

 739 

 28.28 

 6.8 

 210 

 28.12 

 31.95 - 41.64 

 1,478 

 37.41 

 7.4 

 275 

 36.84 

 3,127 

 31.16 

 6.9 

 539 

 32.09 

 F-45 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The following table summarizes additional information concerning unvested stock options at December 31, 2012 (shares in thousands): 

 Shares

Under

Options 

 Weighted

Average

Grant Date Fair

Value 

 Unvested at January 1, 2012 

 3,285 

 $ 

 3.77 

 Granted 

 455 

 6.34 

 Vested 

 (1,138 

 ) 

 3.59 

 Forfeited 

 (14 

 ) 

 3.67 

 Unvested at December 31, 2012 

 2,588 

 4.30 

 The weighted average fair value per share at the date of grant for options awarded during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010
was $6.34, $5.97 and $5.17, respectively. The total vesting date intrinsic value (at vesting) of shares under options vested during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was
$18.0 million, $15.8 million and $10.7 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of vested shares under options at December 31, 2012 was $7.0 million. 

 Proceeds
received from options exercised under the 2006 Incentive Plan for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $51.6 million, $30.8 million and
$6.3 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value (at exercise) of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was $51.0 million,
$13.4 million and $2.3 million, respectively. 

 The
fair value of the stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model
that uses the assumptions described below. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the grant date. The expected life (estimated period of time
outstanding) of the stock options granted was estimated using the historical exercise behavior of employees and turnover rates. For stock options granted in 2012, 2011 and 2010, the expected
volatility was based on the average of the Company's: (i) historical volatility of the adjusted closing prices of its common stock for a period equal to the stock option's expected life, ending
on the grant date, calculated on a weekly basis and (ii) the implied volatility of traded options on its common stock for a period equal to 30 days ending on the grant date. For stock
options granted prior to 2010, the expected volatility was based on the Company's historical volatility of the adjusted closing prices of its common stock for a period equal to the stock option's
expected life, ending on the grant date and calculated on a weekly basis. The following table summarizes the Company's stock option valuation assumptions used with respect to stock options awarded in
2012, 2011 and 2010: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Risk-free rate 

 1.09 

 % 

 2.58 

 % 

 2.77 

 % 

 Expected life (in years) 

 5.9 

 6.5 

 6.3 

 Expected volatility 

 32.7 

 % 

 31.8 

 % 

 35.0 

 % 

 Expected dividend yield 

 5.9 

 % 

 6.1 

 % 

 6.2 

 % 

 Restricted Stock and Performance Restricted Stock Units 

 Under the 2006 Incentive Plan, restricted stock and performance restricted stock units generally have a contractual life or vest over a
three- to five-year period. The vesting of certain restricted shares 

 F-46 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and
units may accelerate, as provided in the 2006 Incentive Plan or in the applicable award agreement, upon retirement, a change in control or other specified events. When vested, each performance
restricted stock unit is convertible into one share of common stock. The restricted stock and performance restricted stock units are valued on the grant date based on the closing market price of the
Company's common stock on that date. Generally, the Company recognizes the fair value of the awards over the applicable vesting period as compensation expense. Upon any exercise or payment of
restricted shares or units, the participant is required to pay the related tax withholding obligation. Participants generally have the flexibility to elect to have the Company reduce the number of
shares to be delivered to pay the related tax withholding obligation. The value of the shares withheld is dependent on the closing market price of the Company's common stock on the date that the
relevant transaction occurs. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, the Company withheld 361,000, 136,000 and 154,000 shares, respectively, to offset tax withholding obligations with respect to the restricted
stock and restricted stock unit awards. 

 The
following table summarizes additional information concerning restricted stock and restricted stock units at December 31, 2012 (units and shares in thousands): 

 Restricted

Stock

Units 

 Weighted

Average

Grant Date

Fair Value 

 Restricted

Shares 

 Weighted

Average

Grant Date

Fair Value 

 Unvested at January 1, 2012 

 1,478 

 $ 

 32.59 

 339 

 $ 

 27.75 

 Granted 

 456 

 41.67 

 — 

 N/A 

 Vested 

 (707 

 ) 

 33.03 

 (186 

 ) 

 27.55 

 Forfeited 

 (7 

 ) 

 38.29 

 (8 

 ) 

 26.72 

 Unvested at December 31, 2012 

 1,220 

 35.16 

 145 

 27.24 

 At December 31, 2012, the weighted average remaining vesting period of restricted stock units and restricted stock was three years. The
total fair values (at vesting) of restricted stock and restricted stock units which vested for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were $38.6 million, $14.4 million
and $12.5 million, respectively. 

 As
the Company pays dividends on its outstanding common stock, holders of restricted stock awards are generally entitled to any dividends on the underlying restricted shares, and holders
of restricted stock units generally have the right to a cash payment equal to the dividends that would be paid on a number of shares of Company common stock equal to the number of outstanding units
subject to the award. 

 On
August 14, 2006, the Company granted 219,000 restricted stock units to the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The restricted stock units vest over a period of
10 years beginning in 2012, subject to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances as provided in the applicable award agreement and the Company's employment agreement with its Chief Executive
Officer. Each vested unit will be convertible, upon payment of the award, into one share of common stock. Additionally, as the Company pays dividends on its outstanding common stock, the original
award will be credited with additional restricted stock units as dividend equivalents (in lieu of receiving a cash payment). Generally, the dividend equivalent restricted stock units will be subject
to the same vesting and other conditions as applied to the grant. At December 31, 2012, the total number of restricted stock units under this arrangement was approximately 317,000. 

 F-47 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In
2012, the Company implemented a clawback policy that is retroactive to prior years pursuant to which its Board of Directors or Compensation Committee shall, in such circumstances as
it determines to be appropriate, require reimbursement or cancellation of all or a portion of any short or long-term cash or equity incentive awards or payments to an officer (or former
officer, as the case may be) of the Company where: (1) the amount of, or number of shares included in, any such payment or award was determined based on the achievement of financial results
that were subsequently the subject of an accounting restatement due to noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws; and (2) a lesser payment or award of
cash or shares would have been made to the individual based upon the restated financial results; and (3) the payment or award of cash or shares was received by the individual prior to or during
the
12-month period following the first public issuance or filing of the financial results that were subsequently restated. 

 Total
share-based compensation expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was $23.3 million, $20.2 million and $15.1 million,
respectively. As of December 31, 2012, there was $41.6 million of deferred compensation cost associated with future employee services, related to unvested share-based compensation
arrangements granted under the Company's incentive plans, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of three years. 

 Employee Benefit Plan 

 The Company maintains a 401(k) and profit sharing plan that allows for eligible participants to defer compensation, subject to certain
limitations imposed by the Code. The Company provides a matching contribution of up to 4% of each participant's eligible compensation. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, the Company's matching contributions
were approximately $0.8 million, $0.8 million and $0.9 million, respectively. 

 (17) Impairments 

 During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company executed an expansion of its tenant relationship with General Atomics in Poway, CA, to a total of
396,000 square feet, consisting of the following: (i) a lease extension of 281,000 square feet through June 2024, (ii) a new 10—year lease for a 115,000 square feet building
to be developed and (iii) the purchase of a 19 acre land parcel from the Company for $19 million. As a result of the land sale the Company recognized an impairment charge of
$7.9 million, which reduced the carrying value of the Company's investment from $27 million to the $19 million sales price. The fair value of the Company's land parcel was based
on the sales price from its disposition in conjunction with this transaction. The sales price of the land parcel was considered to be a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company concluded that its senior secured term loan to Delphis was impaired and established a provision for losses (impairment) of
$15.4 million. The impairment resulted from the Company's conclusion that the carrying value of its loan was in excess of the fair value of the loan's underlying collateral assets. This
provision for losses reduced the carrying value of its investment from $91.1 million to its fair value of $75.7 million. The fair value of the Company's loan investment was based on a
discounted cash flow valuation model and inputs considered to be a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Inputs to this valuation model include real estate capitalization rates,
discount rates, earnings multiples, industry growth rates and operating margins, some of which influence the Company's expectation of future cash flows from the loan and, accordingly, the fair value
of its investment. 

 F-48 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 On
October 12, 2010, the Company concluded that its 35% interest in HCP Ventures II, which owns 25 senior housing properties leased by Horizon Bay Communities or certain of
its affiliates (collectively "Horizon Bay"), was impaired. The impairment resulted from the recent and projected deterioration of the operating performance of the properties leased by Horizon Bay from
HCP Ventures II. During the year ended December 31, 2010 the Company recognized an impairment of $71.7 million related to its investment in HCP Ventures II, which reduced
the carrying value of its investment from $136.8 million to its fair value of $65.1 million. The fair value of the Company's investment in HCP Ventures II was based on a
discounted cash flow valuation model that is considered to be a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Inputs to this valuation model include real estate capitalization rates,
discount rates, industry growth rates and operating margins, some of which influence the Company's expectation of future cash flows from HCP Ventures II and, accordingly, the fair value of its
investment. 

 (18) Income Taxes 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $1.6 million, as compared to income tax expense of
$1.2 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The Company's income tax expense from discontinued operations was insignificant for the
years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. The Company's deferred income tax expense and its balance in deferred tax assets and liabilities were insignificant as of December 31, 2012,
2011 and 2010. 

 The
Company files numerous U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local tax
examinations by taxing authorities for years prior to 2008. 

 At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the tax basis of the Company's net assets is less than the reported amounts by $7.6 billion and $7.4 billion, respectively. The
difference between the reported amounts and the tax basis is primarily related to the Slough Estates USA, Inc. ("SEUSA") and HCR ManorCare acquisitions, which occurred in 2007 and 2011,
respectively. Both SEUSA and HCR ManorCare were corporations subject to federal and state income taxes. As a result of these acquisitions, the Company succeeded to the tax attributes of SEUSA and HCR
ManorCare, including the tax basis in the acquired companies' assets and liabilities. The Company generally will be subject to a corporate-level tax on any taxable disposition of SEUSA's
pre-acquisition assets that occur within ten years after its August 1, 2007 acquisition, and any taxable disposition of HCR ManorCare's pre-acquisition assets that occur
within ten years after its April 7, 2011 acquisition. 

 The
corporate-level tax associated with the disposition of assets acquired in connection with the SEUSA and HCR ManorCare acquisitions would be assessed only to the extent of the
built-in gain that existed on the date of each acquisition, based on the fair market value of the assets on August 1, 2007, with respect to SEUSA, and April 7, 2011, with
respect to HCR ManorCare. The Company does not expect to dispose of any assets included in either acquisition that would result in the imposition of a material tax liability. As a result, the Company
has not recorded a deferred tax liability associated with this corporate-level tax. Gains from asset dispositions occurring more than 10 years after either acquisition will not be subject to
this corporate-level tax. However, from time to time, the Company may dispose of SEUSA or HCR ManorCare assets before the applicable 10-year periods if it is able to effect a tax deferred
exchange. 

 In
connection with the SEUSA and HCR ManorCare acquisitions, the Company assumed unrecognized tax benefits of $8 million and $2 million, respectively. During 2011, the
Company had a 

 F-49 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 net
decrease in unrecognized tax benefits of $4.9 million. The decrease was caused by the reversal of the remaining $6.9 million in unrecognized tax benefits related to the SEUSA
acquisition caused by SEUSA's settlement of federal and state tax audits for all years for which unrecognized tax benefits had been accrued, net of a $2.0 million increase in unrecognized tax
benefits assumed in connection with the HCR ManorCare acquisition. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the entire $2.0 million balance in unrecognized tax benefits was related to HCP's
acquisition of HCR ManorCare. 

 A
reconciliation of the Company's beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows (in thousands): 

 Amount 

 Balance at January 1, 2010 

 $ 

 7,975 

 Reductions based on prior years' tax positions 

 (1,085 

 ) 

 Additions based on 2010 tax positions 

 — 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 6,890 

 Additions based on prior years' tax positions 

 1,783 

 Reductions based on prior years' tax positions 

 (6,890 

 ) 

 Additions based on 2011 tax positions 

 194 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 1,977 

 Reductions based on prior years' tax positions 

 — 

 Additions based on 2012 tax positions 

 — 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 1,977 

 The Company anticipates that the balance in unrecognized tax benefits will decrease over the next 12 months by approximately $891,000 due
to a lapse in the statute of limitations. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recorded an insignificant increase to interest expense associated with the unrecognized tax benefits. Due to the reversal of the
remaining balance of the SEUSA unrecognized tax benefits during 2011, the related $1.3 million of interest expense was also reversed. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010,
the Company recorded net reductions to interest expense of $1.1 million and net increases to interest expense of $0.2 million, respectively, associated with the unrecognized tax
benefits. 

 The
Company has agreements with the sellers of SEUSA and HCR ManorCare whereby any increases in taxes and associated interest and penalties related to years prior to each of these
acquisitions will be the responsibility of the sellers. Similarly, any pre-acquisition tax refunds and associated interest income will be refunded to the sellers. 

 There
would be no effect on the Company's tax rate if the unrecognized tax benefits were to be recognized. 

 F-50 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (19) Earnings Per Common Share 

 The following table illustrates the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Numerator 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 812,884 

 $ 

 547,338 

 $ 

 315,346 

 Noncontrolling interests' share in continuing operations 

 (12,411 

 ) 

 (15,484 

 ) 

 (13,563 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations applicable to HCP, Inc. 

 800,473 

 531,854 

 301,783 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 (17,006 

 ) 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 (21,130 

 ) 

 Participating securities' share in continuing operations 

 (3,245 

 ) 

 (2,459 

 ) 

 (2,081 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations applicable to common shares 

 780,222 

 508,265 

 278,572 

 Discontinued operations 

 33,958 

 7,156 

 29,049 

 Noncontrolling interests' share in discontinued operations 

 (1,891 

 ) 

 (119 

 ) 

 (123 

 ) 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 812,289 

 $ 

 515,302 

 $ 

 307,498 

 Denominator 

 Basic weighted average common shares 

 427,047 

 398,446 

 305,574 

 Dilutive potential common shares 

 1,269 

 1,772 

 1,326 

 Diluted weighted average common shares 

 428,316 

 400,218 

 306,900 

 Basic earnings per common share 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.83 

 $ 

 1.28 

 $ 

 0.91 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.07 

 0.01 

 0.10 

 Net income applicable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.90 

 $ 

 1.29 

 $ 

 1.01 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 1.83 

 $ 

 1.28 

 $ 

 0.91 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.07 

 0.01 

 0.09 

 Net income applicable to common shares 

 $ 

 1.90 

 $ 

 1.29 

 $ 

 1.00 

 Restricted stock and certain of the Company's performance restricted stock units are considered participating securities, because dividend
payments are not forfeited even if the underlying award does not vest, which require the use of the two-class method when computing basic and diluted earnings per share. 

 Options
to purchase approximately 0.6 million, 1.1 million and 1.9 million shares of common stock that had an exercise price in excess of the average market price of
the common stock during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, were not included because they are anti-dilutive. Additionally, six million shares issuable
upon conversion of four million DownREIT units during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were not included because they are anti-dilutive. 

 F-51 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (20) Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (in thousands) 

 Supplemental cash flow information: 

 Interest paid, net of capitalized interest 

 $ 

 389,753 

 $ 

 348,455 

 $ 

 282,750 

 Income taxes paid 

 1,790 

 1,710 

 1,765 

 Capitalized interest 

 23,360 

 26,402 

 21,664 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing activities: 

 Loan received upon real estate disposition 

 — 

 — 

 21,519 

 Accrued construction costs 

 14,157 

 11,525 

 3,558 

 Settlement of loans receivable as consideration for the HCR ManorCare Acquisition 

 — 

 1,990,406 

 — 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash financing activities: 

 Restricted stock issued 

 — 

 — 

 224 

 Vesting of restricted stock units 

 707 

 228 

 276 

 Cancellation of restricted stock 

 8 

 35 

 52 

 Conversion of non-managing member units into common stock 

 24,988 

 3,456 

 6,135 

 Noncontrolling interests issued in connection with acquisitions 

 42,734 

 1,500 

 9,267 

 Mortgages included in the consolidation of HCP Ventures II 

 — 

 635,182 

 — 

 Mortgages and other liabilities assumed with real estate acquisitions 

 60,597 

 57,869 

 30,299 

 Unrealized gains (losses), net on available for sale securities and derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 

 4,649 

 (9,763 

 ) 

 (59 

 ) 

 See additional information regarding supplemental non-cash financing activities related to of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition in
Notes 3 and 7, the HCP Ventures II purchase in Note 8 and preferred stock redemption in Note 13. 

 (21) Variable Interest Entities 

 Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company leased 48 properties to a total of seven VIE tenants and had an additional investment in a
loan to a VIE borrower. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. The carrying value and classification of the related assets, liabilities and maximum exposure
to loss as a result of the Company's involvement with these VIEs are presented below at December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

 VIE Type

 Maximum Loss

Exposure (1) 

 Asset/Liability Type 

 Carrying

Amount 

 VIE tenants—operating leases 

 $ 

 297,497 

 Lease intangibles, net and straight-line rent receivables 

 $ 

 15,061 

 VIE tenants—DFLs 

 1,121,708 

 Net investment in DFLs 

 598,819 

 Loan—senior secured 

 30,652 

 Loans receivable, net 

 30,652 

 (1) The
Company's maximum loss exposure related to the VIE tenants represents the future minimum lease payments over the remaining term of the respective
leases, which may be mitigated by re-leasing the properties to new tenants. The Company's maximum loss exposure related to its loan to the VIE represents its current aggregate carrying
amount. See Note 12 for additional information on the VIE tenants. 
 F-52 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2012, the Company has not provided, and is not required to provide, financial support through a liquidity arrangement or
otherwise, to its unconsolidated VIEs, including circumstances in which it could be exposed to further losses (e.g., cash shortfalls). 

 The
Company holds an interest-only, senior secured term loan made to a borrower (Delphis Operations, L.P.) that has been identified as a VIE (see Note 7 for
additional information on the Delphis loan). The Company does not consolidate the VIE because it does not have the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic
performance. The loan is collateralized by all of the assets of the borrower (comprised primarily of interests in partnerships that operate surgical facilities, some of which are on the premises of
properties owned by the Company or HCP Ventures IV, LLC) and is supported in part by limited guarantees made by certain former and current principals of the borrower. Recourse under
certain of these guarantees is limited to the guarantors' respective ownership interests in certain entities owning real estate that are pledged to secure such guarantees. 

 Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 

 In September 2011, the Company formed a partnership in which it has a 90% ownership interest and a leasing relationship with an entity
that operates 21 properties in a RIDEA structure ("RIDEA Entity"). The Company consolidated this entity as a result of the rights it acquired through the joint venture agreement with Brookdale (see
Note 12 for additional information on the RIDEA structure). In the fourth quarter of 2012, upon the occurrence of a reconsideration event, it was determined that this RIDEA Entity is a VIE and
that the Company is the primary beneficiary; therefore, the Company continues to consolidate this entity. The assets and liabilities of this RIDEA Entity substantially consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivables, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities generated from its operating activities. The assets generated by the operating activities of the RIDEA Entity may be
used to settle its contractual obligations, which include lease obligations to the Company. The Company is entitled to its ownership share of the RIDEA Entity's assets; however, it does not guarantee
its liabilities (or contractual obligations) and is not liable to its general creditors. 

 During
2010, the Company had leasing relationships with a total of four VIE tenants, related to 27 properties, whose operations were not consolidated by the Company prior to
August 31, 2010 because it did not have the ability to control the activities (i.e., recurring operating activities) that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance. On
August 31, 2010, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Sunrise, whereby it determined that it had acquired the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact
the VIEs' economic performance. As a result, the Company consolidated the four VIEs for the period from August 31, 2010 (the date of the settlement agreement with Sunrise) to November 1,
2010 (the date these 27 properties were transitioned and leased to Emeritus). See Note 12 for additional information regarding the VIE tenants. 

 See
Notes 7 and 12 for additional description of the nature, purpose and activities of the Company's VIEs and interests therein. 

 (22) Fair Value Measurements 

 The following table illustrates the Company's financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets.
Recognized gains and losses are recorded in other income, net on the Company's consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2012, there were no transfers of financial
assets or liabilities between levels within the fair value hierarchy. 

 F-53 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The
financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2012 are as follows (in thousands): 

 Financial assets and liabilities

 Fair Value 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Marketable equity securities 

 $ 

 24,829 

 $ 

 24,829 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 Interest-rate swap asset (1) 

 89 

 — 

 89 

 — 

 Interest-rate swap liabilities (1) 

 (12,699 

 ) 

 — 

 (12,699 

 ) 

 — 

 Currency swap liabilities (1) 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 — 

 Warrants (1) 

 670 

 — 

 — 

 670 

 $ 

 10,248 

 $ 

 24,829 

 $ 

 (15,251 

 ) 

 $ 

 670 

 (1) Interest
rate and currency swaps as well as common stock warrant fair values are determined based on observable and unobservable market assumptions
utilizing standardized derivative pricing models. 

 (23) Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are reasonable estimates of fair
value because of the short-term maturities of these instruments. The fair values of loans receivable, bank line of credit, term loan, mortgage debt and other debt are based on rates
currently prevailing for similar instruments with similar maturities. The fair values of the marketable debt securities, interest-rate and currency swap contracts as well as common stock
warrants were determined based on observable and unobservable market assumptions using standardized pricing models. The fair values of the senior unsecured notes and marketable equity securities are
determined utilizing market quotes. 

 The
table below summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of the Company's financial instruments: 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Carrying

Amount 

 Fair Value 

 Carrying

Amount 

 Fair Value 

 (in thousands) 

 Loans receivable, net (2) 

 $ 

 276,030 

 $ 

 279,850 

 $ 

 110,253 

 $ 

 111,073 

 Marketable debt securities (3) 

 222,809 

 234,137 

 — 

 — 

 Marketable equity securities (1) 

 24,829 

 24,829 

 17,053 

 17,053 

 Warrants (3) 

 670 

 670 

 1,334 

 1,334 

 Bank line of credit (2) 

 — 

 — 

 454,000 

 454,000 

 Term loan (2) 

 222,694 

 222,694 

 — 

 — 

 Senior unsecured notes (1) 

 6,712,624 

 7,432,012 

 5,416,063 

 5,819,304 

 Mortgage debt (2) 

 1,676,544 

 1,771,155 

 1,764,571 

 1,870,070 

 Other debt (2) 

 81,958 

 81,958 

 87,985 

 87,985 

 Interest-rate swap asset (2) 

 89 

 89 

 — 

 — 

 Interest-rate swap liability (2) 

 12,699 

 12,699 

 12,123 

 12,123 

 Currency swap liabilities (2) 

 2,641 

 2,641 

 — 

 — 

 (1) Level 1:
Fair value calculated based on quoted prices in active markets.

 (2) Level 2:
Fair value based on quoted prices for similar or identical instruments in active or inactive markets, respectively, or calculated utilizing
model-derived valuations in which significant inputs or value drivers are observable in active markets. 
 F-54 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (3) Level 3:
Fair value determined based on significant unobservable market inputs using standardized derivative pricing models. 

 (24) Derivative Financial Instruments 

 The following table summarizes the Company's outstanding interest-rate swap contracts as of December 31, 2012 (dollars and GBP
in thousands): 

 Date Entered

 Maturity Date 

 Hedge

Designation 

 Fixed

Rate/Buy

Amount 

 Floating/Exchange Rate Index 

 Notional/Sell

Amount 

 Fair Value (1) 

 July 2005 (2) 

 July 2020 

 Cash Flow 

 3.82 

 % 

 BMA Swap Index 

 $ 

 45,600 

 $ 

 (8,666 

 ) 

 November 2008 (3) 

 October 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 5.95 

 % 

 1 Month LIBOR+1.50% 

 27,000 

 (3,878 

 ) 

 July 2009 (4) 

 July 2013 

 Cash Flow 

 6.13 

 % 

 1 Month LIBOR+3.65% 

 13,700 

 (155 

 ) 

 July 2012 (4) 

 June 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 1.81 

 % 

 1 Month GBP LIBOR+1.20% 

 £137,000 

 89 

 July 2012 (5) 

 June 2016 

 Cash Flow 

 $ 

 79,600 

 Buy USD/Sell GBP 

 £ 50,700 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 (1) Interest-rate
and foreign currency swap assets are recorded in other assets, net and interest-rate and foreign currency swap
liabilities are recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

 (2) Represents
three interest-rate swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of $45.6 million which hedge fluctuations in interest
payments on variable-rate secured debt due to overall changes in hedged cash flows.

 (3) Acquired
in conjunction with mortgage debt assumed related to real estate acquired on December 28, 2010. Hedges fluctuations in interest payments on
variable-rate secured debt due to fluctuations in the underlying benchmark interest rate.

 (4) Hedges
fluctuations in interest payments on variable-rate secured and unsecured debt due to fluctuations in the underlying benchmark interest
rate.

 (5) Currency
swap contract (buy USD/sell GBP) hedges the foreign currency exchange risk related to a portion of the Company's forecasted interest receipts on
GBP denominated senior unsecured notes. Represents seven foreign exchange contracts to sell £7.2 million at a rate of $1.5695 on various dates between June 2013 and
June 2016. 

 The Company uses derivative instruments to mitigate the effects of interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations on specific forecasted
transactions as well as recognized financial obligations or assets. The Company does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 

 The
primary risks associated with derivative instruments are market and credit risk. Market risk is defined as the potential for loss in value of a derivative instrument due to adverse
changes in market prices. Utilizing derivative instruments allows the Company to manage the risk of fluctuations in interest and foreign currency rates related to the potential impact these changes
could have on future earnings, forecasted cash flows and the fair value of recognized obligations. 

 Credit
risk is the risk that one of the parties to a derivative contract fails to perform or meet their financial obligation. The Company does not obtain collateral associated with its
derivative contracts, but monitors the credit standing of its counterparties on a regular basis. Should a counterparty fail to perform, the Company would incur a financial loss to the extent that the
associated derivative contract was in an asset position. At December 31, 2012, the Company does not anticipate non-performance by the counterparties to its outstanding derivative
contracts. 

 During
October and November 2007, the Company entered into two forward- starting interest-rate swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of $900 million and
settled the contracts during the three months ended June 30, 2008. The settlement value, less the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships, was recorded to accumulated other
comprehensive income to be reclassified into interest expense over the forecasted term of the underlying unsecured fixed-rate debt. The interest-rate swap contracts were
designated in qualifying, cash flow hedging relationships, to hedge the Company's 

 F-55 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 exposure
to fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate component of interest payments on forecasted, unsecured, fixed-rate debt that were expected to be issued in 2012 and 2013. During
2010, the Company revised its estimated issuance date for the underlying unsecured, fixed-rate debt. As a result, the Company recognized a $1.0 million charge in other income, net,
during the year ended December 31, 2010, related to the interest payments that were no longer probable of occurring. 

 In
August 2009, the Company entered into an interest-rate swap contract (pay float and receive fixed), that was designated as hedging fluctuations in interest receipts
related to its participation in the variable-rate first mortgage debt of HCR ManorCare. At March 31, 2011 the
Company determined, based on the anticipated closing of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition during April 2011, that the underlying hedged transactions (underlying mortgage debt interest receipts) were not
probable of occurring. As a result, the Company reclassified $1 million of unrealized gains related to this interest-rate swap contract into other income, net. Concurrent with
closing the HCR ManorCare Acquisition (for additional details see Note 3), the Company settled the interest-rate swap contract for proceeds of $1 million. 

 On
July 27, 2012, the Company entered into a foreign currency swap contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange risk related to a portion of the forecasted interest receipts
from its GBP denominated senior unsecured notes (see additional discussion of the Four Seasons Health Care Senior Unsecured Notes in Note 10). The cash flow hedge has a fixed USD/GBP exchange
rate of 1.5695 (buy $11.4 million and sell £7.2 million semi-annually) for a portion of its forecasted semi-annual cash receipts denominated in GBP.
The foreign currency swap contracts mature through June 2016 (the end of the non-call period of the senior unsecured notes). The fair value of the contracts at December 31, 2012 was
a liability of $2.6 million and is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2012, there was no ineffective portion related to this hedge. 

 On
July 27, 2012, the Company entered into an interest-rate swap contract that is designated as hedging the interest payments on its GBP denominated Term Loan due to
fluctuations in the underlying benchmark interest rate (see additional discussions of the Term Loan in Note 11). The cash flow hedge has a notional amount of £137 million and
expires in June 2016 (the maturity of the Term Loan). The fair value of the contract at December 31, 2012 was an asset of $89,000 and is included in other assets, net. During the year ended
December 31, 2012, there was no ineffective portion related to this hedge. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company earned lower interest income of $209,000 and recognized additional interest expense of $3.3 million, resulting from its
cash flow and fair value hedging relationships. At December 31, 2012, the Company expects that the hedged forecasted transactions for each of the outstanding qualifying cash flow hedging
relationships remain probable of occurring and as a result no gains or losses recorded to accumulated other comprehensive loss are expected to be reclassified to earnings. 

 To
illustrate the effect of movements in the interest rate and foreign currency markets, the Company performed a market sensitivity analysis on its outstanding hedging instruments. The
Company applied various basis point spreads to the underlying interest rate curves and foreign currency exchange 

 F-56 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 rates
of the derivative portfolio in order to determine the instruments' change in fair value. The following table summarizes the results of the analysis performed (dollars in thousands): 

 Effects of Change in Interest and Foreign

Currency Rates 

 Date Entered

 Maturity Date 

 +50 Basis

Points 

 -50 Basis

Points 

 +100 Basis

Points 

 -100 Basis

Points 

 July 2005 

 July 2020 

 $ 

 1,675 

 $ 

 (1,578 

 ) 

 $ 

 3,301 

 $ 

 (3,204 

 ) 

 November 2008 

 October 2016 

 516 

 (468 

 ) 

 1,008 

 961 

 July 2009 

 July 2013 

 33 

 (36 

 ) 

 67 

 (70 

 ) 

 July 2012 

 June 2016 

 3,906 

 (3,694 

 ) 

 7,706 

 (7,494 

 ) 

 July 2012 

 June 2016 

 (588 

 ) 

 237 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 649 

 (25) Transactions with Related Parties 

 Mr. Klaritch, an executive vice president of the Company, was previously a senior executive and limited liability company member of MedCap
Properties, LLC, which was acquired in October 2003 by HCP and a joint venture of which HCP was the managing member. As part of that transaction, MedCap Properties, LLC contributed
certain property interests to a newly-formed entity, HCPI/Tennessee LLC, in exchange for DownREIT units. In connection with the transactions, Mr. Klaritch received 113,431
non-managing member units in HCPI/Tennessee, LLC in a distribution of his interest in MedCap Properties, LLC. Each DownREIT unit is redeemable for an amount of cash
approximating the then-current market value of two shares of HCP's common stock or, at HCP's option, two shares of HCP's common stock (subject to certain adjustments, such as stock splits,
stock dividends and reclassifications). During the year ended December 31, 2012, Mr. Klaritch and his affiliates exchanged their remaining approximately 45,000 HCPI/Tennessee, LLC
DownREIT units for approximately 90,000 shares of the Company's common stock. 

 (26) Selected Quarterly Financial Data 

 Selected quarterly information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts). Results of operations
for properties sold or to be sold have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented: 

 Three Months Ended During 2012 

 March 31 

 June 30 

 September 30 

 December 31 

 (in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 455,827 

 $ 

 461,251 

 $ 

 475,157 

 $ 

 508,487 

 Income before income taxes and equity income from and impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 179,808 

 190,016 

 183,897 

 203,072 

 Total discontinued operations 

 2,371 

 (597 

 ) 

 1,153 

 31,031 

 Net income 

 196,564 

 204,975 

 199,043 

 246,260 

 Net income applicable to HCP, Inc. 

 193,380 

 202,024 

 196,108 

 241,028 

 Dividends paid per common share 

 0.50 

 0.50 

 0.50 

 0.50 

 Basic earnings per common share 

 0.43 

 0.48 

 0.46 

 0.54 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 0.43 

 0.48 

 0.45 

 0.53 

 F-57 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Three Months Ended During 2011 

 March 31 

 June 30 

 September 30 

 December 31 

 (in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 327,960 

 $ 

 484,941 

 $ 

 440,914 

 $ 

 458,281 

 Income before income taxes and equity income from and impairments of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 71,602 

 217,897 

 157,464 

 54,875 

 Total discontinued operations 

 1,621 

 1,653 

 962 

 2,920 

 Net income 

 73,984 

 234,252 

 175,471 

 70,787 

 Net income applicable to HCP, Inc. 

 70,093 

 228,759 

 172,195 

 67,844 

 Dividends paid per common share 

 0.48 

 0.48 

 0.48 

 0.48 

 Basic earnings per common share 

 0.17 

 0.55 

 0.41 

 0.15 

 Diluted earnings per common share 

 0.17 

 0.55 

 0.41 

 0.15 

 The above selected quarterly financial data includes the following significant transactions: 

 • On January 14, 2011, the Company acquired its partner's 65% interest in HCP Ventures II, a joint venture
that owned 25 senior housing facilities, becoming the sole owner of the portfolio. The impact of the Company's consolidation of HCP Ventures II is included in the results beginning in the
quarter ended March 31, 2011. 

 • On April 7, 2011, the Company completed its acquisition of substantially all of the real estate assets of HCR
ManorCare. The impact of the HCR ManorCare Acquisition is included in the results beginning in the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 

 • On September 1, 2011, the Company completed a strategic venture with Brookdale that includes the operation of 37
HCP-owned senior living communities previously leased to or operated by Horizon Bay. The impact of reflecting the facility-level results for the 21 RIDEA facilities operated by Brookdale
is included in the results beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2011. 

 • On November 9, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Ventas to settle all remaining claims relating to
Ventas's litigation against HCP arising out of Ventas's 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living REIT. The Company paid $125 million to Ventas and incurred a charge during the quarter ended
December 31, 2011 for such amount. 

 • The Company redeemed all outstanding preferred stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 

 • The Company completed the acquisition of the 129 senior housing portfolio during the quarter ended December 31,
2012. 
 
 F-58 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 December 31, 2012

 (In thousands) 

 Allowance Accounts (1) 

 Additions 

 Deductions 

 Year Ended

December 31,

 Balance at

Beginning of Year 

 Amounts

Charged

Against

Operations, net 

 Acquired

Properties 

 Uncollectible

Accounts

Written-off 

 Disposed

Properties 

 Balance at

End of Year 

 2012 

 $ 

 49,209 

 $ 

 3,724 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 (960 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3,374 

 ) 

 $ 

 48,599 

 2011 

 43,740 

 13,316 

 2 

 (4,673 

 ) 

 (3,176 

 ) 

 49,209 

 2010 

 129,505 

 8,519 

 — 

 (93,858 

 ) 

 (426 

 ) 

 43,740 

 (1) Includes
allowance for doubtful accounts, straight-line rent reserves, and allowances for loan and direct financing lease losses. 
 F-59 

 Table of Contents 

 HCP, Inc. 
 
 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 December 31, 2012 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 Senior housing 

 1107 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 307 

 $ 

 5,813 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 307 

 $ 

 5,453 

 $ 

 5,760 

 $ 

 (852 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1154 

 Little Rock 

 AR 

 — 

 1,922 

 14,140 

 445 

 2,046 

 13,967 

 16,013 

 (2,203 

 ) 

 2006 

 39 

 0786 

 Douglas 

 AZ 

 — 

 110 

 703 

 — 

 110 

 703 

 813 

 (265 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 2087 

 Prescott 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,803 

 8,134 

 — 

 1,803 

 8,134 

 9,937 

 (51 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1974 

 Sun City 

 AZ 

 33,024 

 2,640 

 33,223 

 236 

 2,640 

 33,458 

 36,098 

 (2,563 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0518 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 31,983 

 2,350 

 24,037 

 — 

 2,350 

 24,037 

 26,387 

 (7,411 

 ) 

 2002 

 30 

 1238 

 Beverly Hills 

 CA 

 — 

 9,872 

 32,590 

 2,123 

 9,872 

 33,988 

 43,860 

 (5,442 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1149 

 Camarillo 

 CA 

 — 

 5,798 

 19,427 

 575 

 5,822 

 19,202 

 25,024 

 (2,927 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1006 

 Carlsbad 

 CA 

 — 

 7,897 

 14,255 

 363 

 7,897 

 13,827 

 21,724 

 (2,169 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0883 

 Carmichael 

 CA 

 — 

 4,270 

 13,846 

 — 

 4,270 

 13,236 

 17,506 

 (2,013 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0851 

 Citrus Heights 

 CA 

 — 

 1,180 

 8,367 

 — 

 1,180 

 8,037 

 9,217 

 (1,762 

 ) 

 2006 

 29 

 2092 

 Clearlake 

 CA 

 — 

 354 

 4,799 

 — 

 354 

 4,799 

 5,153 

 (25 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0790 

 Concord 

 CA 

 25,000 

 6,010 

 39,601 

 — 

 6,010 

 38,301 

 44,311 

 (7,085 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 2181 

 Corona 

 CA 

 2 

 2,719 

 10,051 

 — 

 2,719 

 10,051 

 12,770 

 (27 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0787 

 Dana Point 

 CA 

 — 

 1,960 

 15,946 

 — 

 1,960 

 15,466 

 17,426 

 (2,867 

 ) 

 2005 

 39 

 1152 

 Elk Grove 

 CA 

 — 

 2,235 

 6,339 

 262 

 2,235 

 6,448 

 8,683 

 (973 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0798 

 Escondido 

 CA 

 14,340 

 5,090 

 24,253 

 — 

 5,090 

 23,353 

 28,443 

 (4,330 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 2054 

 Fortuna 

 CA 

 — 

 1,248 

 2,865 

 — 

 1,248 

 2,865 

 4,113 

 (18 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2079 

 Fortuna 

 CA 

 — 

 1,346 

 11,856 

 — 

 1,346 

 11,856 

 13,202 

 (57 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0791 

 Fremont 

 CA 

 9,059 

 2,360 

 11,672 

 — 

 2,360 

 11,192 

 13,552 

 (2,075 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1965 

 Fresno 

 CA 

 22,909 

 1,730 

 31,918 

 1,424 

 1,730 

 33,342 

 35,072 

 (2,402 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0788 

 Granada Hills 

 CA 

 — 

 2,200 

 18,257 

 — 

 2,200 

 17,637 

 19,837 

 (3,270 

 ) 

 2005 

 39 

 1156 

 Hemet 

 CA 

 — 

 1,270 

 5,966 

 214 

 1,271 

 5,933 

 7,204 

 (906 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0856 

 Irvine 

 CA 

 — 

 8,220 

 14,104 

 — 

 8,220 

 13,564 

 21,784 

 (1,934 

 ) 

 2006 

 45 

 0227 

 Lodi 

 CA 

 8,880 

 732 

 5,453 

 — 

 732 

 5,453 

 6,185 

 (2,228 

 ) 

 1997 

 35 

 0226 

 Murietta 

 CA 

 5,967 

 435 

 5,729 

 — 

 435 

 5,729 

 6,164 

 (2,274 

 ) 

 1997 

 35 

 1165 

 Northridge 

 CA 

 — 

 6,718 

 26,309 

 549 

 6,752 

 26,015 

 32,767 

 (4,001 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1561 

 Orangevale 

 CA 

 — 

 2,160 

 8,522 

 1,000 

 2,160 

 9,522 

 11,682 

 (1,906 

 ) 

 2008 

 40 

 1168 

 Palm Springs 

 CA 

 — 

 1,005 

 5,183 

 396 

 1,005 

 5,217 

 6,222 

 (770 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0789 

 Pleasant Hill 

 CA 

 6,270 

 2,480 

 21,333 

 — 

 2,480 

 20,633 

 23,113 

 (3,826 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1166 

 Rancho Mirage 

 CA 

 — 

 1,798 

 24,053 

 475 

 1,812 

 23,600 

 25,412 

 (3,628 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2065 

 Roseville 

 CA 

 — 

 692 

 21,662 

 — 

 692 

 21,662 

 22,354 

 (94 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1008 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 6,384 

 32,072 

 222 

 6,384 

 31,191 

 37,575 

 (4,901 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1007 

 San Dimas 

 CA 

 — 

 5,628 

 31,374 

 208 

 5,630 

 30,786 

 36,416 

 (4,835 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1009 

 San Juan Capistrano 

 CA 

 — 

 5,983 

 9,614 

 189 

 5,983 

 9,516 

 15,499 

 (1,507 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1167 

 Santa Rosa 

 CA 

 — 

 3,582 

 21,113 

 665 

 3,627 

 20,964 

 24,591 

 (3,196 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0793 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 10,449 

 3,000 

 16,586 

 — 

 3,000 

 16,056 

 19,056 

 (2,970 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1966 

 Sun City 

 CA 

 17,343 

 2,650 

 22,709 

 857 

 2,650 

 23,567 

 26,217 

 (1,938 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0792 

 Ventura 

 CA 

 9,873 

 2,030 

 17,379 

 — 

 2,030 

 16,749 

 18,779 

 (3,106 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1155 

 Yorba Linda 

 CA 

 — 

 4,968 

 19,290 

 308 

 5,030 

 18,740 

 23,770 

 (2,896 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2055 

 Yreka 

 CA 

 — 

 565 

 9,184 

 — 

 565 

 9,184 

 9,749 

 (49 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1232 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 1,910 

 24,479 

 400 

 1,910 

 23,915 

 25,825 

 (3,689 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0512 

 Denver 

 CO 

 49,164 

 2,810 

 36,021 

 1,885 

 2,810 

 37,906 

 40,716 

 (11,177 

 ) 

 2002 

 30 

 1233 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 2,511 

 30,641 

 342 

 2,528 

 30,163 

 32,691 

 (4,696 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2146 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 875 

 5,693 

 — 

 875 

 5,693 

 6,568 

 (33 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1000 

 Greenwood Village 

 CO 

 — 

 3,367 

 43,610 

 — 

 3,367 

 42,814 

 46,181 

 (6,037 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1234 

 Lakewood 

 CO 

 — 

 3,012 

 31,913 

 321 

 3,012 

 31,437 

 34,449 

 (4,870 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2091 

 Montrose 

 CO 

 — 

 1,378 

 23,924 

 — 

 1,378 

 23,924 

 25,302 

 (105 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2085 

 Glastonbury 

 CT 

 — 

 3,743 

 9,766 

 — 

 3,743 

 9,766 

 13,509 

 (55 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2144 

 Glastonbury 

 CT 

 — 

 2,258 

 15,446 

 — 

 2,258 

 15,446 

 17,704 

 (78 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0730 

 Torrington 

 CT 

 12,460 

 166 

 11,001 

 — 

 166 

 10,591 

 10,757 

 (2,030 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1010 

 Woodbridge 

 CT 

 — 

 2,352 

 9,929 

 224 

 2,363 

 9,680 

 12,043 

 (1,540 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0538 

 Altamonte Springs 

 FL 

 — 

 1,530 

 7,956 

 — 

 1,530 

 7,136 

 8,666 

 (1,783 

 ) 

 2002 

 40 

 0861 

 Apopka 

 FL 

 5,816 

 920 

 4,816 

 — 

 920 

 4,716 

 5,636 

 (842 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 0852 

 Boca Raton 

 FL 

 — 

 4,730 

 17,532 

 2,605 

 4,730 

 19,727 

 24,457 

 (3,982 

 ) 

 2006 

 30 

 1001 

 Boca Raton 

 FL 

 11,523 

 2,415 

 17,923 

 — 

 2,415 

 17,561 

 19,976 

 (2,476 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0544 

 Boynton Beach 

 FL 

 7,950 

 1,270 

 4,773 

 — 

 1,270 

 4,773 

 6,043 

 (1,173 

 ) 

 2003 

 40 

 1963 

 Boynton Beach 

 FL 

 34,037 

 2,550 

 31,521 

 37 

 2,550 

 31,558 

 34,108 

 (2,444 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1964 

 Boynton Beach 

 FL 

 4,765 

 570 

 5,649 

 359 

 570 

 6,008 

 6,578 

 (591 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0539 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 — 

 2,250 

 2,627 

 — 

 2,250 

 2,627 

 4,877 

 (656 

 ) 

 2002 

 40 

 0746 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 17,557 

 3,856 

 12,176 

 — 

 3,856 

 11,321 

 15,177 

 (3,079 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 0862 

 Clermont 

 FL 

 8,236 

 440 

 6,518 

 — 

 440 

 6,418 

 6,858 

 (1,146 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 1002 

 Coconut Creek 

 FL 

 13,779 

 2,461 

 16,006 

 — 

 2,461 

 15,620 

 18,081 

 (2,203 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0492 

 Delray Beach 

 FL 

 11,316 

 850 

 6,637 

 — 

 850 

 6,637 

 7,487 

 (1,459 

 ) 

 2002 

 43 

 0850 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 15,941 

 1,020 

 13,490 

 — 

 1,020 

 13,090 

 14,110 

 (2,154 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 F-60 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 1095 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 — 

 1,221 

 12,226 

 — 

 1,221 

 12,001 

 13,222 

 (1,875 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0490 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 43,756 

 3,250 

 25,936 

 1,539 

 3,250 

 27,475 

 30,725 

 (7,966 

 ) 

 2002 

 35 

 1096 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 — 

 1,587 

 15,616 

 — 

 1,587 

 15,298 

 16,885 

 (2,390 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0855 

 Lantana 

 FL 

 — 

 3,520 

 26,452 

 — 

 3,520 

 25,652 

 29,172 

 (5,487 

 ) 

 2006 

 30 

 1968 

 Largo 

 FL 

 59,700 

 2,920 

 64,989 

 840 

 2,920 

 65,829 

 68,749 

 (5,108 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0731 

 Ocoee 

 FL 

 16,331 

 2,096 

 9,322 

 — 

 2,096 

 8,801 

 10,897 

 (1,687 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 0859 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 8,491 

 670 

 8,071 

 — 

 670 

 7,971 

 8,641 

 (1,423 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 1970 

 Palm Beach Gardens 

 FL 

 32,875 

 4,820 

 26,572 

 5,471 

 4,820 

 32,043 

 36,863 

 (2,283 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1017 

 Palm Harbor 

 FL 

 — 

 1,462 

 16,774 

 500 

 1,462 

 16,888 

 18,350 

 (2,669 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0190 

 Pinellas Park 

 FL 

 3,927 

 480 

 3,911 

 — 

 480 

 3,911 

 4,391 

 (1,872 

 ) 

 1996 

 35 

 0732 

 Port Orange 

 FL 

 15,242 

 2,340 

 9,898 

 — 

 2,340 

 9,377 

 11,717 

 (1,797 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1971 

 Sarasota 

 FL 

 27,525 

 3,050 

 29,516 

 393 

 3,050 

 29,908 

 32,958 

 (2,256 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0802 

 St. Augustine 

 FL 

 14,626 

 830 

 11,627 

 — 

 830 

 11,227 

 12,057 

 (2,352 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0692 

 Sun City Center 

 FL 

 9,746 

 510 

 6,120 

 — 

 510 

 5,865 

 6,375 

 (1,424 

 ) 

 2004 

 35 

 0698 

 Sun City Center 

 FL 

 — 

 3,466 

 70,810 

 — 

 3,466 

 69,750 

 73,216 

 (16,891 

 ) 

 2004 

 34 

 1097 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 — 

 1,331 

 19,039 

 — 

 1,331 

 18,695 

 20,026 

 (2,921 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0224 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 — 

 600 

 5,566 

 686 

 696 

 6,155 

 6,851 

 (1,910 

 ) 

 1997 

 45 

 0849 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 12,036 

 800 

 11,340 

 — 

 800 

 10,940 

 11,740 

 (1,800 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1257 

 Vero Beach 

 FL 

 — 

 2,035 

 34,993 

 201 

 2,035 

 33,634 

 35,669 

 (5,252 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1605 

 Vero Beach 

 FL 

 — 

 700 

 16,234 

 — 

 700 

 16,234 

 16,934 

 (1,185 

 ) 

 2010 

 35 

 1976 

 West Palm Beach 

 FL 

 — 

 390 

 2,241 

 73 

 390 

 2,315 

 2,705 

 (206 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1098 

 Alpharetta 

 GA 

 — 

 793 

 8,761 

 342 

 793 

 8,817 

 9,610 

 (1,387 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1099 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 — 

 687 

 5,507 

 370 

 687 

 5,477 

 6,164 

 (869 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1169 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 — 

 2,665 

 5,911 

 455 

 2,669 

 6,092 

 8,761 

 (894 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2108 

 Buford 

 GA 

 — 

 706 

 3,460 

 — 

 706 

 3,460 

 4,166 

 (20 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2109 

 Buford 

 GA 

 — 

 1,217 

 2,461 

 — 

 1,217 

 2,461 

 3,678 

 (16 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2123 

 Buford 

 GA 

 — 

 1,987 

 6,561 

 — 

 1,987 

 6,561 

 8,548 

 (38 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2053 

 Canton 

 GA 

 — 

 613 

 17,676 

 — 

 613 

 17,676 

 18,289 

 (72 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2155 

 Commerce 

 GA 

 — 

 537 

 8,428 

 — 

 537 

 8,428 

 8,965 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2165 

 Hartwell 

 GA 

 — 

 212 

 6,493 

 — 

 212 

 6,493 

 6,705 

 (30 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2066 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 — 

 774 

 2,476 

 — 

 774 

 2,476 

 3,250 

 (19 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1241 

 Lilburn 

 GA 

 — 

 907 

 17,340 

 7 

 907 

 16,791 

 17,698 

 (2,625 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2167 

 Lithia Springs 

 GA 

 — 

 1,031 

 6,954 

 — 

 1,031 

 6,954 

 7,985 

 (40 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2105 

 Macon 

 GA 

 — 

 547 

 11,157 

 — 

 547 

 11,157 

 11,704 

 (47 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1112 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 — 

 894 

 6,944 

 440 

 904 

 7,108 

 8,012 

 (1,118 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2156 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 — 

 987 

 4,818 

 — 

 987 

 4,818 

 5,805 

 (28 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2086 

 Newnan 

 GA 

 — 

 1,424 

 4,005 

 — 

 1,424 

 4,005 

 5,429 

 (29 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2147 

 Stone Mountain 

 GA 

 — 

 400 

 3,046 

 — 

 400 

 3,046 

 3,446 

 (17 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2118 

 Woodstock 

 GA 

 — 

 764 

 7,334 

 — 

 764 

 7,334 

 8,098 

 (36 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2157 

 Woodstock 

 GA 

 — 

 1,926 

 12,757 

 — 

 1,926 

 12,757 

 14,683 

 (62 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1088 

 Davenport 

 IA 

 — 

 511 

 8,039 

 — 

 511 

 7,868 

 8,379 

 (1,229 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1093 

 Marion 

 IA 

 — 

 502 

 6,865 

 — 

 502 

 6,713 

 7,215 

 (1,049 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2166 

 Sioux City 

 IA 

 — 

 197 

 8,078 

 — 

 197 

 8,078 

 8,275 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1091 

 Bloomington 

 IL 

 — 

 798 

 13,091 

 — 

 798 

 12,832 

 13,630 

 (2,005 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1587 

 Burr Ridge 

 IL 

 — 

 2,640 

 23,902 

 912 

 2,704 

 24,749 

 27,453 

 (2,934 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 1089 

 Champaign 

 IL 

 — 

 101 

 4,207 

 1,592 

 279 

 5,463 

 5,742 

 (710 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1157 

 Hoffman Estates 

 IL 

 — 

 1,701 

 12,037 

 244 

 1,704 

 11,695 

 13,399 

 (1,826 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1090 

 Macomb 

 IL 

 — 

 81 

 6,062 

 — 

 81 

 5,905 

 5,986 

 (923 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1143 

 Mt. Vernon 

 IL 

 — 

 296 

 15,935 

 3,562 

 512 

 18,949 

 19,461 

 (2,654 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1969 

 Niles 

 IL 

 31,508 

 3,790 

 32,912 

 926 

 3,790 

 33,838 

 37,628 

 (2,668 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1005 

 Oak Park 

 IL 

 25,989 

 3,476 

 35,259 

 — 

 3,476 

 34,713 

 38,189 

 (4,895 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1961 

 Olympia Fields 

 IL 

 35,605 

 4,120 

 29,400 

 410 

 4,120 

 29,810 

 33,930 

 (2,328 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1162 

 Orland Park 

 IL 

 — 

 2,623 

 23,154 

 224 

 2,623 

 22,748 

 25,371 

 (3,529 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1092 

 Peoria 

 IL 

 — 

 404 

 10,050 

 — 

 404 

 9,840 

 10,244 

 (1,538 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1588 

 Prospect Heights 

 IL 

 — 

 2,680 

 20,299 

 953 

 2,725 

 21,208 

 23,933 

 (2,576 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 1952 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 52,252 

 4,900 

 45,854 

 336 

 4,900 

 46,190 

 51,090 

 (3,492 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1237 

 Wilmette 

 IL 

 — 

 1,100 

 9,373 

 — 

 1,100 

 9,149 

 10,249 

 (1,430 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0379 

 Evansville 

 IN 

 — 

 500 

 9,302 

 — 

 500 

 7,762 

 8,262 

 (2,256 

 ) 

 1999 

 45 

 1144 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 1,197 

 7,718 

 — 

 1,197 

 7,486 

 8,683 

 (1,170 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1145 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 1,144 

 8,261 

 7,371 

 1,144 

 15,399 

 16,543 

 (1,997 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0457 

 Jasper 

 IN 

 — 

 165 

 5,952 

 359 

 165 

 6,311 

 6,476 

 (2,081 

 ) 

 2001 

 35 

 2047 

 Kokomo 

 IN 

 — 

 296 

 3,245 

 — 

 296 

 3,245 

 3,541 

 (93 

 ) 

 2012 

 30 

 1146 

 West Lafayette 

 IN 

 — 

 813 

 10,876 

 — 

 813 

 10,626 

 11,439 

 (1,660 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1170 

 Edgewood 

 KY 

 — 

 1,868 

 4,934 

 339 

 1,916 

 4,796 

 6,712 

 (713 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0697 

 Lexington 

 KY 

 8,010 

 2,093 

 16,917 

 — 

 2,093 

 16,299 

 18,392 

 (4,615 

 ) 

 2004 

 30 

 1105 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 1,499 

 26,252 

 240 

 1,513 

 25,868 

 27,381 

 (4,061 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 F-61 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 2115 

 Murray 

 KY 

 — 

 480 

 7,208 

 — 

 480 

 7,208 

 7,688 

 (40 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2135 

 Paducah 

 KY 

 — 

 621 

 16,768 

 — 

 621 

 16,768 

 17,389 

 (68 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 1013 

 Danvers 

 MA 

 — 

 4,616 

 30,692 

 243 

 4,621 

 30,344 

 34,965 

 (4,772 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1151 

 Dartmouth 

 MA 

 — 

 3,145 

 6,880 

 516 

 3,176 

 7,117 

 10,293 

 (1,049 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1012 

 Dedham 

 MA 

 — 

 3,930 

 21,340 

 267 

 3,930 

 21,032 

 24,962 

 (3,297 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1158 

 Plymouth 

 MA 

 — 

 2,434 

 9,027 

 441 

 2,438 

 8,987 

 11,425 

 (1,348 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1153 

 Baltimore 

 MD 

 — 

 1,684 

 18,889 

 380 

 1,695 

 18,835 

 20,530 

 (2,895 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1249 

 Frederick 

 MD 

 — 

 609 

 9,158 

 89 

 609 

 9,003 

 9,612 

 (1,415 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1011 

 Pikesville 

 MD 

 — 

 1,416 

 8,854 

 288 

 1,416 

 8,681 

 10,097 

 (1,404 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0281 

 Westminster 

 MD 

 15,295 

 768 

 5,251 

 — 

 768 

 4,853 

 5,621 

 (1,444 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 0546 

 Cape Elizabeth 

 ME 

 — 

 630 

 3,524 

 93 

 630 

 3,617 

 4,247 

 (885 

 ) 

 2003 

 40 

 0545 

 Saco 

 ME 

 — 

 80 

 2,363 

 155 

 80 

 2,518 

 2,598 

 (612 

 ) 

 2003 

 40 

 1258 

 Auburn Hills 

 MI 

 — 

 2,281 

 10,692 

 — 

 2,281 

 10,692 

 12,973 

 (1,671 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1248 

 Farmington Hills 

 MI 

 — 

 1,013 

 12,119 

 294 

 1,013 

 12,070 

 13,083 

 (1,910 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0696 

 Holland 

 MI 

 41,447 

 787 

 51,410 

 — 

 787 

 50,172 

 50,959 

 (14,243 

 ) 

 2004 

 29 

 1094 

 Portage 

 MI 

 — 

 100 

 5,700 

 4,617 

 100 

 9,950 

 10,050 

 (1,408 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0472 

 Sterling Heights 

 MI 

 — 

 920 

 7,326 

 — 

 920 

 7,326 

 8,246 

 (2,372 

 ) 

 2001 

 35 

 1259 

 Sterling Heights 

 MI 

 — 

 1,593 

 11,500 

 — 

 1,593 

 11,181 

 12,774 

 (1,747 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2143 

 Champlin 

 MN 

 — 

 1,576 

 26,725 

 — 

 1,576 

 26,725 

 28,301 

 (111 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 1235 

 Des Peres 

 MO 

 — 

 4,361 

 20,664 

 — 

 4,361 

 20,046 

 24,407 

 (3,132 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1236 

 Richmond Heights 

 MO 

 — 

 1,744 

 24,232 

 — 

 1,744 

 23,548 

 25,292 

 (3,679 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0853 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 2,500 

 20,343 

 — 

 2,500 

 19,853 

 22,353 

 (4,357 

 ) 

 2006 

 30 

 2081 

 St. Peters 

 MO 

 — 

 1,377 

 31,508 

 — 

 1,377 

 31,508 

 32,885 

 (154 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2074 

 Oxford 

 MS 

 — 

 2,003 

 14,140 

 — 

 2,003 

 14,140 

 16,143 

 (65 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0842 

 Great Falls 

 MT 

 — 

 500 

 5,683 

 — 

 500 

 5,423 

 5,923 

 (926 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2163 

 Great Falls 

 MT 

 — 

 252 

 9,908 

 — 

 252 

 9,908 

 10,160 

 (44 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0878 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 710 

 9,559 

 — 

 710 

 9,159 

 9,869 

 (1,393 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1584 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 2,052 

 6,529 

 — 

 2,052 

 6,529 

 8,581 

 (637 

 ) 

 2010 

 40 

 1119 

 Concord 

 NC 

 — 

 601 

 7,615 

 166 

 612 

 7,546 

 8,158 

 (1,195 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2126 

 Mooresville 

 NC 

 — 

 1,866 

 38,289 

 — 

 1,866 

 38,289 

 40,155 

 (151 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 1254 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 — 

 1,191 

 11,532 

 54 

 1,191 

 11,300 

 12,491 

 (1,774 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2127 

 Minot 

 ND 

 — 

 685 

 16,047 

 — 

 685 

 16,047 

 16,732 

 (74 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2080 

 Kearney 

 NE 

 — 

 463 

 22,977 

 — 

 463 

 22,977 

 23,440 

 (103 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2169 

 Lexington 

 NE 

 — 

 474 

 8,405 

 — 

 474 

 8,405 

 8,879 

 (52 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2168 

 Mc Cook 

 NE 

 — 

 1,024 

 13,789 

 — 

 1,024 

 13,789 

 14,813 

 (85 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2129 

 Seward 

 NE 

 — 

 792 

 18,276 

 — 

 792 

 18,276 

 19,068 

 (97 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2119 

 Wayne 

 NE 

 — 

 675 

 14,283 

 — 

 675 

 14,283 

 14,958 

 (69 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1599 

 Cherry Hill 

 NJ 

 — 

 2,420 

 11,042 

 1,000 

 2,420 

 12,042 

 14,462 

 (1,399 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 1239 

 Cresskill 

 NJ 

 — 

 4,684 

 53,927 

 43 

 4,684 

 52,984 

 57,668 

 (8,280 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0734 

 Hillsborough 

 NJ 

 15,778 

 1,042 

 10,042 

 — 

 1,042 

 9,576 

 10,618 

 (1,835 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1242 

 Madison 

 NJ 

 — 

 3,157 

 19,909 

 35 

 3,157 

 19,358 

 22,515 

 (3,028 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0733 

 Manahawkin 

 NJ 

 13,766 

 921 

 9,927 

 — 

 921 

 9,461 

 10,382 

 (1,813 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1014 

 Paramus 

 NJ 

 — 

 4,280 

 31,684 

 207 

 4,280 

 31,191 

 35,471 

 (4,899 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1231 

 Saddle River 

 NJ 

 — 

 1,784 

 15,625 

 164 

 1,784 

 15,345 

 17,129 

 (2,399 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0245 

 Voorhees Township 

 NJ 

 8,541 

 900 

 7,629 

 — 

 900 

 7,629 

 8,529 

 (2,299 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 0213 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 767 

 9,324 

 — 

 767 

 8,825 

 9,592 

 (3,059 

 ) 

 1996 

 45 

 2120 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 2,129 

 8,144 

 — 

 2,129 

 8,144 

 10,273 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2161 

 Rio Rancho 

 NM 

 — 

 1,154 

 13,726 

 — 

 1,154 

 13,726 

 14,880 

 (74 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2121 

 Roswell 

 NM 

 — 

 1,265 

 6,391 

 — 

 1,265 

 6,391 

 7,656 

 (42 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2150 

 Roswell 

 NM 

 — 

 1,148 

 8,303 

 — 

 1,148 

 8,303 

 9,451 

 (53 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0796 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 1,960 

 5,816 

 — 

 1,960 

 5,426 

 7,386 

 (1,006 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 2110 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 667 

 14,469 

 — 

 667 

 14,469 

 15,136 

 (79 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1252 

 Brooklyn 

 NY 

 — 

 8,117 

 23,627 

 532 

 8,117 

 23,582 

 31,699 

 (3,797 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1256 

 Brooklyn 

 NY 

 — 

 5,215 

 39,052 

 82 

 5,215 

 38,283 

 43,498 

 (5,991 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2177 

 Clifton Park 

 NY 

 — 

 2,257 

 11,470 

 — 

 2,257 

 11,470 

 13,727 

 (55 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2176 

 Greece 

 NY 

 — 

 666 

 9,569 

 — 

 666 

 9,569 

 10,235 

 (49 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2178 

 Greece 

 NY 

 — 

 601 

 7,362 

 — 

 601 

 7,362 

 7,963 

 (38 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2174 

 Orchard Park 

 NY 

 — 

 726 

 17,735 

 — 

 726 

 17,735 

 18,461 

 (95 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2175 

 Orchard Park 

 NY 

 — 

 478 

 11,961 

 — 

 478 

 11,961 

 12,439 

 (59 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0473 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 — 

 600 

 4,428 

 — 

 600 

 4,428 

 5,028 

 (1,434 

 ) 

 2001 

 35 

 0841 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 6,480 

 970 

 7,806 

 1,023 

 970 

 8,438 

 9,408 

 (1,395 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0857 

 Fairborn 

 OH 

 6,651 

 810 

 8,311 

 — 

 810 

 8,011 

 8,821 

 (1,468 

 ) 

 2006 

 36 

 1147 

 Fairborn 

 OH 

 — 

 298 

 10,704 

 3,068 

 298 

 13,541 

 13,839 

 (1,980 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1386 

 Marietta 

 OH 

 — 

 1,069 

 11,435 

 — 

 1,069 

 11,230 

 12,299 

 (1,545 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1253 

 Poland 

 OH 

 — 

 695 

 10,444 

 7 

 695 

 10,113 

 10,808 

 (1,582 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1159 

 Willoughby 

 OH 

 — 

 1,177 

 9,982 

 295 

 1,194 

 9,855 

 11,049 

 (1,505 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 F-62 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 2158 

 Broken Arrow 

 OK 

 — 

 1,115 

 18,852 

 — 

 1,115 

 18,852 

 19,967 

 (82 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2122 

 Muskogee 

 OK 

 — 

 412 

 2,815 

 — 

 412 

 2,815 

 3,227 

 (19 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1171 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 — 

 801 

 4,904 

 265 

 811 

 4,776 

 5,587 

 (718 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2082 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 — 

 1,696 

 3,591 

 — 

 1,696 

 3,591 

 5,287 

 (23 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2083 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 — 

 2,116 

 28,007 

 — 

 2,116 

 28,007 

 30,123 

 (125 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2070 

 Tahlequah 

 OK 

 — 

 256 

 5,648 

 — 

 256 

 5,648 

 5,904 

 (29 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1160 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 — 

 1,115 

 11,028 

 282 

 1,129 

 10,607 

 11,736 

 (1,624 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2130 

 Ashland 

 OR 

 — 

 — 

 19,303 

 — 

 — 

 19,303 

 19,303 

 (90 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2103 

 Eagle Point 

 OR 

 — 

 609 

 12,117 

 — 

 609 

 12,117 

 12,726 

 (55 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2098 

 Eugene 

 OR 

 — 

 1,082 

 18,858 

 — 

 1,082 

 18,858 

 19,940 

 (76 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2104 

 Eugene 

 OR 

 — 

 653 

 13,568 

 — 

 653 

 13,568 

 14,221 

 (61 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2136 

 Grants Pass 

 OR 

 — 

 553 

 3,144 

 — 

 553 

 3,144 

 3,697 

 (19 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2137 

 Grants Pass 

 OR 

 — 

 1,064 

 16,124 

 — 

 1,064 

 16,124 

 17,188 

 (67 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2138 

 Grants Pass 

 OR 

 — 

 654 

 2,896 

 — 

 654 

 2,896 

 3,550 

 (26 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2145 

 Grants Pass 

 OR 

 — 

 561 

 13,444 

 — 

 561 

 13,444 

 14,005 

 (59 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2139 

 Gresham 

 OR 

 — 

 533 

 6,335 

 — 

 533 

 6,335 

 6,868 

 (29 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2140 

 Lebanon 

 OR 

 — 

 505 

 12,571 

 — 

 505 

 12,571 

 13,076 

 (58 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2152 

 McMinnville 

 OR 

 — 

 3,203 

 24,909 

 — 

 3,203 

 24,909 

 28,112 

 (184 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2159 

 McMinnville 

 OR 

 — 

 1,374 

 6,118 

 — 

 1,374 

 6,118 

 7,492 

 (38 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2090 

 Monmouth 

 OR 

 — 

 679 

 1,089 

 — 

 679 

 1,089 

 1,768 

 (10 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2106 

 Monmouth 

 OR 

 — 

 603 

 8,538 

 — 

 603 

 8,538 

 9,141 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2089 

 Newberg 

 OR 

 — 

 1,889 

 16,855 

 — 

 1,889 

 16,855 

 18,744 

 (74 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2133 

 Portland 

 OR 

 — 

 1,615 

 12,030 

 — 

 1,615 

 12,030 

 13,645 

 (50 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2151 

 Portland 

 OR 

 — 

 1,890 

 9,256 

 — 

 1,890 

 9,256 

 11,146 

 (51 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2171 

 Portland 

 OR 

 — 

 — 

 16,087 

 — 

 — 

 16,087 

 16,087 

 (64 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2050 

 Redmond 

 OR 

 — 

 1,229 

 21,921 

 — 

 1,229 

 21,921 

 23,150 

 (87 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2084 

 Roseburg 

 OR 

 — 

 912 

 12,220 

 — 

 912 

 12,220 

 13,132 

 (62 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2134 

 Scappoose 

 OR 

 — 

 489 

 1,122 

 — 

 489 

 1,122 

 1,611 

 (8 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2153 

 Scappoose 

 OR 

 — 

 971 

 7,116 

 — 

 971 

 7,116 

 8,087 

 (41 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2051 

 Springfield 

 OR 

 — 

 1,124 

 22,515 

 — 

 1,124 

 22,515 

 23,639 

 (95 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2057 

 Springfield 

 OR 

 — 

 527 

 6,035 

 — 

 527 

 6,035 

 6,562 

 (32 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2056 

 Stayton 

 OR 

 — 

 130 

 487 

 — 

 130 

 487 

 617 

 (5 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2058 

 Stayton 

 OR 

 — 

 253 

 8,621 

 — 

 253 

 8,621 

 8,874 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2088 

 Tualatin 

 OR 

 — 

 — 

 6,326 

 — 

 — 

 6,326 

 6,326 

 (42 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1163 

 Haverford 

 PA 

 — 

 16,461 

 108,816 

 2,628 

 16,461 

 109,832 

 126,293 

 (17,166 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2063 

 Selinsgrove 

 PA 

 — 

 529 

 9,111 

 — 

 529 

 9,111 

 9,640 

 (51 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1967 

 Cumberland 

 RI 

 — 

 2,630 

 19,050 

 171 

 2,630 

 19,221 

 21,851 

 (1,500 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1959 

 East Providence 

 RI 

 18,060 

 1,890 

 13,989 

 301 

 1,890 

 14,290 

 16,180 

 (1,118 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1960 

 Greenwich 

 RI 

 9,890 

 450 

 11,845 

 761 

 450 

 12,606 

 13,056 

 (986 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1972 

 Smithfield 

 RI 

 — 

 1,250 

 17,816 

 48 

 1,250 

 17,864 

 19,114 

 (1,465 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1973 

 South Kingstown 

 RI 

 — 

 1,390 

 12,551 

 16 

 1,390 

 12,567 

 13,957 

 (999 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1975 

 Tiverton 

 RI 

 — 

 3,240 

 25,735 

 35 

 3,240 

 25,770 

 29,010 

 (1,984 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1962 

 Warwick 

 RI 

 17,671 

 1,050 

 17,389 

 696 

 1,050 

 18,082 

 19,132 

 (1,459 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1104 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 — 

 357 

 14,832 

 151 

 363 

 14,471 

 14,834 

 (2,282 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1100 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 — 

 885 

 14,124 

 292 

 896 

 14,075 

 14,971 

 (2,216 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1109 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 408 

 7,527 

 131 

 412 

 7,458 

 7,870 

 (1,179 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2154 

 Florence 

 SC 

 — 

 379 

 3,928 

 — 

 379 

 3,928 

 4,307 

 (25 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0306 

 Georgetown 

 SC 

 — 

 239 

 3,008 

 — 

 239 

 3,008 

 3,247 

 (903 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 0879 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 1,090 

 12,558 

 — 

 1,090 

 12,058 

 13,148 

 (1,834 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1172 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 993 

 16,314 

 437 

 1,006 

 15,838 

 16,844 

 (2,430 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2059 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 679 

 3,297 

 — 

 679 

 3,297 

 3,976 

 (23 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2099 

 Hilton Head Island 

 SC 

 — 

 1,346 

 5,767 

 — 

 1,346 

 5,767 

 7,113 

 (35 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2111 

 Hilton Head Island 

 SC 

 — 

 1,651 

 1,329 

 — 

 1,651 

 1,329 

 2,980 

 (12 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2112 

 Hilton Head Island 

 SC 

 — 

 993 

 1,862 

 — 

 993 

 1,862 

 2,855 

 (14 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0305 

 Lancaster 

 SC 

 — 

 84 

 2,982 

 — 

 84 

 2,982 

 3,066 

 (811 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 0880 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 — 

 900 

 10,913 

 — 

 900 

 10,513 

 11,413 

 (1,599 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0312 

 Rock Hill 

 SC 

 — 

 203 

 2,671 

 — 

 203 

 2,671 

 2,874 

 (782 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 1113 

 Rock Hill 

 SC 

 — 

 695 

 4,119 

 322 

 795 

 4,126 

 4,921 

 (697 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2076 

 Rock Hill 

 SC 

 — 

 919 

 14,741 

 — 

 919 

 14,741 

 15,660 

 (72 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2093 

 Rock Hill 

 SC 

 — 

 644 

 4,140 

 — 

 644 

 4,140 

 4,784 

 (23 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0313 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 — 

 196 

 2,623 

 — 

 196 

 2,623 

 2,819 

 (788 

 ) 

 1998 

 45 

 2067 

 West Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 373 

 2,509 

 — 

 373 

 2,509 

 2,882 

 (18 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2132 

 Cordova 

 TN 

 — 

 2,167 

 5,829 

 — 

 2,167 

 5,829 

 7,996 

 (17 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2060 

 Franklin 

 TN 

 — 

 1,905 

 27,907 

 — 

 1,905 

 27,907 

 29,812 

 (125 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2100 

 Hendersonville 

 TN 

 — 

 1,486 

 2,276 

 — 

 1,486 

 2,276 

 3,762 

 (20 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2073 

 Kingsport 

 TN 

 — 

 1,113 

 8,625 

 — 

 1,113 

 8,625 

 9,738 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 F-63 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 2071 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 — 

 978 

 10,124 

 — 

 978 

 10,124 

 11,102 

 (44 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1003 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 11,131 

 812 

 16,983 

 562 

 812 

 16,797 

 17,609 

 (2,289 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2094 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 — 

 1,106 

 14,774 

 — 

 1,106 

 14,774 

 15,880 

 (65 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0860 

 Oak Ridge 

 TN 

 8,515 

 500 

 4,741 

 — 

 500 

 4,641 

 5,141 

 (829 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 0843 

 Abilene 

 TX 

 1,813 

 300 

 2,830 

 — 

 300 

 2,710 

 3,010 

 (446 

 ) 

 2006 

 39 

 2107 

 Amarillo 

 TX 

 — 

 1,315 

 26,838 

 — 

 1,315 

 26,838 

 28,153 

 (118 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1004 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 14,243 

 2,002 

 19,110 

 — 

 2,002 

 18,729 

 20,731 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1116 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 — 

 2,494 

 12,192 

 249 

 2,540 

 11,873 

 14,413 

 (1,875 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0511 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 2,960 

 41,645 

 — 

 2,960 

 41,645 

 44,605 

 (12,840 

 ) 

 2002 

 30 

 1589 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 2,860 

 17,358 

 497 

 2,973 

 17,742 

 20,715 

 (2,287 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 0202 

 Beaumont 

 TX 

 — 

 145 

 10,404 

 — 

 145 

 10,020 

 10,165 

 (3,547 

 ) 

 1996 

 45 

 2075 

 Bedford 

 TX 

 — 

 1,204 

 26,845 

 — 

 1,204 

 26,845 

 28,049 

 (118 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0844 

 Burleson 

 TX 

 4,140 

 1,050 

 5,242 

 — 

 1,050 

 4,902 

 5,952 

 (807 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0848 

 Cedar Hill 

 TX 

 8,743 

 1,070 

 11,554 

 — 

 1,070 

 11,104 

 12,174 

 (1,827 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1325 

 Cedar Hill 

 TX 

 — 

 440 

 7,494 

 — 

 440 

 7,494 

 7,934 

 (1,522 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 2164 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 — 

 2,993 

 8,113 

 — 

 2,993 

 8,113 

 11,106 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0513 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 2,830 

 50,832 

 — 

 2,830 

 50,832 

 53,662 

 (15,673 

 ) 

 2002 

 30 

 0506 

 Friendswood 

 TX 

 22,714 

 400 

 7,354 

 — 

 400 

 7,354 

 7,754 

 (1,716 

 ) 

 2002 

 45 

 0217 

 Houston 

 TX 

 11,517 

 835 

 7,195 

 — 

 835 

 7,195 

 8,030 

 (2,380 

 ) 

 1997 

 45 

 0491 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 2,470 

 21,710 

 750 

 2,470 

 22,460 

 24,930 

 (6,936 

 ) 

 2002 

 35 

 1106 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,008 

 15,333 

 183 

 1,020 

 15,098 

 16,118 

 (2,373 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1111 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,877 

 25,372 

 247 

 1,961 

 24,491 

 26,452 

 (3,853 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1955 

 Houston 

 TX 

 59,350 

 9,820 

 50,079 

 1,673 

 9,820 

 51,752 

 61,572 

 (4,332 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1956 

 Houston 

 TX 

 11,334 

 4,450 

 9,272 

 1,151 

 4,450 

 10,422 

 14,872 

 (1,897 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1957 

 Houston 

 TX 

 38,976 

 8,170 

 37,285 

 794 

 8,170 

 38,080 

 46,250 

 (3,034 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1958 

 Houston 

 TX 

 35,888 

 2,910 

 37,443 

 876 

 2,910 

 38,321 

 41,231 

 (3,074 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 2068 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 985 

 18,824 

 — 

 985 

 18,824 

 19,809 

 (84 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0820 

 Irving 

 TX 

 10,721 

 710 

 9,949 

 — 

 710 

 9,359 

 10,069 

 (1,872 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 2149 

 Kerrville 

 TX 

 — 

 836 

 34,031 

 — 

 836 

 34,031 

 34,867 

 (157 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2124 

 Lubbock 

 TX 

 — 

 1,143 

 4,656 

 — 

 1,143 

 4,656 

 5,799 

 (28 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0845 

 North Richland Hills 

 TX 

 3,026 

 520 

 5,117 

 — 

 520 

 4,807 

 5,327 

 (791 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0846 

 North Richland Hills 

 TX 

 6,631 

 870 

 9,259 

 — 

 870 

 8,819 

 9,689 

 (1,659 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 2113 

 North Richland Hills 

 TX 

 — 

 743 

 11,503 

 — 

 743 

 11,503 

 12,246 

 (51 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1102 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 494 

 12,518 

 145 

 505 

 12,247 

 12,752 

 (1,925 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2064 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 590 

 6,930 

 — 

 590 

 6,930 

 7,520 

 (36 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2162 

 Portland 

 TX 

 — 

 1,233 

 14,001 

 — 

 1,233 

 14,001 

 15,234 

 (72 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0494 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 7,813 

 730 

 3,961 

 — 

 730 

 3,961 

 4,691 

 (946 

 ) 

 2002 

 45 

 1590 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 2,860 

 17,030 

 282 

 2,880 

 17,292 

 20,172 

 (2,236 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 2116 

 Sherman 

 TX 

 — 

 563 

 3,138 

 — 

 563 

 3,138 

 3,701 

 (19 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1954 

 Sugar Land 

 TX 

 38,384 

 3,420 

 36,846 

 896 

 3,420 

 37,742 

 41,162 

 (2,904 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1103 

 The Woodlands 

 TX 

 — 

 802 

 17,358 

 228 

 869 

 17,071 

 17,940 

 (2,689 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0195 

 Victoria 

 TX 

 12,645 

 175 

 4,290 

 3,101 

 175 

 7,018 

 7,193 

 (1,848 

 ) 

 1995 

 43 

 0847 

 Waxahachie 

 TX 

 2,079 

 390 

 3,879 

 — 

 390 

 3,659 

 4,049 

 (602 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1953 

 Webster 

 TX 

 36,675 

 4,780 

 30,854 

 793 

 4,780 

 31,646 

 36,426 

 (2,503 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 2069 

 Cedar City 

 UT 

 — 

 437 

 8,706 

 — 

 437 

 8,706 

 9,143 

 (40 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1161 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 2,621 

 22,072 

 287 

 2,654 

 21,371 

 24,025 

 (3,317 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2101 

 St. George 

 UT 

 — 

 683 

 9,435 

 — 

 683 

 9,435 

 10,118 

 (45 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1015 

 Arlington 

 VA 

 — 

 4,320 

 19,567 

 455 

 4,320 

 19,445 

 23,765 

 (3,102 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1244 

 Arlington 

 VA 

 — 

 3,833 

 7,076 

 92 

 3,833 

 6,931 

 10,764 

 (1,083 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1245 

 Arlington 

 VA 

 — 

 7,278 

 37,407 

 226 

 7,278 

 36,748 

 44,026 

 (5,772 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0881 

 Chesapeake 

 VA 

 — 

 1,090 

 12,444 

 — 

 1,090 

 11,944 

 13,034 

 (1,817 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1247 

 Falls Church 

 VA 

 — 

 2,228 

 8,887 

 108 

 2,228 

 8,780 

 11,008 

 (1,390 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1164 

 Fort Belvoir 

 VA 

 — 

 11,594 

 99,528 

 6,332 

 11,594 

 103,862 

 115,456 

 (16,653 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1250 

 Leesburg 

 VA 

 — 

 607 

 3,236 

 66 

 607 

 3,157 

 3,764 

 (1,869 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 1016 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 2,110 

 11,469 

 281 

 2,110 

 11,324 

 13,434 

 (1,785 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1246 

 Sterling 

 VA 

 — 

 2,360 

 22,932 

 250 

 2,360 

 22,668 

 25,028 

 (3,573 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2077 

 Sterling 

 VA 

 — 

 1,046 

 15,788 

 — 

 1,046 

 15,788 

 16,834 

 (68 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0225 

 Woodbridge 

 VA 

 — 

 950 

 6,983 

 — 

 950 

 6,983 

 7,933 

 (2,211 

 ) 

 1997 

 45 

 1173 

 Bellevue 

 WA 

 — 

 3,734 

 16,171 

 210 

 3,737 

 15,813 

 19,550 

 (2,447 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2095 

 College Place 

 WA 

 — 

 758 

 8,051 

 — 

 758 

 8,051 

 8,809 

 (43 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1240 

 Edmonds 

 WA 

 — 

 1,418 

 16,502 

 35 

 1,418 

 16,066 

 17,484 

 (2,514 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2172 

 Ellensburg 

 WA 

 — 

 1,291 

 5,167 

 — 

 1,291 

 5,167 

 6,458 

 (37 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2160 

 Kenmore 

 WA 

 — 

 3,284 

 16,641 

 — 

 3,284 

 16,641 

 19,925 

 (73 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0797 

 Kirkland 

 WA 

 — 

 1,000 

 13,403 

 — 

 1,000 

 13,043 

 14,043 

 (2,419 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1174 

 Lynnwood 

 WA 

 — 

 1,203 

 7,415 

 326 

 1,203 

 7,741 

 8,944 

 (1,167 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1251 

 Mercer Island 

 WA 

 — 

 4,209 

 8,123 

 296 

 4,209 

 8,214 

 12,423 

 (1,335 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 F-64 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 2141 

 Moses Lake 

 WA 

 — 

 603 

 4,243 

 — 

 603 

 4,243 

 4,846 

 (31 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2096 

 Poulsbo 

 WA 

 — 

 3,529 

 16,340 

 — 

 3,529 

 16,340 

 19,869 

 (80 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2102 

 Richland 

 WA 

 — 

 375 

 4,941 

 — 

 375 

 4,941 

 5,316 

 (23 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0794 

 Shoreline 

 WA 

 9,178 

 1,590 

 10,671 

 — 

 1,590 

 10,261 

 11,851 

 (1,903 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 0795 

 Shoreline 

 WA 

 — 

 4,030 

 26,421 

 — 

 4,030 

 25,651 

 29,681 

 (4,678 

 ) 

 2005 

 39 

 1175 

 Snohomish 

 WA 

 — 

 1,541 

 10,228 

 195 

 1,541 

 10,164 

 11,705 

 (1,563 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2097 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 — 

 1,310 

 4,956 

 — 

 1,310 

 4,956 

 6,266 

 (33 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2061 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 973 

 4,096 

 — 

 973 

 4,096 

 5,069 

 (25 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2062 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,498 

 9,997 

 — 

 1,498 

 9,997 

 11,495 

 (46 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2052 

 Yakima 

 WA 

 — 

 557 

 5,897 

 — 

 557 

 5,897 

 6,454 

 (29 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2078 

 Yakima 

 WA 

 — 

 265 

 5,756 

 — 

 265 

 5,756 

 6,021 

 (25 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2114 

 Yakima 

 WA 

 — 

 1,187 

 8,406 

 — 

 1,187 

 8,406 

 9,593 

 (46 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2072 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 246 

 12,517 

 — 

 246 

 12,517 

 12,763 

 (57 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2170 

 Madison 

 WI 

 — 

 834 

 10,050 

 — 

 834 

 10,050 

 10,884 

 (52 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 2117 

 Bridgeport 

 WV 

 — 

 4,008 

 14,603 

 — 

 4,008 

 14,603 

 18,611 

 (90 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2125 

 Bridgeport 

 WV 

 — 

 4,093 

 3,368 

 — 

 4,093 

 3,368 

 7,461 

 (32 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2142 

 Cody 

 WY 

 — 

 558 

 10,076 

 — 

 558 

 10,076 

 10,634 

 (40 

 ) 

 2012 

 50 

 2148 

 Sheridan 

 WY 

 — 

 915 

 12,047 

 — 

 915 

 12,047 

 12,962 

 (58 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 $ 

 1,294,357 

 $ 

 619,716 

 $ 

 5,074,654 

 $ 

 87,650 

 $ 

 621,354 

 $ 

 5,081,517 

 $ 

 5,702,871 

 $ 

 (605,972 

 ) 

 Life Science 

 1482 

 Brisbane 

 CA 

 — 

 50,989 

 1,789 

 36,920 

 50,989 

 38,708 

 89,697 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1481 

 Carlsbad 

 CA 

 — 

 30,300 

 — 

 7,705 

 30,300 

 7,705 

 38,005 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1522 

 Carlsbad 

 CA 

 — 

 23,475 

 — 

 2,792 

 23,475 

 2,792 

 26,267 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1401 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 900 

 7,100 

 913 

 900 

 8,013 

 8,913 

 (976 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1402 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,500 

 6,400 

 3,458 

 1,500 

 9,857 

 11,357 

 (1,343 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1403 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,900 

 7,100 

 263 

 1,900 

 7,363 

 9,263 

 (1,189 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1404 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 2,200 

 17,200 

 12 

 2,200 

 17,212 

 19,412 

 (2,331 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1405 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,000 

 3,200 

 7,478 

 1,000 

 10,678 

 11,678 

 (2,154 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1549 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,006 

 4,259 

 1,534 

 1,006 

 5,793 

 6,799 

 (1,285 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1550 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 677 

 2,761 

 54 

 677 

 2,814 

 3,491 

 (526 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1551 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 661 

 1,995 

 2,322 

 661 

 4,317 

 4,978 

 (381 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1552 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,187 

 7,139 

 594 

 1,187 

 7,733 

 8,920 

 (1,633 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1553 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,189 

 9,465 

 95 

 1,189 

 9,560 

 10,749 

 (1,795 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1554 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,246 

 5,179 

 1,822 

 1,246 

 7,001 

 8,247 

 (1,516 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1555 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,521 

 13,546 

 121 

 1,521 

 13,667 

 15,188 

 (2,567 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1556 

 Hayward 

 CA 

 — 

 1,212 

 5,120 

 2,699 

 1,212 

 7,819 

 9,031 

 (1,467 

 ) 

 2007 

 29 

 1424 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 — 

 9,600 

 25,283 

 7,397 

 9,648 

 31,703 

 41,351 

 (4,213 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1425 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 — 

 6,200 

 19,883 

 99 

 6,276 

 19,906 

 26,182 

 (2,724 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1426 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 — 

 7,200 

 12,412 

 3,084 

 7,291 

 15,404 

 22,695 

 (3,552 

 ) 

 2007 

 27 

 1427 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 — 

 8,700 

 16,983 

 671 

 8,746 

 17,608 

 26,354 

 (3,387 

 ) 

 2007 

 30 

 1947 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 12,222 

 2,581 

 10,534 

 20 

 2,581 

 10,554 

 13,135 

 (703 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1949 

 La Jolla 

 CA 

 8,068 

 2,686 

 11,045 

 527 

 2,686 

 11,572 

 14,258 

 (747 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1488 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 7,300 

 25,410 

 1,360 

 7,559 

 26,506 

 34,065 

 (3,577 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1489 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 6,500 

 22,800 

 1,866 

 6,500 

 24,666 

 31,166 

 (3,206 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1490 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 4,800 

 9,500 

 442 

 4,800 

 9,942 

 14,742 

 (1,400 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1491 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 4,200 

 8,400 

 1,249 

 4,209 

 9,640 

 13,849 

 (1,833 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1492 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 3,600 

 9,700 

 730 

 3,600 

 10,430 

 14,030 

 (2,041 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1493 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 7,500 

 16,300 

 1,904 

 7,500 

 17,603 

 25,103 

 (2,316 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1494 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 9,800 

 24,000 

 203 

 9,800 

 24,203 

 34,003 

 (3,297 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1495 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 6,900 

 17,800 

 3,245 

 6,900 

 21,046 

 27,946 

 (2,514 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1496 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 7,000 

 17,000 

 6,364 

 7,000 

 23,364 

 30,364 

 (5,078 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1497 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 14,100 

 31,002 

 10,111 

 14,100 

 41,113 

 55,213 

 (8,786 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1498 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 7,100 

 25,800 

 8,101 

 7,100 

 33,901 

 41,001 

 (7,304 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 2017 

 Mountain View 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 17,860 

 — 

 17,860 

 17,860 

 — 

 — 

 * 

 1470 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 5,826 

 12,200 

 5,727 

 5,826 

 17,927 

 23,753 

 (4,536 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1471 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 5,978 

 14,200 

 4,253 

 5,978 

 18,453 

 24,431 

 (3,835 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1472 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 25,800 

 2,405 

 4,989 

 25,800 

 7,394 

 33,194 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1477 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 29,943 

 2,475 

 17,568 

 29,943 

 20,042 

 49,985 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1478 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 6,700 

 14,400 

 6,145 

 6,700 

 20,545 

 27,245 

 (5,495 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1499 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,400 

 5,500 

 1,285 

 3,407 

 6,777 

 10,184 

 (1,464 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1500 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 2,500 

 4,100 

 1,188 

 2,506 

 5,282 

 7,788 

 (1,069 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1501 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,600 

 4,600 

 819 

 3,607 

 5,412 

 9,019 

 (884 

 ) 

 2007 

 30 

 1502 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,100 

 5,100 

 804 

 3,107 

 5,650 

 8,757 

 (965 

 ) 

 2007 

 31 

 1503 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 4,800 

 17,300 

 3,183 

 4,818 

 20,466 

 25,284 

 (2,621 

 ) 

 2007 

 31 

 1504 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 5,400 

 15,500 

 856 

 5,418 

 16,338 

 21,756 

 (2,173 

 ) 

 2007 

 31 

 F-65 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 1505 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,000 

 3,500 

 955 

 3,006 

 4,449 

 7,455 

 (851 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1506 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 6,000 

 14,300 

 3,020 

 6,018 

 17,302 

 23,320 

 (2,605 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1507 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 1,900 

 12,800 

 6,811 

 1,912 

 19,599 

 21,511 

 (1,286 

 ) 

 2007 

 39 

 1508 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 2,700 

 11,300 

 6,498 

 2,712 

 17,787 

 20,499 

 (1,160 

 ) 

 2007 

 39 

 1509 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 2,700 

 10,900 

 4,695 

 2,712 

 15,583 

 18,295 

 (1,590 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1510 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 2,200 

 12,000 

 5,116 

 2,212 

 17,105 

 19,317 

 (2,308 

 ) 

 2007 

 38 

 1511 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 2,600 

 9,300 

 1,474 

 2,612 

 10,763 

 13,375 

 (1,711 

 ) 

 2007 

 26 

 1512 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,300 

 18,000 

 123 

 3,300 

 18,123 

 21,423 

 (2,448 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1513 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 3,300 

 17,900 

 123 

 3,300 

 18,023 

 21,323 

 (2,434 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 0679 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 7,872 

 34,617 

 17,163 

 7,872 

 51,781 

 59,653 

 (11,907 

 ) 

 2002 

 39 

 0837 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 4,630 

 2,029 

 8,645 

 4,630 

 10,673 

 15,303 

 (1,366 

 ) 

 2006 

 31 

 0838 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 2,040 

 902 

 4,942 

 2,040 

 5,844 

 7,884 

 (360 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0839 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 3,940 

 3,184 

 4,459 

 3,940 

 6,847 

 10,787 

 (2,679 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0840 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 5,690 

 4,579 

 673 

 5,690 

 5,252 

 10,942 

 (1,155 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1418 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 11,700 

 31,243 

 6,430 

 11,700 

 37,672 

 49,372 

 (5,503 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1420 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 6,524 

 — 

 3,497 

 6,524 

 3,497 

 10,021 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1421 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 7,000 

 33,779 

 — 

 7,000 

 33,779 

 40,779 

 (4,574 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1422 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 14,800 

 7,600 

 3,178 

 14,800 

 10,778 

 25,578 

 (1,625 

 ) 

 2007 

 30 

 1423 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 8,400 

 33,144 

 — 

 8,400 

 33,144 

 41,544 

 (4,488 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1514 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 5,200 

 — 

 — 

 5,200 

 — 

 5,200 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1558 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 7,740 

 22,654 

 1,088 

 7,778 

 23,703 

 31,481 

 (3,097 

 ) 

 2007 

 38 

 1948 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 25,230 

 5,879 

 25,305 

 325 

 5,879 

 25,631 

 31,510 

 (1,689 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1950 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 1,098 

 884 

 2,796 

 — 

 884 

 2,796 

 3,680 

 (186 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 1407 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 1,741 

 28,600 

 48,700 

 4,961 

 28,600 

 53,662 

 82,262 

 (8,876 

 ) 

 2007 

 35 

 1408 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 813 

 9,000 

 17,800 

 1,004 

 9,000 

 18,804 

 27,804 

 (2,410 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1409 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 1,737 

 18,000 

 38,043 

 421 

 18,000 

 38,464 

 56,464 

 (5,174 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1410 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 4,900 

 18,100 

 150 

 4,900 

 18,250 

 23,150 

 (2,454 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1411 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 8,000 

 27,700 

 86 

 8,000 

 27,786 

 35,786 

 (3,758 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1412 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 1,084 

 10,100 

 22,521 

 238 

 10,100 

 22,759 

 32,859 

 (3,054 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1413 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 8,000 

 28,299 

 252 

 8,000 

 28,550 

 36,550 

 (3,843 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1414 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 3,700 

 20,800 

 212 

 3,700 

 21,012 

 24,712 

 (2,820 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1430 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 1,118 

 10,700 

 23,621 

 212 

 10,700 

 23,832 

 34,532 

 (3,233 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1431 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 7,000 

 15,500 

 157 

 7,000 

 15,657 

 22,657 

 (2,106 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1435 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 13,800 

 42,500 

 32,764 

 13,800 

 75,264 

 89,064 

 (6,907 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1436 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 14,500 

 45,300 

 34,087 

 14,500 

 79,387 

 93,887 

 (7,229 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1437 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 9,400 

 24,800 

 16,980 

 9,400 

 41,781 

 51,181 

 (3,127 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1439 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 11,900 

 68,848 

 70 

 11,900 

 68,918 

 80,818 

 (9,325 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1440 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,000 

 57,954 

 — 

 10,000 

 57,954 

 67,954 

 (7,848 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1441 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 9,300 

 43,549 

 — 

 9,300 

 43,549 

 52,849 

 (5,897 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1442 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 11,000 

 47,289 

 81 

 11,000 

 47,370 

 58,370 

 (6,427 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1443 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 13,200 

 60,932 

 1,158 

 13,200 

 62,090 

 75,290 

 (7,737 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1444 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,500 

 33,776 

 337 

 10,500 

 34,112 

 44,612 

 (4,602 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1445 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,600 

 34,083 

 — 

 10,600 

 34,083 

 44,683 

 (4,615 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1448 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 14,100 

 71,344 

 52 

 14,100 

 71,396 

 85,496 

 (9,667 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1449 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 12,800 

 63,600 

 472 

 12,800 

 64,072 

 76,872 

 (8,723 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1450 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 11,200 

 79,222 

 20 

 11,200 

 79,242 

 90,442 

 (10,730 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1451 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 7,200 

 50,856 

 66 

 7,200 

 50,922 

 58,122 

 (6,894 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1452 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 14,400 

 101,362 

 (115 

 ) 

 14,400 

 101,247 

 115,647 

 (13,699 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1454 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 11,100 

 47,738 

 9,369 

 11,100 

 57,108 

 68,208 

 (8,748 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1455 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 9,700 

 41,937 

 5,835 

 10,261 

 47,211 

 57,472 

 (6,906 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1456 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 6,300 

 22,900 

 8,196 

 6,300 

 31,096 

 37,396 

 (4,858 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1458 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,900 

 20,900 

 4,094 

 10,909 

 24,788 

 35,697 

 (5,567 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1459 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 3,600 

 100 

 183 

 3,600 

 283 

 3,883 

 (94 

 ) 

 2007 

 5 

 1460 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 2,300 

 100 

 92 

 2,300 

 192 

 2,492 

 (100 

 ) 

 2007 

 5 

 1461 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 3,900 

 200 

 171 

 3,900 

 371 

 4,271 

 (200 

 ) 

 2007 

 5 

 1462 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 7,117 

 600 

 5,020 

 7,117 

 5,272 

 12,389 

 (674 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1463 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,381 

 2,300 

 16,370 

 10,381 

 18,670 

 29,051 

 (1,094 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1464 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 7,403 

 700 

 7,287 

 7,403 

 7,987 

 15,390 

 (522 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1468 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 10,100 

 24,013 

 2,796 

 10,100 

 26,809 

 36,909 

 (5,478 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1480 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 32,210 

 3,110 

 11,185 

 32,210 

 14,295 

 46,505 

 — 

 2007 

 ** 

 1559 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 5,666 

 5,773 

 188 

 5,695 

 5,863 

 11,558 

 (5,892 

 ) 

 2007 

 5 

 1560 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 1,204 

 1,293 

 15 

 1,210 

 1,287 

 2,497 

 (1,293 

 ) 

 2007 

 5 

 1982 

 South San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 64,900 

 — 

 9,586 

 64,900 

 9,586 

 74,486 

 — 

 2011 

 ** 

 1604 

 Cambridge 

 MA 

 — 

 8,389 

 10,630 

 16,944 

 8,389 

 27,574 

 35,963 

 (1 

 ) 

 2010 

 * 

 2011 

 Durham 

 NC 

 9,044 

 447 

 6,152 

 3,411 

 448 

 9,564 

 10,012 

 — 

 2011 

 * 

 2029 

 Durham 

 NC 

 — 

 1,920 

 5,661 

 2,180 

 1,920 

 7,841 

 9,761 

 (126 

 ) 

 2012 

 20 

 F-66 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 0461 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 500 

 8,548 

 — 

 500 

 8,548 

 9,048 

 (2,908 

 ) 

 2001 

 33 

 0462 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 890 

 15,623 

 — 

 890 

 15,624 

 16,514 

 (4,678 

 ) 

 2001 

 38 

 0463 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 190 

 9,875 

 — 

 190 

 9,875 

 10,065 

 (2,540 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 0464 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 630 

 6,921 

 62 

 630 

 6,984 

 7,614 

 (2,143 

 ) 

 2001 

 38 

 0465 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 125 

 6,368 

 67 

 125 

 6,435 

 6,560 

 (1,640 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 0466 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 14,614 

 7 

 — 

 14,621 

 14,621 

 (3,235 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 0507 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 280 

 4,345 

 226 

 280 

 4,571 

 4,851 

 (1,022 

 ) 

 2002 

 43 

 0537 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 6,517 

 — 

 — 

 6,517 

 6,517 

 (1,532 

 ) 

 2002 

 35 

 0799 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 14,600 

 90 

 — 

 14,690 

 14,690 

 (2,140 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1593 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 23,998 

 — 

 — 

 23,998 

 23,998 

 (1,757 

 ) 

 2010 

 33 

 $ 

 62,155 

 $ 

 935,828 

 $ 

 2,197,732 

 $ 

 457,086 

 $ 

 937,148 

 $ 

 2,650,293 

 $ 

 3,587,441 

 $ 

 (370,208 

 ) 

 Medical office 

 0638 

 Anchorage 

 AK 

 6,237 

 1,456 

 10,650 

 5,447 

 1,456 

 16,046 

 17,502 

 (1,726 

 ) 

 2000 

 * 

 0520 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 — 

 3,669 

 13,503 

 1,836 

 3,669 

 15,095 

 18,764 

 (3,287 

 ) 

 2002 

 40 

 2040 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 17,314 

 1 

 — 

 17,314 

 17,314 

 (176 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0468 

 Oro Valley 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,050 

 6,774 

 892 

 1,050 

 7,090 

 8,140 

 (1,691 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 0356 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 — 

 780 

 3,199 

 992 

 780 

 3,465 

 4,245 

 (1,338 

 ) 

 1999 

 32 

 0470 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 — 

 280 

 877 

 42 

 280 

 918 

 1,198 

 (236 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 1066 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 5,115 

 14,064 

 2,015 

 4,791 

 16,396 

 21,187 

 (3,037 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2021 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 12,312 

 5 

 — 

 12,317 

 12,317 

 (249 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2022 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 9,179 

 10 

 — 

 9,190 

 9,190 

 (210 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2023 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 6,398 

 14 

 — 

 6,412 

 6,412 

 (116 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2024 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 9,522 

 — 

 — 

 9,522 

 9,522 

 (165 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2025 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 4,102 

 36 

 — 

 4,138 

 4,138 

 (92 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2026 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 3,655 

 — 

 — 

 3,655 

 3,655 

 (63 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2027 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 7,168 

 — 

 — 

 7,168 

 7,168 

 (129 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 2028 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 — 

 6,659 

 — 

 — 

 6,659 

 6,659 

 (115 

 ) 

 2012 

 25 

 0453 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 215 

 6,318 

 940 

 291 

 6,982 

 7,273 

 (2,248 

 ) 

 2000 

 35 

 0556 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 215 

 3,940 

 605 

 215 

 4,214 

 4,429 

 (855 

 ) 

 2003 

 43 

 1041 

 Brentwood 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 30,864 

 1,450 

 25 

 32,092 

 32,117 

 (5,190 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1200 

 Encino 

 CA 

 — 

 6,151 

 10,438 

 2,304 

 6,453 

 12,385 

 18,838 

 (2,663 

 ) 

 2006 

 33 

 0436 

 Murietta 

 CA 

 — 

 400 

 9,266 

 1,649 

 520 

 10,234 

 10,754 

 (3,907 

 ) 

 1999 

 33 

 0239 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 2,700 

 10,839 

 2,070 

 2,783 

 11,690 

 14,473 

 (4,866 

 ) 

 1997 

 35 

 0318 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 — 

 2,860 

 21,850 

 8,784 

 2,860 

 29,864 

 32,724 

 (6,105 

 ) 

 1998 

 * 

 0234 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 2,848 

 5,879 

 1,289 

 3,009 

 5,356 

 8,365 

 (2,605 

 ) 

 1997 

 21 

 0235 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 2,863 

 8,913 

 2,874 

 3,068 

 9,949 

 13,017 

 (4,855 

 ) 

 1997 

 21 

 0236 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 4,619 

 19,370 

 3,521 

 4,711 

 17,660 

 22,371 

 (8,308 

 ) 

 1997 

 21 

 0421 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 2,910 

 17,362 

 9,055 

 2,910 

 26,417 

 29,327 

 (4,547 

 ) 

 1999 

 * 

 0564 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 2,764 

 1,935 

 1,728 

 1,569 

 1,935 

 3,178 

 5,113 

 (1,116 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 0565 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 6,436 

 1,460 

 7,672 

 495 

 1,460 

 8,161 

 9,621 

 (2,120 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 0659 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 — 

 1,718 

 3,124 

 385 

 1,718 

 3,432 

 5,150 

 (661 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 1209 

 Sherman Oaks 

 CA 

 — 

 7,472 

 10,075 

 2,425 

 7,741 

 12,221 

 19,962 

 (3,641 

 ) 

 2006 

 22 

 0439 

 Valencia 

 CA 

 — 

 2,300 

 6,967 

 1,174 

 2,309 

 7,036 

 9,345 

 (2,805 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 1211 

 Valencia 

 CA 

 — 

 1,344 

 7,507 

 503 

 1,383 

 7,972 

 9,355 

 (1,370 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0440 

 West Hills 

 CA 

 — 

 2,100 

 11,595 

 1,799 

 2,156 

 10,603 

 12,759 

 (4,067 

 ) 

 1999 

 32 

 0728 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 8,764 

 899 

 — 

 9,663 

 9,663 

 (2,896 

 ) 

 2005 

 39 

 1196 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 — 

 210 

 12,362 

 1,118 

 210 

 13,445 

 13,655 

 (2,346 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1197 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 — 

 200 

 8,414 

 845 

 200 

 9,259 

 9,459 

 (1,904 

 ) 

 2006 

 33 

 0882 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 12,933 

 4,903 

 — 

 17,837 

 17,837 

 (3,995 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 0814 

 Conifer 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 1,485 

 35 

 13 

 1,508 

 1,521 

 (276 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1199 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 493 

 7,897 

 539 

 558 

 8,372 

 8,930 

 (1,613 

 ) 

 2006 

 33 

 0808 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 8,616 

 3,701 

 — 

 12,192 

 12,192 

 (2,489 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0809 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 8,449 

 2,131 

 — 

 10,294 

 10,294 

 (2,427 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0810 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 8,040 

 4,337 

 — 

 12,378 

 12,378 

 (2,895 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0811 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 8,472 

 1,800 

 — 

 10,229 

 10,229 

 (2,388 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0812 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 4,562 

 1,348 

 79 

 5,728 

 5,807 

 (1,363 

 ) 

 2005 

 35 

 0813 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 4,926 

 1,202 

 5 

 6,078 

 6,083 

 (1,309 

 ) 

 2005 

 38 

 0570 

 Lone Tree 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 18,659 

 — 

 18,531 

 18,531 

 (4,152 

 ) 

 2003 

 39 

 0666 

 Lone Tree 

 CO 

 14,103 

 — 

 23,274 

 823 

 — 

 24,086 

 24,086 

 (4,248 

 ) 

 2000 

 37 

 1076 

 Parker 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 13,388 

 106 

 8 

 13,477 

 13,485 

 (2,308 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0510 

 Thornton 

 CO 

 — 

 236 

 10,206 

 1,800 

 244 

 11,974 

 12,218 

 (2,980 

 ) 

 2002 

 43 

 0433 

 Atlantis 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 5,651 

 495 

 33 

 5,796 

 5,829 

 (2,408 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0434 

 Atlantis 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 2,027 

 177 

 5 

 2,199 

 2,204 

 (851 

 ) 

 1999 

 34 

 0435 

 Atlantis 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 2,000 

 427 

 — 

 2,328 

 2,328 

 (922 

 ) 

 1999 

 32 

 0602 

 Atlantis 

 FL 

 — 

 455 

 2,231 

 336 

 455 

 2,377 

 2,832 

 (486 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 F-67 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 0604 

 Englewood 

 FL 

 — 

 170 

 1,134 

 240 

 198 

 1,330 

 1,528 

 (312 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0609 

 Kissimmee 

 FL 

 — 

 788 

 174 

 211 

 815 

 335 

 1,150 

 (108 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0610 

 Kissimmee 

 FL 

 — 

 481 

 347 

 304 

 486 

 646 

 1,132 

 (150 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0671 

 Kissimmee 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 7,574 

 1,595 

 — 

 8,601 

 8,601 

 (1,690 

 ) 

 2000 

 36 

 0603 

 Lake Worth 

 FL 

 — 

 1,507 

 2,894 

 1,807 

 1,507 

 4,570 

 6,077 

 (681 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0612 

 Margate 

 FL 

 — 

 1,553 

 6,898 

 560 

 1,553 

 7,441 

 8,994 

 (1,376 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0613 

 Miami 

 FL 

 8,538 

 4,392 

 11,841 

 2,464 

 4,392 

 14,137 

 18,529 

 (3,074 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 1067 

 Milton 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 8,566 

 217 

 — 

 8,775 

 8,775 

 (1,392 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0563 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 — 

 2,144 

 5,136 

 3,142 

 2,288 

 8,018 

 10,306 

 (2,603 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 0833 

 Pace 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 10,309 

 2,548 

 — 

 12,534 

 12,534 

 (3,127 

 ) 

 2006 

 44 

 0834 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 11,166 

 478 

 — 

 11,644 

 11,644 

 (1,836 

 ) 

 2006 

 45 

 0614 

 Plantation 

 FL 

 787 

 969 

 3,241 

 824 

 1,011 

 4,014 

 5,025 

 (988 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0673 

 Plantation 

 FL 

 4,943 

 1,091 

 7,176 

 472 

 1,091 

 7,524 

 8,615 

 (1,407 

 ) 

 2002 

 36 

 0701 

 St. Petersburg 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 10,141 

 3,654 

 — 

 13,651 

 13,651 

 (2,769 

 ) 

 2004 

 38 

 1210 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 — 

 1,967 

 6,602 

 3,612 

 2,067 

 9,894 

 11,961 

 (2,874 

 ) 

 2006 

 25 

 1058 

 McCaysville 

 GA 

 — 

 — 

 3,231 

 18 

 — 

 3,249 

 3,249 

 (513 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1065 

 Marion 

 IL 

 — 

 99 

 11,484 

 98 

 100 

 11,581 

 11,681 

 (1,931 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1057 

 Newburgh 

 IN 

 — 

 — 

 14,019 

 1,234 

 — 

 15,247 

 15,247 

 (2,342 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2039 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 1,895 

 440 

 2,173 

 2 

 440 

 2,173 

 2,613 

 (28 

 ) 

 2012 

 35 

 2043 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 — 

 — 

 7,668 

 3 

 — 

 7,668 

 7,668 

 (91 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 0483 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 — 

 530 

 3,341 

 374 

 530 

 3,716 

 4,246 

 (951 

 ) 

 2001 

 45 

 1064 

 Lexington 

 KY 

 — 

 — 

 12,726 

 859 

 — 

 13,583 

 13,583 

 (2,476 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0735 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 936 

 8,426 

 2,758 

 936 

 11,077 

 12,013 

 (7,101 

 ) 

 2005 

 11 

 0737 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 835 

 27,627 

 2,386 

 835 

 29,610 

 30,445 

 (6,638 

 ) 

 2005 

 37 

 0738 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 4,959 

 780 

 8,582 

 3,309 

 808 

 11,782 

 12,590 

 (4,955 

 ) 

 2005 

 18 

 0739 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 8,015 

 826 

 13,814 

 1,531 

 826 

 14,855 

 15,681 

 (3,452 

 ) 

 2005 

 38 

 0740 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 8,679 

 2,983 

 13,171 

 3,237 

 2,983 

 16,235 

 19,218 

 (4,266 

 ) 

 2005 

 30 

 1944 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 788 

 2,414 

 — 

 788 

 2,414 

 3,202 

 (193 

 ) 

 2010 

 25 

 1945 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 24,937 

 3,255 

 28,644 

 — 

 3,255 

 28,644 

 31,899 

 (1,910 

 ) 

 2010 

 30 

 1946 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 430 

 6,125 

 — 

 430 

 6,125 

 6,555 

 (408 

 ) 

 2010 

 30 

 1324 

 Haverhill 

 MA 

 — 

 800 

 8,537 

 1,388 

 828 

 9,896 

 10,724 

 (1,851 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1213 

 Ellicott City 

 MD 

 — 

 1,115 

 3,206 

 1,439 

 1,115 

 4,645 

 5,760 

 (1,003 

 ) 

 2006 

 34 

 0361 

 GlenBurnie 

 MD 

 — 

 670 

 5,085 

 — 

 670 

 5,085 

 5,755 

 (1,985 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 1052 

 Towson 

 MD 

 — 

 — 

 14,233 

 3,588 

 — 

 15,777 

 15,777 

 (3,467 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0240 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 — 

 117 

 13,213 

 1,394 

 117 

 14,458 

 14,575 

 (6,071 

 ) 

 1997 

 32 

 0300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 1,370 

 160 

 10,131 

 2,461 

 160 

 12,195 

 12,355 

 (4,896 

 ) 

 1997 

 35 

 2032 

 Independence 

 MO 

 33,387 

 — 

 48,025 

 4 

 — 

 48,025 

 48,025 

 (194 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 1078 

 Flowood 

 MS 

 — 

 — 

 8,413 

 689 

 — 

 9,075 

 9,075 

 (1,553 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1059 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 — 

 — 

 8,869 

 37 

 — 

 8,905 

 8,905 

 (1,391 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1060 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 6,005 

 — 

 7,187 

 2,160 

 — 

 9,347 

 9,347 

 (1,696 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1068 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 13,661 

 — 

 16,243 

 400 

 17 

 16,615 

 16,632 

 (2,714 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0729 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 — 

 5,380 

 182 

 — 

 5,563 

 5,563 

 (1,109 

 ) 

 2005 

 39 

 0348 

 Elko 

 NV 

 — 

 55 

 2,637 

 12 

 55 

 2,649 

 2,704 

 (1,050 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0571 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 18,002 

 — 

 17,459 

 17,459 

 (4,115 

 ) 

 2003 

 40 

 0660 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 3,487 

 1,121 

 4,363 

 3,244 

 1,253 

 7,423 

 8,676 

 (2,396 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0661 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 3,635 

 2,125 

 4,829 

 3,284 

 2,225 

 7,798 

 10,023 

 (1,767 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0662 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 6,953 

 3,480 

 12,305 

 3,055 

 3,480 

 15,099 

 18,579 

 (3,689 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0663 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 1,004 

 1,717 

 3,597 

 1,985 

 1,717 

 5,562 

 7,279 

 (1,716 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0664 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 2,046 

 1,172 

 1,550 

 316 

 1,172 

 1,651 

 2,823 

 (1,649 

 ) 

 2000 

 * 

 0691 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 3,244 

 18,339 

 1,574 

 3,273 

 19,764 

 23,037 

 (6,395 

 ) 

 2004 

 30 

 2037 

 Mesquite 

 NV 

 3,280 

 — 

 5,559 

 5 

 — 

 5,559 

 5,559 

 (64 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 1285 

 Cleveland 

 OH 

 — 

 823 

 2,726 

 660 

 853 

 2,671 

 3,524 

 (546 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0400 

 Harrison 

 OH 

 — 

 — 

 4,561 

 300 

 — 

 4,861 

 4,861 

 (1,776 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 1054 

 Durant 

 OK 

 — 

 619 

 9,256 

 1,152 

 651 

 10,368 

 11,019 

 (1,609 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0817 

 Owasso 

 OK 

 — 

 — 

 6,582 

 594 

 — 

 7,176 

 7,176 

 (2,168 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 0404 

 Roseburg 

 OR 

 — 

 — 

 5,707 

 — 

 — 

 5,707 

 5,707 

 (2,074 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0252 

 Clarksville 

 TN 

 — 

 765 

 4,184 

 — 

 765 

 4,184 

 4,949 

 (1,762 

 ) 

 1998 

 35 

 0624 

 Hendersonville 

 TN 

 — 

 256 

 1,530 

 661 

 256 

 2,070 

 2,326 

 (588 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0559 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 — 

 830 

 5,036 

 5,011 

 830 

 9,826 

 10,656 

 (2,613 

 ) 

 2003 

 35 

 0561 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 — 

 596 

 9,698 

 2,284 

 596 

 11,548 

 12,144 

 (3,123 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 0562 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 — 

 317 

 6,528 

 1,749 

 317 

 8,021 

 8,338 

 (2,218 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 0154 

 Knoxville 

 TN 

 — 

 700 

 4,559 

 3,462 

 700 

 8,022 

 8,722 

 (2,162 

 ) 

 1994 

 19 

 0409 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 — 

 900 

 12,706 

 — 

 900 

 12,706 

 13,606 

 (5,767 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0625 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 9,089 

 955 

 14,289 

 1,475 

 955 

 15,518 

 16,473 

 (3,335 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0626 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 3,742 

 2,050 

 5,211 

 2,239 

 2,055 

 7,383 

 9,438 

 (1,543 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0627 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 530 

 1,007 

 181 

 554 

 1,007 

 715 

 1,722 

 (163 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 F-68 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 0628 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 5,298 

 2,980 

 7,164 

 1,331 

 2,980 

 8,440 

 11,420 

 (1,674 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0630 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 535 

 515 

 848 

 233 

 528 

 1,067 

 1,595 

 (219 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0631 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 — 

 266 

 1,305 

 789 

 266 

 1,991 

 2,257 

 (430 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0632 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 — 

 827 

 7,642 

 2,429 

 827 

 9,976 

 10,803 

 (2,213 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0633 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 9,567 

 5,425 

 12,577 

 3,185 

 5,425 

 15,729 

 21,154 

 (3,390 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0634 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 8,747 

 3,818 

 15,185 

 2,854 

 3,818 

 17,692 

 21,510 

 (4,081 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0636 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 436 

 583 

 450 

 — 

 583 

 450 

 1,033 

 (82 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0573 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 8,532 

 769 

 12,355 

 1,871 

 769 

 14,160 

 14,929 

 (2,954 

 ) 

 2003 

 34 

 0576 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 2,787 

 324 

 4,842 

 1,588 

 324 

 6,326 

 6,650 

 (1,787 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0577 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 5,125 

 397 

 7,966 

 1,247 

 397 

 8,884 

 9,281 

 (1,789 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0578 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 5,355 

 388 

 7,975 

 1,474 

 388 

 9,328 

 9,716 

 (1,377 

 ) 

 2000 

 * 

 0579 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 1,751 

 188 

 3,618 

 660 

 188 

 4,261 

 4,449 

 (779 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0581 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 717 

 8,181 

 2,041 

 717 

 10,178 

 10,895 

 (2,758 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0600 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 328 

 3,210 

 2,019 

 328 

 5,029 

 5,357 

 (1,277 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0601 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 313 

 1,771 

 624 

 313 

 2,382 

 2,695 

 (651 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0582 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 5,268 

 1,664 

 6,785 

 2,056 

 1,693 

 8,692 

 10,385 

 (2,024 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 1314 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 — 

 15,230 

 162,971 

 5,238 

 15,239 

 167,873 

 183,112 

 (29,471 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 0583 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 2,906 

 898 

 4,866 

 1,231 

 898 

 6,041 

 6,939 

 (1,415 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0805 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 2,481 

 726 

 2 

 3,158 

 3,160 

 (963 

 ) 

 2005 

 25 

 0806 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 6,070 

 35 

 5 

 6,024 

 6,029 

 (1,123 

 ) 

 2005 

 40 

 1061 

 Granbury 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 6,863 

 80 

 — 

 6,943 

 6,943 

 (1,115 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0430 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,927 

 33,140 

 1,979 

 2,063 

 34,830 

 36,893 

 (13,129 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0446 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 2,200 

 19,585 

 5,566 

 2,209 

 22,623 

 24,832 

 (12,966 

 ) 

 1999 

 17 

 0586 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,033 

 3,165 

 840 

 1,033 

 3,881 

 4,914 

 (930 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0589 

 Houston 

 TX 

 9,688 

 1,676 

 12,602 

 2,743 

 1,706 

 15,124 

 16,830 

 (3,510 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0670 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 257 

 2,884 

 1,028 

 297 

 3,847 

 4,144 

 (807 

 ) 

 2000 

 35 

 0702 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 7,414 

 1,115 

 7 

 8,501 

 8,508 

 (1,891 

 ) 

 2004 

 36 

 1044 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 4,838 

 3,186 

 — 

 7,940 

 7,940 

 (1,802 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0590 

 Irving 

 TX 

 5,510 

 828 

 6,160 

 1,563 

 828 

 7,665 

 8,493 

 (1,544 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0700 

 Irving 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 8,550 

 2,905 

 — 

 11,452 

 11,452 

 (2,601 

 ) 

 2004 

 34 

 1202 

 Irving 

 TX 

 — 

 1,604 

 16,107 

 589 

 1,604 

 16,696 

 18,300 

 (2,699 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1207 

 Irving 

 TX 

 — 

 1,955 

 12,793 

 859 

 1,986 

 13,621 

 15,607 

 (2,051 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1062 

 Lancaster 

 TX 

 — 

 162 

 3,830 

 301 

 162 

 4,097 

 4,259 

 (760 

 ) 

 2006 

 39 

 0591 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 5,147 

 561 

 8,043 

 703 

 561 

 8,720 

 9,281 

 (1,620 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0144 

 Longview 

 TX 

 — 

 102 

 7,998 

 386 

 102 

 8,384 

 8,486 

 (3,488 

 ) 

 1992 

 45 

 0143 

 Lufkin 

 TX 

 — 

 338 

 2,383 

 40 

 338 

 2,423 

 2,761 

 (988 

 ) 

 1992 

 45 

 0568 

 McKinney 

 TX 

 — 

 541 

 6,217 

 629 

 541 

 6,433 

 6,974 

 (1,690 

 ) 

 2003 

 36 

 0569 

 McKinney 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 636 

 7,604 

 — 

 7,603 

 7,603 

 (1,695 

 ) 

 2003 

 40 

 0596 

 Nassau Bay 

 TX 

 5,383 

 812 

 8,883 

 1,614 

 812 

 10,350 

 11,162 

 (1,825 

 ) 

 2000 

 37 

 1079 

 North Richland Hills 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 8,942 

 390 

 — 

 9,199 

 9,199 

 (1,528 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2048 

 North Richland Hills 

 TX 

 — 

 1,385 

 10,213 

 — 

 1,385 

 10,213 

 11,598 

 (142 

 ) 

 2012 

 30 

 0142 

 Pampa 

 TX 

 — 

 84 

 3,242 

 569 

 84 

 3,811 

 3,895 

 (1,629 

 ) 

 1992 

 45 

 1048 

 Pearland 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 4,014 

 4,002 

 — 

 7,953 

 7,953 

 (1,685 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0447 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 1,700 

 7,810 

 4,598 

 1,704 

 11,946 

 13,650 

 (3,467 

 ) 

 1999 

 * 

 0597 

 Plano 

 TX 

 7,569 

 1,210 

 9,588 

 1,760 

 1,210 

 11,255 

 12,465 

 (2,491 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 0672 

 Plano 

 TX 

 9,607 

 1,389 

 12,768 

 1,167 

 1,389 

 13,575 

 14,964 

 (2,752 

 ) 

 2002 

 36 

 1284 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 2,049 

 18,793 

 1,082 

 2,087 

 19,050 

 21,137 

 (5,122 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 1286 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 3,300 

 — 

 — 

 3,300 

 — 

 3,300 

 — 

 2006 

 ** 

 0815 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 9,193 

 773 

 12 

 9,924 

 9,936 

 (2,282 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 0816 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 4,473 

 — 

 8,699 

 1,035 

 — 

 9,696 

 9,696 

 (2,140 

 ) 

 2006 

 35 

 1591 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 7,309 

 288 

 12 

 7,585 

 7,597 

 (635 

 ) 

 2010 

 30 

 1977 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 26,191 

 610 

 — 

 26,799 

 26,799 

 (1,797 

 ) 

 2011 

 30 

 0598 

 Sugarland 

 TX 

 3,815 

 1,078 

 5,158 

 1,456 

 1,084 

 6,472 

 7,556 

 (1,395 

 ) 

 2000 

 34 

 1081 

 Texarkana 

 TX 

 — 

 1,117 

 7,423 

 566 

 1,177 

 7,929 

 9,106 

 (1,291 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0599 

 Texas City 

 TX 

 6,237 

 — 

 9,519 

 157 

 — 

 9,676 

 9,676 

 (1,666 

 ) 

 2000 

 37 

 0152 

 Victoria 

 TX 

 — 

 125 

 8,977 

 — 

 125 

 8,977 

 9,102 

 (3,605 

 ) 

 1994 

 45 

 1592 

 Bountiful 

 UT 

 5,154 

 999 

 7,426 

 55 

 999 

 7,481 

 8,480 

 (607 

 ) 

 2010 

 30 

 0169 

 Bountiful 

 UT 

 — 

 276 

 5,237 

 561 

 330 

 5,743 

 6,073 

 (2,161 

 ) 

 1995 

 45 

 0346 

 Castle Dale 

 UT 

 — 

 50 

 1,818 

 63 

 50 

 1,881 

 1,931 

 (757 

 ) 

 1998 

 35 

 0347 

 Centerville 

 UT 

 — 

 300 

 1,288 

 191 

 300 

 1,479 

 1,779 

 (623 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 2035 

 Draper 

 UT 

 5,810 

 — 

 10,803 

 79 

 — 

 10,876 

 10,876 

 (110 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0350 

 Grantsville 

 UT 

 — 

 50 

 429 

 39 

 50 

 468 

 518 

 (209 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0469 

 Kaysville 

 UT 

 — 

 530 

 4,493 

 146 

 530 

 4,639 

 5,169 

 (1,160 

 ) 

 2001 

 43 

 0456 

 Layton 

 UT 

 — 

 371 

 7,073 

 377 

 389 

 7,359 

 7,748 

 (2,517 

 ) 

 2001 

 35 

 2042 

 Layton 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 10,275 

 7 

 — 

 10,275 

 10,275 

 (107 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 0359 

 Ogden 

 UT 

 — 

 180 

 1,695 

 121 

 180 

 1,764 

 1,944 

 (715 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 F-69 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 1283 

 Ogden 

 UT 

 — 

 106 

 4,464 

 524 

 106 

 4,528 

 4,634 

 (719 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0357 

 Orem 

 UT 

 — 

 337 

 8,744 

 1,184 

 306 

 9,191 

 9,497 

 (4,044 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0371 

 Providence 

 UT 

 — 

 240 

 3,876 

 202 

 256 

 3,802 

 4,058 

 (1,474 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0353 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 190 

 779 

 61 

 201 

 830 

 1,031 

 (342 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0354 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 220 

 10,732 

 1,342 

 220 

 11,872 

 12,092 

 (4,563 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0355 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 180 

 14,792 

 1,215 

 180 

 15,901 

 16,081 

 (6,251 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0467 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 3,000 

 7,541 

 649 

 3,109 

 8,036 

 11,145 

 (2,410 

 ) 

 2001 

 38 

 0566 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 509 

 4,044 

 834 

 509 

 4,710 

 5,219 

 (1,264 

 ) 

 2003 

 37 

 2041 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 12,326 

 9 

 — 

 12,326 

 12,326 

 (125 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2033 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 3,170 

 867 

 3,513 

 8 

 867 

 3,513 

 4,380 

 (79 

 ) 

 2012 

 20 

 0358 

 Springville 

 UT 

 — 

 85 

 1,493 

 188 

 85 

 1,682 

 1,767 

 (673 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0482 

 Stansbury 

 UT 

 — 

 450 

 3,201 

 346 

 450 

 3,484 

 3,934 

 (904 

 ) 

 2001 

 45 

 0351 

 Washington Terrace 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 4,573 

 1,946 

 — 

 6,167 

 6,167 

 (2,178 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0352 

 Washington Terrace 

 UT 

 — 

 — 

 2,692 

 439 

 — 

 2,801 

 2,801 

 (1,077 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 2034 

 West Jordan 

 UT 

 7,958 

 — 

 12,021 

 10 

 — 

 12,021 

 12,021 

 (121 

 ) 

 2012 

 45 

 2036 

 West Jordan 

 UT 

 1,509 

 — 

 1,383 

 11 

 — 

 1,383 

 1,383 

 (13 

 ) 

 2012 

 20 

 0495 

 West Valley City 

 UT 

 — 

 410 

 8,266 

 1,002 

 410 

 9,268 

 9,678 

 (2,922 

 ) 

 2002 

 35 

 0349 

 West Valley City 

 UT 

 — 

 1,070 

 17,463 

 76 

 1,036 

 17,566 

 18,602 

 (6,955 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 1208 

 Fairfax 

 VA 

 — 

 8,396 

 16,710 

 2,848 

 8,408 

 19,545 

 27,953 

 (4,437 

 ) 

 2006 

 28 

 0572 

 Reston 

 VA 

 — 

 — 

 11,902 

 44 

 — 

 11,875 

 11,875 

 (2,832 

 ) 

 2003 

 43 

 0448 

 Renton 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 18,724 

 1,523 

 — 

 19,580 

 19,580 

 (7,276 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0781 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 52,703 

 3,206 

 — 

 53,162 

 53,162 

 (11,795 

 ) 

 2004 

 39 

 0782 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 24,382 

 3,634 

 21 

 27,188 

 27,209 

 (6,521 

 ) 

 2004 

 36 

 0783 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 5,625 

 969 

 — 

 6,547 

 6,547 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 2004 

 10 

 0785 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 7,293 

 1,341 

 — 

 7,875 

 7,875 

 (2,125 

 ) 

 2004 

 33 

 1385 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 38,925 

 848 

 — 

 39,763 

 39,763 

 (7,329 

 ) 

 2007 

 30 

 2038 

 Evanston 

 WY 

 2,213 

 — 

 4,601 

 12 

 — 

 4,601 

 4,601 

 (52 

 ) 

 2012 

 40 

 0884 

 Coyoacan 

 DF 

 — 

 415 

 3,739 

 255 

 338 

 4,066 

 4,404 

 (736 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 $ 

 320,032 

 $ 

 192,906 

 $ 

 1,989,115 

 $ 

 313,338 

 $ 

 195,525 

 $ 

 2,255,103 

 $ 

 2,450,628 

 $ 

 (506,859 

 ) 

 Post—acute/skilled nursing 

 0012 

 Livermore 

 CA 

 — 

 610 

 1,711 

 1,125 

 610 

 2,835 

 3,445 

 (2,788 

 ) 

 1985 

 25 

 0315 

 Perris 

 CA 

 — 

 336 

 3,021 

 — 

 336 

 3,021 

 3,357 

 (1,552 

 ) 

 1998 

 25 

 0002 

 Fort Collins 

 CO 

 — 

 499 

 1,913 

 1,454 

 499 

 3,114 

 3,613 

 (3,114 

 ) 

 1985 

 25 

 0018 

 Morrison 

 CO 

 — 

 1,429 

 5,464 

 4,019 

 1,429 

 8,757 

 10,186 

 (8,565 

 ) 

 1985 

 24 

 0280 

 Statesboro 

 GA 

 — 

 168 

 1,508 

 — 

 168 

 1,509 

 1,677 

 (798 

 ) 

 1992 

 25 

 0297 

 Rexburg 

 ID 

 — 

 200 

 5,310 

 — 

 200 

 5,060 

 5,260 

 (2,097 

 ) 

 1998 

 35 

 0378 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 — 

 500 

 4,724 

 1,734 

 500 

 6,057 

 6,557 

 (2,033 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0384 

 Angola 

 IN 

 — 

 130 

 2,900 

 2,798 

 130 

 5,698 

 5,828 

 (1,100 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0385 

 Fort Wayne 

 IN 

 — 

 200 

 4,150 

 2,667 

 200 

 6,817 

 7,017 

 (1,928 

 ) 

 1999 

 38 

 0386 

 Fort Wayne 

 IN 

 — 

 140 

 3,760 

 — 

 140 

 3,760 

 3,900 

 (1,414 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0387 

 Huntington 

 IN 

 — 

 30 

 2,970 

 338 

 30 

 3,308 

 3,338 

 (1,159 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0373 

 Kokomo 

 IN 

 — 

 250 

 4,622 

 1,294 

 250 

 5,653 

 5,903 

 (1,462 

 ) 

 1999 

 45 

 0454 

 New Albany 

 IN 

 — 

 230 

 6,595 

 — 

 230 

 6,595 

 6,825 

 (2,214 

 ) 

 2001 

 35 

 0484 

 Tell City 

 IN 

 — 

 95 

 6,208 

 1,299 

 95 

 7,509 

 7,604 

 (1,802 

 ) 

 2001 

 45 

 0688 

 Cynthiana 

 KY 

 — 

 192 

 4,875 

 — 

 192 

 4,875 

 5,067 

 (961 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0071 

 Mayfield 

 KY 

 — 

 218 

 2,797 

 — 

 218 

 2,792 

 3,010 

 (1,835 

 ) 

 1986 

 40 

 0298 

 Franklin 

 LA 

 — 

 405 

 3,424 

 — 

 405 

 3,424 

 3,829 

 (1,780 

 ) 

 1998 

 25 

 0299 

 Morgan City 

 LA 

 — 

 203 

 2,050 

 — 

 203 

 2,050 

 2,253 

 (1,065 

 ) 

 1998 

 25 

 0017 

 Westborough 

 MA 

 — 

 858 

 2,975 

 2,894 

 858 

 5,866 

 6,724 

 (4,578 

 ) 

 1985 

 30 

 0388 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 1,300 

 3,950 

 1,487 

 1,300 

 5,437 

 6,737 

 (1,486 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0389 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 1,300 

 5,800 

 — 

 1,300 

 5,800 

 7,100 

 (2,182 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0390 

 Fairborn 

 OH 

 — 

 250 

 4,850 

 — 

 250 

 4,850 

 5,100 

 (1,825 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0391 

 Georgetown 

 OH 

 — 

 130 

 4,970 

 — 

 130 

 4,970 

 5,100 

 (1,870 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0063 

 Marion 

 OH 

 — 

 218 

 2,971 

 — 

 218 

 2,966 

 3,184 

 (2,521 

 ) 

 1986 

 30 

 0038 

 Newark 

 OH 

 — 

 400 

 8,588 

 — 

 400 

 8,577 

 8,977 

 (6,254 

 ) 

 1986 

 35 

 0392 

 Port Clinton 

 OH 

 — 

 370 

 3,630 

 — 

 370 

 3,630 

 4,000 

 (1,366 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0393 

 Springfield 

 OH 

 — 

 250 

 3,950 

 2,113 

 250 

 6,063 

 6,313 

 (1,697 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0394 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 — 

 120 

 5,130 

 — 

 120 

 5,130 

 5,250 

 (1,930 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0395 

 Versailles 

 OH 

 — 

 120 

 4,980 

 — 

 120 

 4,980 

 5,100 

 (1,873 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0695 

 Carthage 

 TN 

 — 

 129 

 2,406 

 — 

 129 

 2,225 

 2,354 

 (535 

 ) 

 2004 

 35 

 0054 

 Loudon 

 TN 

 — 

 26 

 3,879 

 — 

 26 

 3,873 

 3,899 

 (2,872 

 ) 

 1986 

 35 

 0047 

 Maryville 

 TN 

 — 

 160 

 1,472 

 — 

 160 

 1,468 

 1,628 

 (862 

 ) 

 1986 

 45 

 0048 

 Maryville 

 TN 

 — 

 307 

 4,376 

 — 

 307 

 4,369 

 4,676 

 (2,489 

 ) 

 1986 

 45 

 0285 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 243 

 2,036 

 269 

 243 

 2,305 

 2,548 

 (1,212 

 ) 

 1998 

 25 

 0296 

 Ogden 

 UT 

 — 

 250 

 4,685 

 — 

 250 

 4,435 

 4,685 

 (1,817 

 ) 

 1998 

 35 

 F-70 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried

As of December 31, 2012 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Life on Which

Depreciation in

Latest Income

Statement is

Computed 

 Costs

Capitalized

Subsequent to

Acquisition 

 City

 State 

 Encumbrances at

December 31, 2012 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation 

 Year

Acquired/

Constructed 

 0681 

 Fishersville 

 VA 

 — 

 751 

 7,734 

 — 

 751 

 7,220 

 7,971 

 (1,570 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0682 

 Floyd 

 VA 

 — 

 309 

 2,263 

 — 

 309 

 1,893 

 2,202 

 (654 

 ) 

 2004 

 25 

 0689 

 Independence 

 VA 

 — 

 206 

 8,366 

 — 

 206 

 7,810 

 8,016 

 (1,676 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0683 

 Newport News 

 VA 

 — 

 535 

 6,192 

 — 

 535 

 5,719 

 6,254 

 (1,243 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0684 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 — 

 586 

 7,159 

 — 

 586 

 6,696 

 7,282 

 (1,454 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0685 

 Staunton 

 VA 

 — 

 422 

 8,681 

 — 

 422 

 8,136 

 8,558 

 (1,766 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0686 

 Williamsburg 

 VA 

 — 

 699 

 4,886 

 — 

 699 

 4,464 

 5,163 

 (971 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0690 

 Windsor 

 VA 

 — 

 319 

 7,543 

 — 

 319 

 7,018 

 7,337 

 (1,506 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 0687 

 Woodstock 

 VA 

 — 

 603 

 5,395 

 9 

 605 

 4,987 

 5,592 

 (1,086 

 ) 

 2004 

 40 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 16,696 

 $ 

 196,869 

 $ 

 23,500 

 $ 

 16,698 

 $ 

 213,721 

 $ 

 230,419 

 $ 

 (86,962 

 ) 

 Hospital 

 0126 

 Sherwood 

 AR 

 — 

 709 

 9,604 

 — 

 709 

 9,587 

 10,296 

 (4,693 

 ) 

 1990 

 45 

 0113 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,565 

 7,050 

 — 

 1,565 

 7,050 

 8,615 

 (3,543 

 ) 

 1988 

 45 

 1038 

 Fresno 

 CA 

 — 

 3,652 

 29,113 

 16,699 

 3,652 

 45,813 

 49,465 

 (10,320 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 0423 

 Irvine 

 CA 

 — 

 18,000 

 70,800 

 — 

 18,000 

 70,800 

 88,800 

 (26,641 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0127 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 690 

 8,338 

 — 

 690 

 8,338 

 9,028 

 (4,058 

 ) 

 1989 

 45 

 0425 

 Palm Beach Garden 

 FL 

 — 

 4,200 

 58,250 

 — 

 4,200 

 58,250 

 62,450 

 (21,915 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0887 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 — 

 4,300 

 13,690 

 — 

 4,300 

 11,890 

 16,190 

 (3,468 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 0426 

 Roswell 

 GA 

 — 

 6,900 

 55,300 

 — 

 6,900 

 54,859 

 61,759 

 (20,687 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0112 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 — 

 2,316 

 10,681 

 — 

 2,316 

 10,680 

 12,996 

 (5,558 

 ) 

 1989 

 45 

 1383 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 — 

 690 

 8,545 

 86 

 690 

 8,502 

 9,192 

 (1,557 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 0877 

 Slidell 

 LA 

 — 

 1,490 

 22,034 

 — 

 1,490 

 20,934 

 22,424 

 (3,227 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 2031 

 Slidell 

 LA 

 — 

 3,000 

 — 

 643 

 3,000 

 643 

 3,643 

 — 

 2012 

 ** 

 0429 

 Hickory 

 NC 

 — 

 2,600 

 69,900 

 — 

 2,600 

 69,900 

 72,500 

 (26,296 

 ) 

 1999 

 35 

 0886 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 — 

 1,820 

 8,508 

 26 

 1,820 

 7,454 

 9,274 

 (1,087 

 ) 

 2007 

 40 

 1319 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 — 

 18,840 

 138,235 

 1,097 

 18,840 

 139,332 

 158,172 

 (22,658 

 ) 

 2007 

 35 

 1384 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 6,290 

 22,686 

 3,920 

 6,290 

 26,606 

 32,896 

 (4,346 

 ) 

 2007 

 25 

 0084 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 1,990 

 11,184 

 — 

 1,990 

 11,174 

 13,164 

 (6,104 

 ) 

 1987 

 45 

 0885 

 Greenfield 

 WI 

 — 

 620 

 9,542 

 — 

 620 

 8,722 

 9,342 

 (1,270 

 ) 

 2006 

 40 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 79,672 

 $ 

 553,460 

 $ 

 22,471 

 $ 

 79,672 

 $ 

 570,534 

 $ 

 650,206 

 $ 

 (167,428 

 ) 

 Total continuing operations properties 

 $ 

 1,676,544 

 $ 

 1,844,818 

 $ 

 10,011,830 

 $ 

 904,045 

 $ 

 1,850,397 

 $ 

 10,771,168 

 $ 

 12,621,565 

 $ 

 (1,737,429 

 ) 

 Corporate and other assets 

 — 

 — 

 2,729 

 4,014 

 — 

 3,180 

 3,180 

 (2,289 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 1,676,544 

 $ 

 1,844,818 

 $ 

 10,014,559 

 $ 

 908,059 

 $ 

 1,850,397 

 $ 

 10,774,348 

 $ 

 12,624,745 

 $ 

 (1,739,718 

 ) 

 * Property
is in development or taken out of service and placed in redevelopment and not yet placed in service.

 ** Represents
land parcels held for development which are not depreciated.

 † A
portion of the property has been taken out of service and placed in redevelopment.

 (1) At
December 31, 2012, the tax basis of the Company's net real estate assets is less than the reported amounts by approximately $1.6 billion. 
 F-71 

 Table of Contents 

HCP, Inc. 

 Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (b) A
summary of activity for real estate and accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 follows (in thousands): 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Real estate: 

 Balances at beginning of year 

 $ 

 10,730,089 

 $ 

 9,756,927 

 $ 

 9,416,188 

 Acquisition of real estate and development and improvements 

 1,941,091 

 1,049,723 

 377,354 

 Disposition of real estate 

 (148,752 

 ) 

 (21,737 

 ) 

 (61,139 

 ) 

 Impairments 

 (7,878 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Balances associated with changes in reporting presentation (1) 

 110,195 

 (54,824 

 ) 

 24,524 

 Balances at end of year 

 $ 

 12,624,745 

 $ 

 10,730,089 

 $ 

 9,756,927 

 Accumulated depreciation: 

 Balances at beginning of year 

 $ 

 1,449,579 

 $ 

 1,226,122 

 $ 

 1,015,263 

 Depreciation expense 

 302,332 

 294,480 

 254,799 

 Disposition of real estate 

 (32,942 

 ) 

 (5,705 

 ) 

 (27,123 

 ) 

 Balances associated with changes in reporting presentation (1) 

 20,749 

 (65,318 

 ) 

 (16,817 

 ) 

 Balances at end of year 

 $ 

 1,739,718 

 $ 

 1,449,579 

 $ 

 1,226,122 

 (1) The
balances associated with changes in reporting presentation represent real estate and accumulated depreciation related to properties placed into
discontinued operations as of December 31, 2012. 
 F-72