# O 10-K 申報日 2013-02-14 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001104659-13-010950
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/726728/000110465913010950/a12-27698_110k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 a12-27698_110k.htm
 10-K

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Commission File Number 1-13374 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 

 33-0580106 

 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 

 (IRS Employer 

 Incorporation or Organization) 

 Identification Number) 

 600 La Terraza Boulevard, Escondido, California 92025-3873 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (760) 741-2111 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 

 Name of Each Exchange 

 Title of Each Class 

 On Which Registered 

 Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value 

 Class E Preferred Stock, $0.01 Par Value 

 Class F Preferred Stock, $0.01 Par Value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES x NO o 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES o NO x 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES x NO o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES x NO o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES o NO x 

 At June 30, 2012, the aggregate market value of the Registrant’s shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $5.5 billion based upon the last reported sale price of $41.77 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2012, the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

 At February 1, 2013, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was 178,921,596, the number of the number of shares of Class E preferred stock outstanding was 8,800,000 and the number of shares of Class F preferred stock outstanding was 16,350,000. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 incorporate by reference certain specific portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for Realty Income Corporation’s Annual Meeting to be held on May 7, 2013, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. Only those portions of the proxy statement which are specifically incorporated by reference herein shall constitute a part of this annual report. 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION 

 Index to Form 10-K 

 PART I 

 Page 

 Item 1: 

 Business 

 The Company 

 2 

 Recent Developments 

 3 

 Dividend Policy 

 7 

 Business Philosophy and Strategy 

 8 

 Property Portfolio Information 

 14 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 21 

 Item 1A: 

 Risk Factors 

 21 

 Item 1B: 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 32 

 Item 2: 

 Properties 

 32 

 Item 3: 

 Legal Proceedings 

 33 

 Item 4: 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 33 

 PART II 

 Item 5: 

 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 33 

 Item 6: 

 Selected Financial Data 

 34 

 Item 7: 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 General 

 35 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 35 

 Results of Operations 

 42 

 Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (FFO) and Normalized Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (Normalized FFO) 

 48 

 Adjusted Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (AFFO) 

 49 

 Impact of Inflation 

 51 

 Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 51 

 Item 7A: 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 51 

 Item 8: 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 52 

 Item 9: 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 81 

 Item 9A: 

 Controls and Procedures 

 82 

 Item 9B: 

 Other Information 

 83 

 PART III 

 Item 10: 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 83 

 Item 11: 

 Executive Compensation 

 83 

 Item 12: 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 83 

 Item 13: 

 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 

 83 

 Item 14: 

 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 83 

 PART IV 

 Item 15: 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 84 

 SIGNATURES 

 89 

 -1- 

 Table of Contents 

 PART I 

 Item 1: Business 

 THE COMPANY 

 Realty Income Corporation, The Monthly Dividend Company ® , or Realty Income, is a publicly traded real estate company with the primary business objective of generating dependable monthly cash dividends from a consistent and predictable level of cash flow from operations. Our monthly distributions or dividends are supported by the cash flow from our portfolio of properties leased to commercial enterprises. We have in-house acquisition, leasing, legal, credit research, real estate research, portfolio management and capital markets expertise. Over the past 44 years, Realty Income and its predecessors have been acquiring and owning freestanding commercial properties that generate rental revenue under long-term lease agreements. 

 In 1994, Realty Income was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, and we elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, requiring us to distribute dividends to our stockholders aggregating at least 90% of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains). 

 We seek to increase distributions to stockholders and funds from operations, or FFO, per share through both active portfolio management and the acquisition of additional properties. 

 Generally, our portfolio management efforts seek to achieve: 

 · Contractual rent increases on existing leases; 

 · Rent increases at the termination of existing leases, when market conditions permit; and 

 · The active management of our property portfolio, including re-leasing vacant properties, and selectively selling properties, thereby mitigating our exposure to certain tenants and markets. 

 In acquiring additional properties, our strategy is primarily to acquire properties that are: 

 · Freestanding, single-tenant locations; 

 · Leased to regional and national commercial enterprises; and 

 · Leased under long-term, net-lease agreements. 

 At December 31, 2012, we owned a diversified portfolio: 

 · Of 3,013 properties; 

 · With an occupancy rate of 97.2%, or 2,929 properties leased and only 84 properties available for lease; 

 · Leased to 150 different commercial enterprises doing business in 44 separate industries; 

 · Located in 49 states; 

 · With over 37.6 million square feet of leasable space; and 

 · With an average leasable space per property of approximately 12,500 square feet. 

 Of the 3,013 properties in the portfolio, 2,996, or 99.4%, are single-tenant properties, and the remaining 17 are multi-tenant properties. At December 31, 2012, of the 2,996 single-tenant properties, 2,913 were leased with a weighted average remaining lease term (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) of approximately 11.0 years. 

 We typically acquire properties under long-term leases with regional and national retailers and other commercial enterprises. Our acquisition and investment activities generally focus on businesses providing goods and services that satisfy basic consumer and business needs. In general, our net-lease agreements: 

 · Are for initial terms of 10 to 20 years; 

 · Require the tenant to pay minimum monthly rent and property operating expenses (taxes, insurance and maintenance); and 

 · Provide for future rent increases based on increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), additional rent calculated as a percentage of the tenants’ gross sales above a specified level, or fixed increases. 

 -2- 

 Table of Contents 

 We commenced operations as a REIT on August 15, 1994 through the merger of 25 public and private real estate limited partnerships. Each of the partnerships was formed between 1970 and 1989 for the purpose of acquiring and managing long-term, net-leased properties. 

 Our ten senior officers owned 0.7% of our outstanding common stock with a market value of $56.3 million at February 1, 2013. Our directors and ten senior officers, as a group, owned 0.9% of our outstanding common stock with a market value of $67.0 million at February 1, 2013. 

 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “O” with a cusip number of 756109-104. Our central index key number is 726728. 

 Our 6.75% Monthly Income Class E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “OprE” with a cusip number of 756109-708. 

 Our 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “OprF” with a cusip number of 756109-807. 

 In February 2013, we had 97 employees as compared to 83 employees in February 2012. 

 We maintain a corporate website at www.realtyincome.com. On our website we make available, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Form 3s, Form 4s, Form 5s, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. None of the information on our website is deemed to be part of this report. 

 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

 Increases in Monthly Dividends to Common Stockholders 

 We have continued our 44-year policy of paying monthly dividends. Monthly dividends per common share increased by $0.0003125 in April 2012 to $0.1458125, increased by $0.0003125 in July 2012 to $0.146125, increased by $0.005 in September 2012 to $0.151125, increased by $0.0003125 in October 2012 to $0.1514375, increased by $0.0003125 in January 2013 to $0.15175, and increased by $0.0291667 in February 2013 to $0.1809167. The increase in January 2013 was our 61 st consecutive quarterly increase and the increase in February 2013 was our 70 th increase in the amount of our dividend since our listing on the NYSE in 1994. In 2012, we paid three monthly cash dividends per common share in the amount of $0.1455, three in the amount of $0.1458125, two in the amount of $0.146125, one in the amount of $0.151125, and three in the amount of $0.1514375, totaling $1.771625. In December 2012, we declared dividends of $0.15175 per share, which were paid in January 2013. In January 2013 and February 2013, we declared dividends of $0.1809167 per share, which will be paid in February 2013 and March 2013, respectively. 

 The monthly dividend of $0.1809167 per share represents a current annualized dividend of $2.171 per share, and an annualized dividend yield of approximately 5.0% based on the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE of $43.40 on February 1, 2013. Although we expect to continue our policy of paying monthly dividends, we cannot guarantee that we will maintain our current level of dividends, that we will continue our pattern of increasing dividends per share, or what our actual dividend yield will be in any future period. 

 Acquisitions During 2012 

 During 2012, Realty Income invested $1.16 billion in real estate, acquiring 423 properties, and properties under development, with an initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 7.2%. The majority of the lease revenue from these properties is generated from investment grade tenants. These 423 properties, and properties under development, are located in 37 states, will contain over 10.5 million leasable square feet, and are 100% leased with an average lease term of 14.6 years. The tenants of the 423 properties acquired operate in 23 industries: aerospace, apparel stores, automotive collision services, automotive parts, consumer appliances, consumer goods, convenience stores, crafts and novelties, diversified industrial, dollar stores, drug stores, equipment services, food processing, health and fitness, insurance, machinery, motor vehicle dealerships, packaging, 

 -3- 

 Table of Contents 

 paper, restaurants – quick service, theaters, transportation services, and wholesale clubs. None of the investments in these properties caused any one tenant to be 10% or more of our total assets at December 31, 2012. 

 The initial weighted average contractual lease rate is computed as estimated contractual net operating income (in a net-leased property that is equal to the aggregate base rent or, in the case of a property under development, the estimated base rent) for the first year of each lease, divided by the estimated total cost of the properties. Since it is possible that a tenant could default on the payment of contractual rent, we cannot provide assurance that the actual return on the funds invested will remain at the percentages listed above. 

 January 2013 Acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. 

 On January 22, 2013, we completed our acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., or ARCT, in a transaction valued at approximately $3.1 billion. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 6, 2012, as amended on January 6, 2013, at the effective time of the acquisition, each outstanding share of ARCT common stock was converted into the right to receive a combination of (i) $0.35 in cash and (ii) 0.2874 shares of our common stock. In connection with the acquisition, at the closing we terminated and repaid the amounts then outstanding of approximately $552.9 million under ARCT’s revolving credit facility and term loan. In conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT in January 2013, we assumed approximately $516.3 million of mortgages payable. With this acquisition, we added 515 properties to our portfolio. Through 2012, we have incurred $7.9 million of merger costs. We anticipate that the total merger costs will be approximately $19 million. 

 In January 2013, in connection with our acquisition of ARCT, we entered into a $70 million senior unsecured term loan maturing January 21, 2018. Borrowing under the term loan bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly referred to as LIBOR, plus 1.20%. In conjunction with this term loan, we also acquired an interest rate swap which essentially fixes our per annum interest rate on the term loan at 2.15%. 

 Portfolio Discussion 

 Leasing Results 

 At December 31, 2012, we had 84 properties available for lease out of 3,013 properties in our portfolio, which represents a 97.2% occupancy rate. Since December 31, 2011, when we reported 87 properties available for lease and a 96.7% occupancy rate, we: 

 · Leased 47 properties; 

 · Sold 20 properties available for lease; and 

 · Have 64 new properties available for lease. 

 During 2012, 124 properties with expiring leases were leased to either existing or new tenants. The rent on these leases was $10.6 million, as compared to the previous rent on these same properties of $10.9 million. At December 31, 2012, our average annualized rental revenue was approximately $14.56 per square foot on the 2,929 leased properties in our portfolio. At December 31, 2012, we classified 14 properties with a carrying amount of $19.2 million as held for sale on our balance sheet. 

 Investments in Existing Properties 

 In 2012, we capitalized costs of $6.6 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.62 million for re-leasing costs and $4.93 million for building and tenant improvements. In 2011, we capitalized costs of $4.2 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.7 million for re-leasing costs and $2.5 million for building and tenant improvements. 

 As part of our re-leasing costs, we pay leasing commissions and sometimes provide tenant rent concessions. Leasing commissions are paid based on the commercial real estate industry standard and any rent concessions provided are minimal. We do not consider the collective impact of the leasing commissions or tenant rent concessions to be material to our financial position or results of operations. 

 The majority of our building and tenant improvements are related to roof repairs, HVAC improvements, and parking lot resurfacing and replacements. It is not customary for us to offer significant tenant improvements on our properties as tenant incentives. The amounts of our capital expenditures can vary significantly, depending on the rental market, tenant credit worthiness, and the willingness of tenants to pay higher rents over the terms of the leases. 

 -4- 

 Table of Contents 

 Note Issuance 

 In October 2012, we issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior unsecured notes due January 2018, or the 2018 Notes, and $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior unsecured notes due October 2022, or the 2022 Notes. The price to the investors for the 2018 Notes was 99.910% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 2.017% per annum. The price to the investors for the 2022 Notes was 99.382% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 3.323% per annum. The total net proceeds of $790.1 million from these offerings were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, and the remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including additional property acquisitions. 

 Universal Shelf Registration 

 In October 2012, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which is effective for a term of three years and will expire in October 2015. This replaces our prior shelf registration statement. In accordance with SEC rules, the amount of securities to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific dollar limit. The securities covered by this registration statement include (1) common stock, (2) preferred stock, (3) debt securities, (4) depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of preferred stock, (5) warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares, and (6) any combination of these securities. We may periodically offer one or more of these securities in amounts, prices, and on terms to be announced when and if the securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. 

 Environmental Insurance Policies 

 In July 2012, we entered into new ten-year environmental primary and excess insurance policies that expire in July 2022. The limits on our new primary policy are $10 million per occurrence and $60 million in the aggregate. The limits on the excess policy are $5 million per occurrence and $10 million in the aggregate. Therefore, the primary and excess ten-year policies together provide a total limit of $15 million per occurrence and $70 million in the aggregate. 

 Authorized Shares 

 In June 2012, our stockholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of our common stock to 370,100,000 and the number of authorized shares of our preferred stock to 69,900,000. 

 $1 Billion Acquisition Credit Facility 

 In May 2012, we entered into a new $1 billion unsecured acquisition credit facility, which replaced our $425 million acquisition credit facility that was scheduled to expire in March 2014. The initial term of the new credit facility expires in May 2016 and includes, at our option, a one-year extension. Under this new credit facility, our current investment grade credit ratings provide for financing at LIBOR plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% over LIBOR. The borrowing rate is not subject to an interest rate floor or ceiling. We also have other interest rate options available to us. Our credit facility is unsecured and, accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for this obligation. 

 2012 Incentive Award Plan 

 In March 2012, our Board of Directors adopted, and in May 2012, our stockholders approved the Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan, or the 2012 Plan, to enable us to attract and retain the services of directors, employees and consultants considered essential to our long-term success. The 2012 Plan offers our directors, employees and consultants an opportunity to own stock in Realty Income or rights that will reflect our growth, development and financial success. The 2012 Plan replaced the 2003 Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (as amended and restated February 21, 2006), which was set to expire in March 2013. 

 Issuance and Redemption of Preferred Stock 

 In February 2012, we issued 14.95 million shares of 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a price of $25.00 per share, including 1.95 million shares purchased by the underwriters upon the exercise of their overallotment option. In April 2012, we issued an additional 1.4 million shares of our Class F preferred stock at a price of $25.2863 per share. Of the aggregate net proceeds of approximately $395.4 million from these issuances, $127.5 million was used to redeem all of our outstanding 7.375% Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and the balance was used to repay borrowings under our credit facility. The dividend rate difference of 0.75% between the Class D and Class F preferred stock provides us 

 -5- 

 Table of Contents 

 savings of $956,000 annually on the Class D redemption amount of $127.5 million. Beginning February 15, 2017, the Class F preferred shares are redeemable at our option for $25.00 per share. The initial dividend of $0.1702257 per share was paid on March 15, 2012, and covered 37 days. Thereafter, dividends of $0.138021 per share will be paid monthly, in arrears. 

 We redeemed all of the 5.1 million shares of our 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock in March 2012 for $25.00 per share, plus accrued dividends. We incurred a charge of $3.7 million, representing the Class D preferred stock original issuance costs that we paid in 2004. 

 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 

 Net income available to common stockholders was $114.5 million in 2012, compared to $132.8 million in 2011, a decrease of $18.3 million. On a diluted per common share basis, net income was $0.86 in 2012, as compared to $1.05 in 2011. Net income available to common stockholders for 2012 includes $7.9 million of merger-related costs, which represents $0.06 on a diluted per common share basis, for the acquisition of ARCT. Additionally, net income available to common stockholders in 2012 includes a $3.7 million charge for the excess of redemption value over carrying value of the shares of our Class D preferred stock, which represents $0.03 on a diluted per common share basis. 

 The calculation to determine net income available to common stockholders includes gains from the sale of properties and excess real estate. The amount of gains varies from period to period based on the timing of property sales and can significantly impact net income available to common stockholders. 

 Gains from the sale of properties during 2012 were $9.9 million, as compared to gains from the sale of properties and excess real estate of $5.7 million during 2011. 

 Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (FFO) and Normalized Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (Normalized FFO) 

 In 2012, our FFO increased by $11.5 million, or 4.6%, to $260.9 million versus $249.4 million in 2011. On a diluted per common share basis, FFO was $1.96 in 2012, compared to $1.98 in 2011, a decrease of $0.02, or 1.0%. FFO in 2012 includes $7.9 million of merger-related costs, which represents $0.06 on a diluted per common share basis, and includes a $3.7 million charge for the excess of redemption value over carrying value of the shares of our Class D preferred stock, which represents $0.03 on a diluted per common share basis. 

 We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the merger-related costs for our acquisition of ARCT. In 2012, our normalized FFO increased by $19.4 million, or 7.8%, to $268.8 million, versus $249.4 million in 2011. On a diluted common share basis, normalized FFO was $2.02 in 2012, compared to $1.98 in 2011, an increase of $0.04, or 2.0%. 

 See our discussion of FFO and normalized FFO (which are not financial measures under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP), in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report, which includes a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to FFO and normalized FFO. 

 Adjusted Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (AFFO) 

 In 2012, our AFFO increased by $20.8 million, or 8.2%, to $274.2 million versus $253.4 million in 2011. On a diluted per common share basis, AFFO was $2.06 in 2012, compared to $2.01 in 2011, an increase of $0.05, or 2.5%. 

 See our discussion of AFFO (which is not a financial measure under GAAP), in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report, which includes a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO. 

 -6- 

 Table of Contents 

 DIVIDEND POLICY 

 Distributions are paid monthly to our common, Class E preferred and Class F preferred stockholders if, and when, declared by our Board of Directors. 

 In order to maintain our tax status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally are required to distribute dividends to our stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains), and we are subject to income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our taxable income (including net capital gains). In 2012, our cash distributions to preferred and common stockholders totaled $275.8 million, or approximately 131.4% of our estimated taxable income of $209.9 million. Our estimated taxable income reflects non-cash deductions for depreciation and amortization. Our estimated taxable income is presented to show our compliance with REIT dividend requirements and is not a measure of our liquidity or operating performance. We intend to continue to make distributions to our stockholders that are sufficient to meet this dividend requirement and that will reduce or eliminate our exposure to income taxes. Furthermore, we believe our funds from operations are more than sufficient to support our current level of cash distributions to our stockholders. Our 2012 cash distributions to common stockholders totaled $236.3 million, representing 86.2% of our adjusted funds from operations available to common stockholders of $274.2 million. 

 The Class E preferred stockholders receive cumulative distributions at a rate of 6.75% per annum on the $25.00 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $1.6875 per annum per share). The Class F preferred stockholders receive cumulative distributions at a rate of 6.625% per annum on the $25.00 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $1.65625 per annum per share). Dividends on our Class E and Class F preferred stock are current. 

 Future distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, FFO, normalized FFO, AFFO, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual dividend requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our debt service requirements and any other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, our credit facility contains financial covenants that could limit the amount of distributions paid by us in the event of a default, and which prohibit the payment of distributions on the common or preferred stock in the event that we fail to pay when due (subject to any applicable grace period) any principal or interest on borrowings under our credit facility. 

 Distributions of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to stockholders as ordinary income, except to the extent that we recognize capital gains and declare a capital gains dividend, or that such amounts constitute “qualified dividend income” subject to a reduced rate of tax. The maximum tax rate of non-corporate taxpayers for “qualified dividend income” is generally 20% (15% for 2012 dividends). In general, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for the reduced tax rate on qualified dividend income, except to the extent that certain holding requirements have been met with respect to the REIT’s stock and the REIT’s dividends are attributable to dividends received from certain taxable corporations (such as our taxable REIT subsidiary, Crest Net Lease, Inc., or Crest) or to income that was subject to tax at the corporate or REIT level (for example, if we distribute taxable income that we retained and paid tax on in the prior taxable year). 

 Distributions in excess of earnings and profits generally will be treated as a non-taxable reduction in the stockholders’ basis in their stock, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of that basis, generally, will be taxable as a capital gain to stockholders who hold their shares as a capital asset. Approximately 24.5% of the distributions to our common stockholders, made or deemed to have been made in 2012, were classified as a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. We estimate that in 2013, between 15% and 25% of the distributions may be classified as a return of capital. 

 -7- 

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY AND STRATEGY 

 Capital Philosophy 

 Historically, we have met our long-term capital needs by issuing common stock, preferred stock and long-term unsecured notes and bonds. Over the long term, we believe that common stock should be the majority of our capital structure. However, we may issue additional preferred stock or debt securities from time to time. We may issue common stock when we believe that our share price is at a level that allows for the proceeds of any offering to be accretively invested into additional properties. In addition, we may issue common stock to permanently finance properties that were financed by our credit facility or debt securities. However, we cannot assure you that we will have access to the capital markets at times and at terms that are acceptable to us. 

 Our primary cash obligations, for the current year and subsequent years, are included in the “Table of Obligations,” which is presented in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We expect to fund our operating expenses and other short-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and development costs, payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, property improvements, re-leasing costs and cash distributions to common and preferred stockholders, primarily through cash provided by operating activities, borrowing on our $1 billion credit facility and occasionally through public securities offerings. 

 Conservative Capital Structure 

 We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet and solid interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. At December 31, 2012, our total outstanding borrowings of senior unsecured notes, mortgages payable and credit facility borrowings were $2.88 billion, or approximately 32.5% of our total market capitalization of $8.88 billion. 

 We define our total market capitalization at December 31, 2012 as the sum of: 

 · Shares of our common stock outstanding of 133,452,411 multiplied by the last reported sales price of our common stock on the NYSE of $40.21 per share on December 31, 2012, or $5.37 billion; 

 · Aggregate liquidation value (par value of $25.00 per share) of the Class E preferred stock of $220 million; 

 · Aggregate liquidation value (par value of $25.00 per share) of the Class F preferred stock of $408.8 million; 

 · Outstanding borrowings of $158.0 million on our credit facility; 

 · Outstanding mortgages payable of $175.9 million; and 

 · Outstanding senior unsecured notes and bonds of $2.55 billion. 

 At the close of the acquisition of ARCT on January 22, 2013, our total market capitalization increased to over $12 billion. 

 Investment Philosophy 

 We believe that owning an actively managed, diversified portfolio of commercial properties under long-term, net leases produces consistent and predictable income. Net leases typically require the tenant to be responsible for monthly rent and property operating expenses including property taxes, insurance and maintenance. In addition, tenants are typically subject to future rent increases based on increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), additional rent calculated as a percentage of the tenants’ gross sales above a specified level, or fixed increases. We believe that a portfolio of properties under long-term leases, coupled with the tenant’s responsibility for property expenses, generally produces a more predictable income stream than many other types of real estate portfolios, while continuing to offer the potential for growth in rental income. 

 Investment Strategy 

 When identifying new properties for acquisition, we generally focus on providing capital to owners and operators of commercial enterprises by acquiring the real estate they consider important to the successful operation of their business. 

 -8- 

 Table of Contents 

 We primarily focus on acquiring properties leased to commercial enterprises based on the following guidelines: 

 · Tenants with reliable and sustainable cash flow; 

 · Tenants with revenue and cash flow from multiple sources; 

 · Large owners and users of real estate; 

 · Real estate that is critical to the tenant’s ability to generate revenue (i.e. they need the property in which they operate in order to conduct their business); 

 · Real estate and tenants that are willing to sign a long-term lease (10 or more years); and 

 · Property transactions where we can achieve an attractive spread over our cost of capital. 

 Historically, our investment focus has primarily been on commercial enterprises that have a service component because we believe the lease revenue from these types of businesses is more stable. Because of this investment focus, for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, approximately 70.1% of our retail rental revenue was derived from tenants with a service component in their business. We believe these service-oriented businesses would generally be difficult to duplicate over the Internet and that our properties continue to perform well relative to competition from Internet-based businesses. 

 Credit Strategy 

 We typically acquire and lease properties to regional and national commercial enterprises and believe that within this market we can achieve an attractive risk-adjusted return. Since 1970, our occupancy rate at the end of each year has never been below 96%. 

 We believe the principal financial obligations of most commercial enterprises typically include their bank and other debt, payment obligations to suppliers and real estate lease obligations. Because we typically own the land and building in which a tenant conducts its business or which are critical to the tenant’s ability to generate revenue, we believe the risk of default on a tenant’s lease obligations is less than the tenant’s unsecured general obligations. It has been our experience that since tenants must retain their profitable and critical locations in order to survive, in the event of reorganization they are less likely to reject a lease for a profitable and critical location because this would terminate their right to use the property. Thus, as the property owner, we believe we will fare better than unsecured creditors of the same tenant in the event of reorganization. If a property is rejected by the tenant during reorganization, we own the property and can either lease it to a new tenant or sell the property. In addition, we believe that the risk of default on real estate leases can be further mitigated by monitoring the performance of the tenants’ individual locations and considering whether to sell locations that are weaker performers. 

 In order to qualify for inclusion in our portfolio, new property acquisitions must meet stringent investment and credit requirements. The properties must generate attractive current yields and the tenant must meet our credit profile. We have established a four-part analysis that examines each potential investment based on: 

 · Industry, company, market conditions and credit profile; 

 · Store profitability for retail locations, if profitability data is available; 

 · The importance of the real estate location to the operations of the company’s business; and 

 · Overall real estate characteristics, including property value and comparative rental rates. 

 Acquisition Strategy 

 We seek to invest in industries in which several, well-organized, regional and national commercial enterprises are capturing market share through service, quality control, economies of scale, strong consumer brands, advertising, and the selection of prime locations. Our acquisition strategy is to act as a source of capital to regional and national commercial enterprises by acquiring and leasing back their real estate locations. In addition, we frequently acquire large portfolios of properties net leased to multiple tenants in a variety of industries. We undertake thorough research and analysis to identify what we consider to be appropriate industries, tenants and property locations for investment. Our research expertise is instrumental to uncovering net-lease opportunities in markets where our real estate financing program adds value. In selecting potential investments, we generally seek to acquire real estate that has the following characteristics: 

 · Properties that are freestanding, commercially-zoned with a single tenant; 

 · Properties that are important locations for regional and national commercial enterprises; 

 -9- 

 Table of Contents 

 · Properties that we deem to be profitable for the tenants and/or can generally be characterized as important to the operations of the company’s business; 

 · Properties that are located within attractive demographic areas, relative to the business of our tenants, with high visibility and easy access to major thoroughfares; and 

 · Properties that can be purchased with the simultaneous execution or assumption of long-term, net-lease agreements, offering both current income and the potential for rent increases. 

 Impact of Real Estate and Credit Markets 

 In the commercial real estate market, property prices generally continue to fluctuate. Likewise, during certain periods, the U.S. credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which may impact our access to and cost of capital. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. 

 Portfolio Management Strategy 

 The active management of the property portfolio is an essential component of our long-term strategy. We continually monitor our portfolio for any changes that could affect the performance of the industries, tenants and locations in which we have invested. We also regularly analyze our portfolio with a view toward optimizing its returns and enhancing our credit quality. 

 Our executives regularly review and analyze: 

 · The performance of the various industries of our tenants; and 

 · The operation, management, business planning, and financial condition of our tenants. 

 We have an active portfolio management program that incorporates the sale of assets when we believe the reinvestment of the sale proceeds will: 

 · Generate higher returns; 

 · Enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio; 

 · Extend our average remaining lease term; or 

 · Decrease tenant or industry concentration. 

 At December 31, 2012, we classified real estate with a carrying amount of $19.2 million as held for sale on our balance sheet. In 2013, we intend to continue implementing more active disposition efforts to further enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio. As a result, we anticipate selling investment properties from our portfolio that have not yet been specifically identified, from which we anticipate receiving between $50 million and $125 million in proceeds during the next 12 months. We intend to invest these proceeds into new property acquisitions, if there are attractive opportunities available. However, we cannot guarantee that we will sell properties during the next 12 months at our estimated values or be able to invest the property sale proceeds in new properties. 

 Universal Shelf Registration 

 In October 2012, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which is effective for a term of three years and will expire in October 2015. This replaces our prior shelf registration statement. In accordance with SEC rules, the amount of securities to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific dollar limit. The securities covered by this registration statement include (1) common stock, (2) preferred stock, (3) debt securities, (4) depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of preferred stock, (5) warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares, and (6) any combination of these securities. We may periodically offer one or more of these securities in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if the securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. 

 -10- 

 Table of Contents 

 $1 Billion Acquisition Credit Facility 

 In May 2012, we entered into a new $1 billion unsecured acquisition credit facility, which replaced our $425 million acquisition credit facility that was scheduled to expire in March 2014. The initial term of the new credit facility expires in May 2016 and includes, at our option, a one-year extension. Under this new credit facility, our current investment grade credit ratings provide for financing at LIBOR, plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% over LIBOR. The borrowing rate is not subject to an interest rate floor or ceiling. We also have other interest rate options available to us. Our credit facility is unsecured and, accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for this obligation. At December 31, 2012, we had a borrowing capacity of $842 million available on our credit facility (subject to customary conditions to borrowing) and an outstanding balance of $158 million. The interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our new credit facility, at December 31, 2012, was 1.3% per annum. We must comply with various financial and other covenants in our credit facility. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 We expect to use our credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other corporate purposes. Any additional borrowings will increase our exposure to interest rate risk. We have the right to request an increase in the borrowing capacity of the credit facility, up to $500 million, to a total borrowing capacity of $1.5 billion. Any increase in the borrowing capacity is subject to approval by the lending banks participating in our credit facility. 

 We generally use our credit facility for the short-term financing of new property acquisitions. Thereafter, when capital is available on acceptable terms, we generally seek to refinance those borrowings with the net proceeds of long-term or permanent financing, which may include the issuance of common stock, preferred stock or debt securities. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to obtain any such refinancing, or that market conditions prevailing at the time of the refinancing will enable us to issue equity or debt securities upon acceptable terms. 

 Cash Reserves 

 We acquire and lease properties and distribute to stockholders, in the form of monthly cash dividends, a substantial portion of our net cash flow generated from leases on our properties. We intend to retain an appropriate amount of cash as working capital. At December 31, 2012, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $5.2 million. 

 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We intend, however, to use additional sources of capital to fund property acquisitions and to repay future borrowings under our credit facility. 

 Credit Agency Ratings 

 The borrowing interest rates under our credit facility are based upon our credit ratings. We are currently assigned the following investment grade corporate credit ratings on our senior unsecured notes and bonds: Fitch Ratings has assigned a rating of BBB+ with a “stable” outlook, Moody’s Investors Service has assigned a rating of Baa1 with a “negative” outlook, and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group has assigned a rating of BBB with a “stable” outlook to our senior notes. 

 Based on our current ratings, the credit facility interest rate is LIBOR plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% basis points over LIBOR. The credit facility provides that the interest rate can range between: (i) LIBOR plus 1.85% if our credit facility is lower than BBB-/Baa3 and (ii) LIBOR plus 1.00% if our credit rating is A-/A3 or higher. In addition, our credit facility provides for a facility commitment fee based on our credit ratings, which range from: (i) 0.45% for a rating lower than BBB-/Baa3, and (ii) 0.15% for a credit rating of A-/A3 or higher. 

 We also issue senior debt securities from time to time and our credit ratings can impact the interest rates on these transactions. In addition, if our credit ratings or ratings outlook change, our cost to obtain debt financing could increase or decrease. 

 -11- 

 Table of Contents 

 The credit ratings assigned to us could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that our ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. Moreover, a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. 

 Mortgage Debt 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had $165.9 million of mortgages payable, which were assumed in connection with our property acquisitions in 2012 and 2011. Additionally, at December 31, 2012, we had net premiums totaling $9.9 million on these mortgages. During 2012, we paid $11.7 million in principal payments, which includes $10.7 million to pay off one mortgage in March 2012. 

 We expect to pay off the mortgages payable as soon as prepayment penalties and costs make it economically feasible to do so. We intend to continue our policy of primarily identifying property acquisitions that are free from mortgage indebtedness. 

 No Unconsolidated Investments 

 We have no unconsolidated investments, nor do we engage in trading activities involving energy or commodity contracts. Additionally, we have no joint ventures or mandatorily redeemable preferred stock. As such, our financial position and results of operations are not affected by accounting regulations regarding the classification of financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. 

 Competitive Strategy 

 To successfully pursue our investment philosophy and strategy, we seek to maintain the following competitive advantages: 

 · Type of Investment Properties: We believe net-leased properties, whether purchased individually or as part of larger portfolio purchases, represent an attractive investment opportunity in today’s real estate environment. The less intensive day-to-day property management required by net-lease agreements, coupled with the active management of a large portfolio of properties, is an effective investment strategy. The tenants of our freestanding properties generally provide goods and services that satisfy basic consumer needs. In order to grow and expand, they generally need capital. Since the acquisition of real estate is typically the single largest capital expenditure of many of these tenants, our method of purchasing the property and then leasing it back, under a net-lease arrangement, allows the commercial enterprise to free up capital. 

 · Investment in New Industries: We seek to further diversify our portfolio among a variety of industries. We believe diversification will allow us to invest in industries that currently are growing and have characteristics we find attractive. When analyzing new industries, we seek to acquire properties that are critical to the success of a commercial enterprise, through its distribution of the product or service. Other characteristics may include, but are not limited to, industries that are dominated by local store operators where regional and national commercial enterprises can increase market share and dominance by consolidating local operators and streamlining their operations, as well as capitalizing on major demographic shifts in a population base. 

 · Diversification: Diversification of the portfolio by industry type, tenant, and geographic location is key to our objective of providing predictable investment results for our stockholders, therefore further diversification of our portfolio is a continuing objective. At December 31, 2012, we owned a diversified property portfolio that consisted of 3,013 properties located in 49 states, leased to 150 different commercial enterprises doing business in 44 industry segments. Each of the 44 industry segments, represented in our property portfolio, individually accounted for no more than 14.9% of our rental revenue for the quarter ended December 31, 2012. 

 -12- 

 Table of Contents 

 · Management Specialization: We believe that our management’s specialization in acquiring and managing single-tenant properties, operated under net-lease agreements, purchased individually or as part of a larger portfolio, is important to meeting our objectives. We plan to maintain this specialization and will seek to employ and train high-quality professionals in this specialized area of real estate ownership, finance and management. 

 · Technology: We intend to stay at the forefront of technology in our efforts to carry out our operations efficiently and economically. We maintain sophisticated information systems that allow us to analyze our portfolio’s performance and actively manage our investments. We believe that technology and information-based systems play an important role in our competitiveness as an investment manager and source of capital to a variety of industries and tenants. 

 Corporate Responsibility 

 Realty Income is committed to providing an enjoyable, diverse and safe working atmosphere for our employees, to upholding our responsibilities as a public company operating for the benefit of our shareholders and to being mindful of the environment. As The Monthly Dividend Company®, we believe our primary responsibility is to provide a dividend return to our shareholders. How we manage and use the physical, human and financial resources that enable us to acquire and own the real estate, which provides us with the lease revenue to pay monthly dividends, demonstrates our commitment to corporate responsibility. 

 Social Responsibility and Ethics. We are committed to being socially responsible and conducting our business according to the highest ethical standards. Our employees enjoy compensation that is in line with those of our peers and competitors, including generous healthcare benefits for employees and their families; participation in a 401K plan with a matching contribution by Realty Income; competitive vacation and time-off benefits; paid maternity leave and an infant-at-work program for new parents. Our employees also have access to members of our Board of Directors to report any suspicion of misconduct, by any member of our senior management or executive team. We also have a long-standing commitment to equal employment opportunity and adhere to all Equal Employer Opportunity Policy guidelines. 

 With respect to our vendors and tenants we apply the principles of full and fair disclosure in all of our business dealings, as outlined in our Corporate Code of Business Ethics. We are also committed to dealing fairly with all of our customers, suppliers and competitors. 

 Corporate Governance. We believe that nothing is more important than a company’s reputation for integrity and serving as a responsible fiduciary for its shareholders. We are committed to managing the company for the benefit of our shareholders and are focused on maintaining good corporate governance. Practices that illustrate this commitment include: 

 · Our Board of Directors is comprised of six independent, non-employee directors and one employee director (the Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board) 

 · Our Board of Directors is elected on an annual basis 

 · We employ a majority vote standard for elections 

 · Our Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors works with independent consultants, in conducting annual compensation reviews for our key executives, and compensates each individual based on reaching certain performance metrics that determine the success of our company 

 · We adhere to all other corporate governance principles outlined in our “Corporate Governance Guidelines” document. 

 Environmental Practices. Our focus on energy related matters is demonstrated by how we manage our day-to-day activities in our corporate headquarters building. With respect to other properties that we own, which are net-leased to our tenants who are responsible for maintaining the buildings, we encourage energy conservation and environmental sustainability practices wherever possible. In our headquarters building we promote energy conservation and encourage the following practices: 

 · Powering down office equipment at the end of the day 

 · Setting fax and copier machines to “energy saver mode” 

 · Encouraging employees to use “duplex” copy mode to reduce paper usage whenever possible 

 · Employing an automated “lights out” system that is activated 24/7 

 -13- 

 Table of Contents 

 · Programming HVAC to only operate during normal business operating hours 

 In addition, our headquarters building was constructed according to the State of California energy standards and we have installed solar panels on our roof to fulfill our energy requirements. All of the windows on our building are dual-paned to increase energy efficiency and reduce our carbon footprint. 

 With respect to recycling and reuse practices, we encourage the use of recycled products and the recycling of materials during our operations. Recycling bins are placed in all areas where materials are regularly disposed of and at the individual desks of our employees. Cell phones, wireless devices and office equipment is recycled or donated whenever possible. We also continue to pursue a paperless environment since this reduces costs and saves trees. As a result, we encourage file-sharing networks and environments to produce and edit documents in order to reduce the dissemination of hard copy documents. 

 PROPERTY PORTFOLIO INFORMATION 

 At December 31, 2012, we owned a diversified portfolio: 

 · Of 3,013 properties; 

 · With an occupancy rate of 97.2%, or 2,929 properties leased and only 84 properties available for lease; 

 · Leased to 150 different commercial enterprises doing business in 44 separate industries; 

 · Located in 49 states; 

 · With over 37.6 million square feet of leasable space; and 

 · With an average leasable space per property of approximately 12,500 square feet. 

 At December 31, 2012, of our 3,013 properties, 2,913 were leased under net-lease agreements. A net lease typically requires the tenant to be responsible for minimum monthly rent and certain property operating expenses including property taxes, insurance and maintenance. In addition, our tenants are typically subject to future rent increases based on increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), additional rent calculated as a percentage of the tenants’ gross sales above a specified level, or fixed increases. 

 In order to more accurately reflect our exposure to various industries, the following industry table has been modified from similar tables we have prepared in the past to reflect the changes below: 

 · Some properties previously included in the “general merchandise” industry were reclassified to the “dollar stores” industry to better reflect the industry in which the tenant operates; and 

 · The “aviation” industry was renamed “aerospace.” 

 -14- 

 Table of Contents 

 Industry Diversification 

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding Realty Income’s property portfolio classified according to the business of the respective tenants, expressed as a percentage of our total rental revenue: 

 Percentage of Rental Revenue (1) 

 For the Quarter 

 For the Years Ended 

 Ended
 December 31,
 2012 

 Dec 31,
 2012 

 Dec 31,
 2011 

 Dec 31,
 2010 

 Dec 31,
 2009 

 Dec 31,
 2008 

 Dec 31,
 2007 

 Retail Industries 

 Apparel stores 

 2.4 

 % 

 1.7 

 % 

 1.4 

 % 

 1.2 

 % 

 1.1 

 % 

 1.1 

 % 

 1.2 

 % 

 Automotive collision services 

 1.1 

 1.1 

 0.9 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 Automotive parts 

 1.1 

 1.0 

 1.2 

 1.4 

 1.5 

 1.6 

 2.1 

 Automotive service 

 2.9 

 3.1 

 3.7 

 4.7 

 4.8 

 4.8 

 5.2 

 Automotive tire services 

 4.3 

 4.7 

 5.6 

 6.4 

 6.9 

 6.7 

 7.3 

 Book stores 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 Business services 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 0.1 

 Child care 

 4.1 

 4.5 

 5.2 

 6.5 

 7.3 

 7.6 

 8.4 

 Consumer electronics 

 0.5 

 0.5 

 0.5 

 0.6 

 0.7 

 0.8 

 0.9 

 Convenience stores 

 14.9 

 16.3 

 18.5 

 17.1 

 16.9 

 15.8 

 14.0 

 Crafts and novelties 

 0.7 

 0.3 

 0.2 

 0.3 

 0.3 

 0.3 

 0.3 

 Dollar stores 

 4.3 

 2.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Drug stores 

 3.3 

 3.5 

 3.8 

 4.1 

 4.3 

 4.1 

 2.7 

 Education 

 0.6 

 0.7 

 0.7 

 0.8 

 0.9 

 0.8 

 0.8 

 Entertainment 

 0.9 

 0.9 

 1.0 

 1.2 

 1.3 

 1.2 

 1.4 

 Equipment services 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 Financial services 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 General merchandise 

 0.5 

 0.6 

 0.6 

 0.8 

 0.8 

 0.8 

 0.7 

 Grocery stores 

 3.3 

 3.7 

 1.6 

 0.9 

 0.7 

 0.7 

 0.7 

 Health and fitness 

 6.7 

 6.8 

 6.4 

 6.9 

 5.9 

 5.6 

 5.1 

 Home furnishings 

 1.0 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 1.3 

 1.3 

 2.4 

 2.6 

 Home improvement 

 1.3 

 1.5 

 1.7 

 2.0 

 2.2 

 2.1 

 2.4 

 Motor vehicle dealerships 

 2.0 

 2.1 

 2.2 

 2.6 

 2.7 

 3.2 

 3.1 

 Office supplies 

 0.7 

 0.8 

 0.9 

 0.9 

 1.0 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 Pet supplies and services 

 0.5 

 0.6 

 0.7 

 0.9 

 0.9 

 0.8 

 0.9 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 6.7 

 7.3 

 10.9 

 13.4 

 13.7 

 14.3 

 14.9 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 5.7 

 5.9 

 6.6 

 7.7 

 8.3 

 8.2 

 6.6 

 Shoe stores 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.2 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Sporting goods 

 2.3 

 2.5 

 2.7 

 2.7 

 2.6 

 2.3 

 2.6 

 Theaters 

 8.7 

 9.4 

 8.8 

 8.9 

 9.2 

 9.0 

 9.0 

 Transportation services 

 0.1 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 Video rental 

 0.0 

 0.0 

 0.0 

 0.2 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 1.7 

 Wholesale clubs 

 4.4 

 3.2 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 Retail Industries 

 85.6 

 % 

 86.7 

 % 

 88.6 

 % 

 95.4 

 % 

 98.3 

 % 

 98.2 

 % 

 97.8 

 % 

 -15- 

 Table of Contents 

 Industry Diversification (Continued) 

 Percentage of Rental Revenue (1) 

 For the Quarter 

 For the Years Ended 

 Ended
 December 31,
 2012 

 Dec 31,
 2012 

 Dec 31,
 2011 

 Dec 31,
 2010 

 Dec 31,
 2009 

 Dec 31,
 2008 

 Dec 31,
 2007 

 Non-retail Industries 

 Aerospace 

 1.0 

 0.9 

 0.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Beverages 

 4.7 

 5.1 

 5.6 

 3.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Consumer appliances 

 0.3 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Consumer goods 

 0.3 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Diversified industrial 

 0.2 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Equipment services 

 0.5 

 0.3 

 0.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Financial services 

 0.4 

 0.4 

 0.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Food processing 

 1.6 

 1.3 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Insurance 

 0.1 

 * 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Machinery 

 0.3 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Packaging 

 1.0 

 0.7 

 0.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Paper 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Telecommunications 

 0.8 

 0.8 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Transportation services 

 2.1 

 2.2 

 1.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other 

 1.0 

 1.1 

 1.3 

 1.6 

 1.7 

 1.8 

 2.2 

 Non-retail Industries 

 14.4 

 % 

 13.3 

 % 

 11.4 

 % 

 4.6 

 % 

 1.7 

 % 

 1.8 

 % 

 2.2 

 % 

 Totals 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 * Less than 0.1% 

 (1) Includes rental revenue for all properties owned by Realty Income at the end of each period presented, including revenue from properties reclassified as discontinued operations. Excludes revenue from properties owned by Crest. 

 -16- 

 Table of Contents 

 Property Type Diversification 

 The following table sets forth certain property type information regarding Realty Income’s property portfolio as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Approximate 

 Rental Revenue for 

 Percentage of 

 Number of 

 Leasable 

 the Quarter Ended 

 Rental 

 Property Type 

 Properties 

 Square Feet 

 December 31, 2012 (1) 

 Revenue 

 Retail 

 2,941 

 27,520,200 

 $ 111,218 

 84.9 

 % 

 Distribution 

 23 

 5,181,200 

 6,131 

 4.7 

 Agriculture 

 15 

 184,500 

 5,138 

 3.9 

 Manufacturing 

 10 

 3,117,100 

 3,775 

 2.9 

 Office 

 9 

 824,000 

 3,110 

 2.4 

 Industrial 

 15 

 850,500 

 1,570 

 1.2 

 Totals 

 3,013 

 37,677,500 

 $ 130,942 

 100.0 

 % 

 (1) Includes rental revenue for all properties owned by Realty Income at December 31, 2012, including revenue from properties reclassified as discontinued operations of $1,347. Excludes revenue of $24 from properties owned by Crest. 

 Tenant Diversification 

 The largest tenants based on percentage of total portfolio rental revenue at December 31, 2012 include the following: 

 L.A. Fitness 

 5.1% 

 NPC International/Pizza Hut 

 2.3% 

 AMC Theatres 

 4.6% 

 Rite Aid 

 2.2% 

 Family Dollar 

 4.4% 

 Friendly’s Ice Cream 

 2.1% 

 Diageo 

 4.4% 

 Smart & Final 

 2.1% 

 BJ’s Wholesale Clubs 

 4.3% 

 Fed-Ex 

 2.0% 

 Northern Tier Energy/Super America 

 3.8% 

 FreedomRoads/Camping World 

 2.0% 

 Regal Cinemas 

 3.2% 

 National Tire & Battery 

 1.9% 

 The Pantry 

 2.7% 

 -17- 

 Table of Contents 

 Service Category Diversification for our Retail Properties 

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the 2,941 retail properties, included in the 3,013 total properties, owned by Realty Income at December 31, 2012, classified according to the business types and the level of services they provide (dollars in thousands): 

 Retail Industries 

 Number of
 Retail
 Properties 

 Retail
 Rental Revenue for
 the Quarter Ended
 December 31, 2012 (1) 

 Percentage of
 Retail
 Rental
 Revenue 

 Tenants Providing Services 

 Automotive collision services 

 22 

 $ 1,430 

 1.3 

 % 

 Automotive service 

 230 

 3,778 

 3.4 

 Child care 

 229 

 5,308 

 4.8 

 Education 

 15 

 827 

 0.7 

 Entertainment 

 9 

 1,199 

 1.1 

 Equipment services 

 2 

 150 

 0.1 

 Financial services 

 16 

 219 

 0.2 

 Health and fitness 

 53 

 8,801 

 7.9 

 Theaters 

 44 

 11,451 

 10.3 

 Transportation services 

 1 

 187 

 0.2 

 Other 

 14 

 132 

 0.1 

 635 

 33,482 

 30.1 

 Tenants Selling Goods and Services 

 Automotive parts (with installation) 

 27 

 481 

 0.4 

 Automotive tire services 

 158 

 5,642 

 5.1 

 Business services 

 1 

 4 

 * 

 Convenience stores 

 717 

 19,415 

 17.4 

 Motor vehicle dealerships 

 17 

 2,623 

 2.4 

 Pet supplies and services 

 14 

 666 

 0.6 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 305 

 8,199 

 7.4 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 358 

 7,441 

 6.7 

 Video rental 

 3 

 - 

 0.0 

 1,600 

 44,471 

 40.0 

 Tenants Selling Goods 

 Apparel stores 

 20 

 3,197 

 2.9 

 Automotive parts 

 44 

 975 

 0.9 

 Book stores 

 1 

 83 

 0.1 

 Consumer electronics 

 8 

 605 

 0.5 

 Crafts and novelties 

 9 

 883 

 0.8 

 Dollar stores 

 358 

 5,579 

 5.0 

 Drug stores 

 60 

 4,251 

 3.8 

 General merchandise 

 32 

 697 

 0.6 

 Grocery stores 

 57 

 4,379 

 3.9 

 Home furnishings 

 43 

 1,258 

 1.1 

 Home improvement 

 27 

 1,506 

 1.4 

 Office supplies 

 11 

 933 

 0.8 

 Shoe stores 

 1 

 168 

 0.2 

 Sporting goods 

 21 

 2,944 

 2.7 

 Wholesale clubs 

 14 

 5,807 

 5.2 

 706 

 33,265 

 29.9 

 Total Retail Properties 

 2,941 

 $ 111,218 

 100.0 

 % 

 * Less than 0.1% 

 (1) Includes rental revenue for all retail properties owned by Realty Income at December 31, 2012, including revenue from properties reclassified as discontinued operations of $1,347. Excludes revenue of $19,724 from non-retail properties and $24 from properties owned by Crest. 

 -18- 

 Table of Contents 

 Lease Expirations 

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding Realty Income’s property portfolio regarding the timing of the lease term expirations (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) on our 2,913 net leased, single-tenant properties as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Total Portfolio 

 Initial Expirations (3) 

 Subsequent Expirations (4) 

 Year 

 Number
 of Leases
 Expiring (1) 

 Approx.
 Leasable 
 Sq. Feet 

 Rental 
 Revenue 
 for the 
 Quarter 
 Ended 
 Dec. 31,
 2012 (2) 

 % of 
 Total
 Rental
 Revenue 

 Number 
 of Leases
 Expiring 

 Rental
 Revenue 
 for the 
 Quarter
 Ended 
 Dec. 31, 
 2012 

 % of
 Total
 Rental
 Revenue 

 Number
 of Leases
 Expiring 

 Rental
 Revenue 
 for the
 Quarter 
 Ended 
 Dec. 31, 
 2012 

 % of
 Total
 Rental
 Revenue 

 2013 

 157 

 1,209,200 

 $ 3,879 

 3.0 

 % 

 39 

 $1,319 

 1.0 

 % 

 118 

 $ 2,560 

 2.0 

 % 

 2014 

 155 

 1,019,400 

 3,717 

 2.9 

 52 

 1,652 

 1.3 

 103 

 2,065 

 1.6 

 2015 

 161 

 859,500 

 3,690 

 2.9 

 67 

 1,774 

 1.4 

 94 

 1,916 

 1.5 

 2016 

 176 

 1,144,300 

 3,840 

 3.0 

 115 

 2,380 

 1.9 

 61 

 1,460 

 1.1 

 2017 

 165 

 1,940,200 

 5,633 

 4.4 

 44 

 2,902 

 2.3 

 121 

 2,731 

 2.1 

 2018 

 144 

 2,116,600 

 6,411 

 5.0 

 90 

 4,691 

 3.7 

 54 

 1,720 

 1.3 

 2019 

 143 

 1,511,800 

 7,298 

 5.7 

 132 

 6,815 

 5.3 

 11 

 483 

 0.4 

 2020 

 86 

 1,986,500 

 5,455 

 4.2 

 76 

 5,109 

 4.0 

 10 

 346 

 0.2 

 2021 

 163 

 2,353,000 

 8,426 

 6.5 

 155 

 7,916 

 6.1 

 8 

 510 

 0.4 

 2022 

 127 

 3,713,600 

 7,396 

 5.7 

 119 

 7,153 

 5.5 

 8 

 243 

 0.2 

 2023 

 257 

 2,294,400 

 10,634 

 8.3 

 250 

 10,106 

 7.9 

 7 

 528 

 0.4 

 2024 

 62 

 686,900 

 2,764 

 2.1 

 62 

 2,764 

 2.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.0 

 2025 

 253 

 2,707,700 

 13,478 

 10.5 

 248 

 13,363 

 10.4 

 5 

 115 

 0.1 

 2026 

 153 

 2,311,400 

 8,335 

 6.5 

 150 

 8,253 

 6.4 

 3 

 82 

 0.1 

 2027-2043 

 711 

 10,152,200 

 37,694 

 29.3 

 702 

 37,509 

 29.2 

 9 

 185 

 0.1 

 Totals 

 2,913 

 36,006,700 

 $128,650 

 100.0 

 % 

 2,301 

 $113,706 

 88.5 

 % 

 612 

 $ 14,944 

 11.5 

 % 

 (1) Excludes 16 multi-tenant properties and 84 vacant unleased properties, one of which is a multi-tenant property. The lease expirations for properties under construction are based on the estimated date of completion of those properties. 

 (2) Includes rental revenue of $1,347 from properties reclassified as discontinued operations and excludes revenue of $2,292 from 16 multi-tenant properties and from 84 vacant and unleased properties at December 31, 2012. Excludes revenue of $24 from four properties owned by Crest. 

 (3) Represents leases to the initial tenant of the property that are expiring for the first time. 

 (4) Represents lease expirations on properties in the portfolio, which have previously been renewed, extended or re-tenanted. 

 -19- 

 Table of Contents 

 Geographic Diversification 

 The following table sets forth certain state-by-state information regarding Realty Income’s property portfolio as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 State 

 Number of 
 Properties 

 Percent 
 Leased 

 Approximate 
 Leasable 
 Square Feet 

 Rental Revenue for 
 the Quarter Ended 
 December 31, 2012 (1) 

 Percentage of 
 Rental 
 Revenue 

 Alabama 

 71 

 96 

 % 

 500,500 

 $ 1,831 

 1.4 

 % 

 Alaska 

 2 

 100 

 128,500 

 307 

 0.2 

 Arizona 

 96 

 98 

 710,300 

 3,496 

 2.7 

 Arkansas 

 21 

 95 

 135,000 

 340 

 0.3 

 California 

 142 

 100 

 3,821,700 

 18,204 

 13.9 

 Colorado 

 57 

 96 

 497,700 

 1,985 

 1.5 

 Connecticut 

 25 

 92 

 456,500 

 2,037 

 1.6 

 Delaware 

 16 

 100 

 29,500 

 391 

 0.3 

 Florida 

 211 

 98 

 2,229,600 

 8,364 

 6.4 

 Georgia 

 152 

 94 

 1,342,400 

 5,040 

 3.8 

 Hawaii 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Idaho 

 12 

 92 

 80,700 

 329 

 0.3 

 Illinois 

 111 

 99 

 1,428,900 

 6,264 

 4.8 

 Indiana 

 87 

 98 

 858,400 

 3,858 

 2.9 

 Iowa 

 28 

 89 

 1,878,400 

 2,331 

 1.8 

 Kansas 

 67 

 96 

 920,600 

 1,905 

 1.5 

 Kentucky 

 26 

 96 

 202,200 

 733 

 0.6 

 Louisiana 

 44 

 100 

 428,500 

 1,449 

 1.1 

 Maine 

 3 

 100 

 22,500 

 139 

 0.1 

 Maryland 

 30 

 100 

 492,500 

 2,661 

 2.0 

 Massachusetts 

 63 

 92 

 572,700 

 2,279 

 1.7 

 Michigan 

 69 

 100 

 421,900 

 1,579 

 1.2 

 Minnesota 

 151 

 100 

 1,019,000 

 6,807 

 5.2 

 Mississippi 

 77 

 95 

 775,300 

 1,982 

 1.5 

 Missouri 

 78 

 99 

 1,057,800 

 3,861 

 2.9 

 Montana 

 2 

 100 

 30,000 

 77 

 0.1 

 Nebraska 

 22 

 100 

 220,400 

 604 

 0.5 

 Nevada 

 16 

 100 

 333,700 

 1,054 

 0.8 

 New Hampshire 

 17 

 94 

 234,000 

 961 

 0.7 

 New Jersey 

 33 

 94 

 267,300 

 1,941 

 1.5 

 New Mexico 

 19 

 100 

 154,700 

 421 

 0.3 

 New York 

 46 

 98 

 918,900 

 4,614 

 3.5 

 North Carolina 

 99 

 96 

 895,400 

 3,127 

 2.4 

 North Dakota 

 6 

 100 

 36,600 

 78 

 0.1 

 Ohio 

 151 

 97 

 2,192,200 

 5,231 

 4.0 

 Oklahoma 

 57 

 98 

 961,500 

 1,742 

 1.3 

 Oregon 

 20 

 100 

 384,200 

 1,325 

 1.0 

 Pennsylvania 

 105 

 98 

 1,092,500 

 4,740 

 3.6 

 Rhode Island 

 3 

 100 

 11,000 

 37 

 * 

 South Carolina 

 102 

 97 

 564,500 

 2,571 

 2.0 

 South Dakota 

 10 

 100 

 89,800 

 186 

 0.1 

 Tennessee 

 136 

 96 

 1,351,500 

 3,240 

 2.5 

 Texas 

 328 

 97 

 4,271,900 

 12,205 

 9.3 

 Utah 

 9 

 100 

 159,300 

 413 

 0.3 

 Vermont 

 4 

 100 

 12,700 

 133 

 0.1 

 Virginia 

 115 

 97 

 2,429,400 

 5,351 

 4.1 

 Washington 

 34 

 97 

 293,000 

 1,147 

 0.9 

 West Virginia 

 4 

 100 

 87,400 

 134 

 0.1 

 Wisconsin 

 33 

 94 

 653,400 

 1,375 

 1.1 

 Wyoming 

 3 

 100 

 21,100 

 63 

 * 

 Totals/Average 

 3,013 

 97 

 % 

 37,677,500 

 $ 130,942 

 100.0 

 % 

 *Less than 0.1% 

 (1) Includes rental revenue for all properties owned by Realty Income at December 31, 2012, including revenue from properties reclassified as discontinued operations of $1,347. Excludes revenue of $24 from properties owned by Crest. 

 -20- 

 Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This annual report on Form 10-K, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When used in this annual report, the words “estimated”, “anticipated”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include discussions of strategy, plans, or intentions of management. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about Realty Income Corporation, including, among other things: 

 · Our anticipated growth strategies; 

 · Our intention to acquire additional properties and the timing of these acquisitions; 

 · Our intention to sell properties and the timing of these property sales; 

 · Our intention to re-lease vacant properties; 

 · Anticipated trends in our business, including trends in the market for long-term net-leases of freestanding, single-tenant properties; and 

 · Future expenditures for development projects. 

 Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. In particular, some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are: 

 · Our continued qualification as a real estate investment trust; 

 · General business and economic conditions; 

 · Our recent acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc.; 

 · Competition; 

 · Fluctuating interest rates; 

 · Access to debt and equity capital markets; 

 · Continued volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets; 

 · Other risks inherent in the real estate business including tenant defaults, potential liability relating to
 environmental matters, illiquidity of real estate investments, and potential damages from natural disasters; 

 · Impairments in the value of our real estate assets; 

 · Changes in the tax laws of the United States of America; 

 · The outcome of any legal proceedings to which we are a party or which may occur in the future; and 

 · Acts of terrorism and war. 

 Additional factors that may cause risks and uncertainties include those discussed in the sections entitled “Business”, “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report. 

 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date that this annual report was filed with the SEC. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this annual report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events discussed in this annual report might not occur. 

 Item 1A: Risk Factors 

 This “Risk Factors” section contains references to our “capital stock” and to our “stockholders.” Unless expressly stated otherwise, the references to our “capital stock” represent our common stock and any class or series of our preferred stock, while the references to our “stockholders” represent holders of our common stock and any class or series of our preferred stock. 

 -21- 

 Table of Contents 

 In order to grow w e need to continue to acquire investment properties. The acquisition of investment properties may be subject to competitive pressures. 

 We face competition in the acquisition, operation and sale of property. We expect competition from: 

 · Businesses; 

 · Individuals; 

 · Fiduciary accounts and plans; and 

 · Other entities engaged in real estate investment and financing. 

 Some of these competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. This competition may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase. 

 Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. 

 Cash flow from operations depends in part on the ability to lease space to tenants on economically favorable terms. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as: 

 · Lack of demand in areas where our properties are located; 

 · Inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants; 

 · Oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates; 

 · Declines in our tenants’ creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations, the current economic situation and competition within their industries from other operators; 

 · Defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants, failure of tenants to pay rent on a timely basis, or failure of tenants to comply with their contractual obligations; 

 · Economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located; and 

 · Deterioration of physical condition of our properties. 

 At any time, any tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition. As a result, a tenant may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any tenant bankruptcy or insolvency, leasing delay or failure to make rental payments when due could result in the termination of the tenant’s lease and material losses to us. 

 If tenants do not renew their leases as they expire, we may not be able to rent or sell the properties. Furthermore, leases that are renewed, and some new leases for properties that are re-leased, may have terms that are less economically favorable than expiring lease terms, or may require us to incur significant costs, such as renovations, tenant improvements or lease transaction costs. Negative market conditions may cause us to sell vacant properties for less than their carrying value, which could result in impairments. Any of these events could adversely affect cash flow from operations and our ability to make distributions to shareholders and service indebtedness. A significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. In a weakened financial condition, tenants may not be able to pay these costs of ownership and we may be unable to recover these operating expenses from them. 

 Further, the occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from the tenant’s lease or leases. In addition, a bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to terminate its leases with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that most likely would result in rent payments that would be substantially less than the remaining rent we are owed under the leases or we may elect not to pursue claims against the tenant for terminated leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent, if any, may not be paid in full, or at all. Moreover, in the case of a tenant’s leases that are not terminated as a result of its bankruptcy, we may be required or elect to reduce the rent payable under those leases or provide other concessions, reducing amounts we receive under those leases. As a result, tenant bankruptcies may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Any of these events could adversely affect cash from operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders and service indebtedness. 

 -22- 

 Table of Contents 

 Eighty-four of our properties were available for lease or sale at December 31, 2012, all but one of which were single-tenant properties. At December 31, 2012, 32 of our properties under lease were unoccupied and available for sublease by the tenants, all of which were current with their rent and other obligations. During 2012, each of our tenants accounted for less than 10% of our rental revenue. 

 For the fourth quarter of 2012, our tenants in the “convenience stores” industry accounted for 14.9% of our rental revenue. A downturn in this industry, whether nationwide or limited to specific sectors of the United States, could adversely affect tenants in this industry, which in turn could have a material adverse affect on our financial position, results of operations and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock. 

 We believe that the ongoing economic recession has also had an adverse effect on many casual dining restaurants. The impact of bankruptcy filings by any tenants in the casual dining industry could adversely affect us. Individually, each of the other industries in our property portfolio accounted for less than 10% of our rental revenue for the fourth quarter of 2012. Nevertheless, downturns in these other industries could also adversely affect our tenants, which in turn could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions on our common and preferred stock. In addition, we may in the future make additional investments in the “convenience stores” industry, which would increase this industry’s percentage of our rental revenues, thereby increasing the effect that such a downturn in this industry would have on us. 

 In addition, a substantial number of our properties are leased to middle-market retail and other commercial enterprises that generally have more limited financial and other resources than certain upper-market retail and other commercial enterprises, and therefore, they are more likely to be adversely affected by a downturn in their respective businesses or in the regional, national or international economy. 

 Furthermore, we have made and may continue to make selected acquisitions of properties that fall outside our historical focus on freestanding, single-tenant, net-lease retail locations in the United States. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and/or new jurisdictions outside the United States and properties leased to tenants engaged in non-retail businesses. These risks may include a limited knowledge and understanding of the industry in which the tenant operates, limited experience in managing certain types of new properties, new types of real estate locations and lease structures, and the laws and culture of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. 

 The acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. presents certain risks to our business and operations. 

 On January 22, 2013, we completed our acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., or ARCT, in a transaction valued at approximately $3.1 billion. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement, at the effective time of the acquisition, each outstanding share of ARCT common stock was converted into $0.35 of cash and 0.2874 shares of our common stock. In connection with the acquisition, we paid $552.9 million at closing to repay amounts then outstanding and terminated the commitments under ARCT’s revolving credit facility. In conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT in January 2013, we assumed approximately $516.3 million of mortgages payable. With this acquisition, we added 515 properties to our portfolio. 

 The acquisition presents certain risks to our business and operations, including, among other things, the following: 

 · We may encounter difficulties and incur substantial expenses in integrating ARCT’s properties and systems into our operations and systems and, in any event, the integration may require a substantial amount of time on the part of both our management and employees and therefore divert their attention from other aspects of our business; 

 -23- 

 Table of Contents 

 · ARCT’s real estate portfolio includes a number of industries which are new to us, including U.S. General Services Administration assets, as well as tenants in the aerospace, financial services, freight, health care, home maintenance, manufacturing, pharmacy, retail banking, technology and telecommunications businesses; 

 · We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of ARCT, or those benefits may be less than we and securities and industry analysts had anticipated, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities; 

 · Our level of indebtedness has increased in conjunction with the acquisition of ARCT; 

 · Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded portfolio; 

 · The market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities may decline, particularly if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the ARCT acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by securities or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisition on our results of operations and financial condition is not consistent with the expectations of these analysts; 

 · We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue paying dividends on our common stock or preferred stock at the current rates; 

 · If ARCT failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Realty Income may inherit significant tax liabilities, and Realty Income could lose its REIT status should disqualifying activities continue after the acquisition; 

 · We may incur unanticipated capital expenditures in order to maintain or improve the properties and businesses of ARCT; 

 · We may encounter difficulties in managing a substantially larger and more complex business with properties in new geographic areas; 

 · Many of ARCT’s tenants operated in industries where we do not have any prior experience, which may make it difficult for us to evaluate their business and operations, and the ARCT acquisition increased our tenant concentration in certain industries; 

 · We may need to implement or improve internal controls, procedures, policies and systems with respect to ARCT’s properties and businesses, which may require substantial time and expenditure; 

 · We may continue to incur substantial expenses related to the acquisition, including legal, accounting, and financial advisory expenses; 

 · We may be required to recognize write-offs, impairment charges or amortization charges resulting from the ARCT acquisition; and 

 · We may encounter unanticipated or unknown liabilities relating to the acquired businesses and properties. 

 In addition, eight lawsuits were filed in conjunction with the acquisition of ARCT. All of the below actions name as defendants ARCT, members of the ARCT board of directors, Realty Income, and Tau Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Realty Income, or Merger Sub. In each case, the plaintiffs allege that the ARCT directors breached their fiduciary duties to ARCT and/or its stockholders in negotiating and approving the agreement, that the acquisition consideration negotiated in the agreement improperly values ARCT, that the ARCT stockholders will not receive fair value for their ARCT common stock in the acquisition, and that the terms of the agreement impose improper deal-protection devices that purportedly preclude competing offers. The complaints further allege that Realty Income, Merger Sub, and, in some cases, ARCT aided and abetted those alleged breaches of fiduciary duty. The various amended complaints add allegations that disclosures regarding the merger in the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed on October 1, 2012, or the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 6, 2012, are inadequate. Plaintiffs seek 

 -24- 

 Table of Contents 

 injunctive relief, including enjoining or rescinding the acquisition, and an award of other unspecified attorneys’ and other fees and costs, in addition to other relief. Realty Income believes that these actions have no merit and intends to respond to them in due course: 

 Maryland Actions . Since the announcement of the proposed acquisition of ARCT on September 6, 2012, six alleged class actions and/or shareholder derivative actions were filed on behalf of alleged ARCT stockholders and/or ARCT itself in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, under the following captions: Quaal v. American Realty Capital Trust Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005306, filed September 7, 2012; Hill v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005502, filed September 19, 2012; Goldwurm v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005524, filed September 20, 2012; Gordon v. Schorsch, et al. , No. 24-C-12-005571, filed September 21, 2012; Gregor v. Kahane, et al. , No. 24-C-12-005563, filed September 21, 2012; and Rooker v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005924, filed October 5, 2012. On October 23, 2012, defendants moved to dismiss the actions and, on November 8, 2012, moved to stay discovery pending disposition of the motions to dismiss. On November 13, 2012, all plaintiffs except Sydelle Goldwurm filed motions to compel discovery and to expedite discovery. On November 16, 2012, the court consolidated the actions into a single action captioned In re American Capital Realty Trust, Inc. Shareholder Litigation , No. 24-C-12-005306 (the “Maryland State Action”). On November 21, 2012, the court appointed plaintiff Randell Quaal as lead plaintiff and Brower Piven, P.C. as lead counsel for plaintiffs. On December 3, 2012, plaintiff Goldwurm voluntarily dismissed her action in Maryland state court without prejudice. On December 11, 2012, plaintiffs moved for a preliminary injunction and to compel expedited discovery. On December 13, 2012, the court granted defendants’ motion to stay discovery and denied plaintiffs’ motion to expedite discovery. On December 14, 2012, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint, and defendants filed amended motions to dismiss the amended complaint on December 21, 2012. 

 On January 6, 2013, the parties in the Maryland State Action entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding settlement of all claims asserted on behalf of the alleged class of ARCT stockholders. In connection with the settlement contemplated by the memorandum of understanding, the Maryland State Action and all claims asserted in the litigation will be dismissed, subject to court approval. The proposed settlement terms required ARCT to make certain additional disclosures related to the merger, as set forth in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ARCT on January 8, 2013. The parties also agreed that plaintiffs may seek attorneys’ fees and costs in an as-yet undetermined amount, with ARCT to pay such fees and costs if and to the extent they are approved by the Maryland state court. The memorandum of understanding further contemplates that the parties will enter into a stipulation of settlement, which will be subject to customary conditions, including confirmatory discovery and court approval following notice to ARCT’s stockholders. If the parties enter into a stipulation of settlement, a hearing will be scheduled at which the court will consider the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the settlement. There can be no assurance that the parties will ultimately enter into a stipulation of settlement, that the court will approve any proposed settlement, or that any eventual settlement will be under the same terms as those contemplated by the memorandum of understanding. 

 After the Maryland state court denied plaintiff Goldwurm’s motion for appointment of lead plaintiff and lead counsel in the Maryland State Action, plaintiff Goldwurm filed a class action and shareholder derivative action on November 29, 2012, in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, captioned Goldwurm v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 1:12-cv-03516-JKB (the “Maryland Federal Action”). On December 12, 2012, plaintiff Goldwurm moved for expedited discovery. Defendants moved to stay the federal case on December 13, 2012, and moved to dismiss it on December 19, 2012. On January 11, 2013, plaintiff Goldwurm moved for a temporary restraining order seeking to enjoin the shareholder vote on the proposed merger set to take place on January 16, 2013. 

 On January 14, 2013, the parties in the Maryland Federal Action entered into an agreement to settle all claims. In connection with the settlement, on January 25, 2013, the parties agreed to voluntarily dismiss the case with prejudice. On January 28, 2013, the Maryland federal court dismissed the action. 

 New York Actions . Two alleged class actions were filed on behalf of alleged ARCT stockholders in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for New York, New York, under the following captions: The Carol L. Possehl Living Trust v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 653300-2012, filed September 20, 2012; and Salenger v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. et al. , No. 353355-2012, filed September 25, 2012. On October 19, 2012, the court consolidated the actions into a single action captioned In re American Realty Capital Trust Shareholders Litigation , No. 653300-2012 (the “New York Action”) and appointed Robbins Geller Rudman 

 -25- 

 Table of Contents 

 & Dowd LLP as lead counsel for plaintiffs. On October 19, 2012, defendants moved for a stay of proceedings. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on October 23, 2012. On November 9, 2012, the Court granted defendants’ motion to stay the New York Action pending the Maryland state actions. 

 As a property owner, we may be subject to unknown environmental liabilities. 

 Investments in real property can create a potential for environmental liability. An owner of property can face liability for environmental contamination created by the presence or discharge of hazardous substances on the property. We can face such liability regardless of: 

 · Our knowledge of the contamination; 

 · The timing of the contamination; 

 · The cause of the contamination; or 

 · The party responsible for the contamination of the property. 

 There may be environmental problems associated with our properties of which we are unaware. In that regard, a number of our properties are leased to operators of convenience stores that sell petroleum-based fuels, as well as to operators of oil change and tune-up facilities and operators that use chemicals and other waste products. These facilities, and some other of our properties, use, or may have used in the past, underground lifts or underground tanks for the storage of petroleum-based or waste products, which could create a potential for the release of hazardous substances. 

 The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell that property and we may incur substantial remediation costs. Although our leases generally require our tenants to operate in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, and to indemnify us against any environmental liabilities arising from the tenants’ activities on the property, we could nevertheless be subject to strict liability by virtue of our ownership interest. There also can be no assurance that our tenants could or would satisfy their indemnification obligations under their leases. The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to our properties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, our financial condition or our ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness. 

 In addition, several of our properties were built during the period when asbestos was commonly used in building construction and other buildings with asbestos may be acquired by us in the future. Environmental laws govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos-containing materials, or ACMs, and require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, that they adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and that they undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement in the event that asbestos is disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. 

 It is also possible that some of our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation of the problem. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, should our tenants or their employees or customers be exposed to mold at any of our properties we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property, which would reduce our cash available for distribution. In addition, exposure to mold by our tenants or others could expose us to liability if property damage or health concerns arise. 

 Compliance. We have not been notified by any governmental authority, and are not otherwise aware, of any material noncompliance, liability or claim relating to hazardous substances, toxic substances, or petroleum products in connection with any of our properties. In addition, we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with all present federal, state and local laws relating to ACMs. Nevertheless, if environmental contamination should exist, we could be subject to strict liability by virtue of our ownership interest. 

 -26- 

 Table of Contents 

 Insurance and Indemnity. In July 2012, we entered into a ten-year environmental insurance policy which expires in July 2022 and replaced our previous seven-year environmental insurance policy. The limits on our current policy are $10 million per occurrence and $60 million in the aggregate. The limits on the excess policy are $5 million per occurrence and $10 million in the aggregate. Therefore, the primary and excess ten-year policies together provide a total limit of $15 million per occurrence and $70 million in the aggregate. 

 It is possible that our insurance could be insufficient to address any particular environmental situation and that, in the future, we could be unable to obtain insurance for environmental matters at a reasonable cost, or at all. Our tenants are generally responsible for, and indemnify us against, liabilities for environmental matters that occur on our properties. For properties that have underground storage tanks, in addition to providing an indemnity in our favor, the tenants generally obtain environmental insurance or rely upon the state funds in the states where these properties are located to reimburse tenants for environmental remediation. 

 If we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust, the amount of dividends we are able to pay would decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of our capital stock and could adversely affect the value of our debt securities. 

 Commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1994, we believe that we have been organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. However, we cannot assure you that we have been organized or have operated in a manner that has satisfied the requirements for qualification as a REIT, or that we will continue to be organized or operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

 Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements under highly technical and complex Code provisions, for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, as well as the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. 

 For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of our gross income in each year must be derived from qualifying sources, and we must pay distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains). 

 In the future, it is possible that legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT, or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 

 If we fail to satisfy all of the requirements for qualification as a REIT, we may be subject to certain penalty taxes or, in some circumstances, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year: 

 · We would be required to pay federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; 

 · We would not be allowed a deduction in computing our taxable income for amounts distributed to our stockholders; 

 · We could be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost; 

 · We would no longer be required to make distributions to stockholders; and 

 · This treatment would substantially reduce amounts available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability for the years involved, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. 

 Even if we qualify for and maintain our REIT status, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. For example, if we have net income from a prohibited transaction, that income will be subject to a 100% tax. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries, including Crest, are subject to federal and state taxes at the applicable tax rates on their income and property. 

 -27- 

 Table of Contents 

 Distributions requirements imposed by law limit our flexibility. 

 To maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income, excluding net capital gains, each year. We also are subject to tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our taxable income (including net capital gains) each year. 

 In addition, we are subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax to the extent that we fail to distribute during any calendar year at least the sum of 85% of our ordinary income for that calendar year, 95% of our capital gain net income for the calendar year, and any amount of that income that was not distributed in prior years. 

 We intend to continue to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the distribution requirements of the Code as well as to reduce our exposure to federal income taxes and the nondeductible excise tax. Differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses to arrive at taxable income, along with the effect of required debt amortization payments, could require us to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. 

 Future issuances of equity securities could dilute the interest of holders of our common stock. 

 Our future growth will depend, in large part, upon our ability to raise additional capital. If we were to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, we could dilute the interests of holders of our common stock. The interests of our common stockholders could also be diluted by the issuance of shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options or pursuant to stock incentive plans. Likewise, our Board of Directors is authorized to cause us to issue preferred stock of any class or series (with dividend, voting and other rights as determined by the Board of Directors). Accordingly, the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting, dividend and other similar rights that could dilute, or otherwise adversely affect, the interest of holders of our common stock. 

 We are subject to risks associated with debt and capital stock financing. 

 We intend to incur additional indebtedness in the future, including borrowings under our $1 billion acquisition credit facility. At December 31, 2012, we had $158 million of outstanding borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, a total of $2.55 billion of outstanding unsecured senior debt securities and $175.9 million of outstanding mortgage debt. To the extent that new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. As a result, we are and will be subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments on our debt. We also face variable interest rate risk as the interest rate on our acquisition credit facility is variable and could therefore increase over time. We also face the risk that we may be unable to refinance or repay our debt as it comes due. Given past disruptions in the financial markets and the ongoing global financial crisis (which includes concerns that certain European countries may be unable to repay their national debt), we also face the risk that one or more of the participants in our acquisition credit facility may not be able to lend us money. 

 In addition, our acquisition credit facility contains provisions that could limit or, in certain cases, prohibit the payment of distributions on our common stock and preferred stock. In particular, our acquisition credit facility provides that, if an event of default (as defined in the credit facility) exists, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may make any distributions on (except distributions payable in shares of a given class of our stock to the shareholders of that class), or repurchase or redeem, among other things, any shares of our common stock or preferred stock, during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters in an aggregate amount in excess of the greater of: 

 · The sum of (a) 95% of our adjusted funds from operations (as defined by the credit facility agreement) for that period plus (b) the aggregate amount of cash distributions on our preferred stock for that period, and 

 · The minimum amount of cash distributions required to be made to our shareholders in order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, 

 except that we may repurchase or redeem preferred stock with the net proceeds from the issuance of our common stock or preferred stock. The acquisition credit facility further provides that, in the event of a failure to pay principal, interest or any other amount payable thereunder when due or upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to us or with respect to any of our subsidiaries 

 -28- 

 Table of Contents 

 that have guaranteed amounts payable under the credit facility or that meet a significance test set forth in the credit facility, we and our subsidiaries may not pay any distributions on (except distributions payable in shares of a given class of our stock to the shareholders of that class), or repurchase or redeem, among other things, any shares of our common stock or preferred stock. If any such event of default under our acquisition credit facility were to occur, it would likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of our outstanding common and preferred stock and on the market value of our debt securities, could limit the amount of distributions payable on our common stock and preferred stock or prevent us from paying those distributions altogether, and may adversely affect our ability to qualify, or prevent us from qualifying, as a REIT. 

 Our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to holders of our common and preferred stock, including: 

 · Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

 · Limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

 · Requiring the use of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements; 

 · Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and 

 · Putting us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness. 

 If we default under a mortgage loan, we will automatically be in default of any other loan that has cross-default provisions, and we may lose the properties securing these loans. 

 Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. 

 Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. 

 The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors. 

 The market value of our capital stock and debt securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including: 

 · Prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market value of our capital stock and debt securities; 

 · The market for similar securities issued by other REITs; 

 · General economic and financial market conditions; 

 · The financial condition, performance and prospects of us, our tenants and our competitors; 

 · Changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us, our competitors or our industry; 

 · Changes in our credit ratings; and 

 · Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors. 

 In addition, over the last several years, prices of common stock and debt securities in the U.S. trading markets have been experiencing extreme price fluctuations, and the market values of our common stock and debt securities have also fluctuated significantly during this period. As a result of these and other factors, investors who purchase our capital stock and debt securities may experience a decrease, which could be substantial and rapid, in the market value of our capital stock and debt securities, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 

 -29- 

 Table of Contents 

 Real estate ownership is subject to particular economic conditions that may have a negative impact on our revenue. 

 We are subject to all of the inherent risks associated with the ownership of real estate. In particular, we face the risk that rental revenue from our properties may be insufficient to cover all corporate operating expenses, debt service payments on indebtedness we incur and distributions on our capital stock. Additional real estate ownership risks include: 

 · 

 Adverse changes in general or local economic conditions; 

 · 

 Changes in supply of, or demand for, similar or competing properties; 

 · 

 Changes in interest rates and operating expenses; 

 · 

 Competition for tenants; 

 · 

 Changes in market rental rates; 

 · 

 Inability to lease properties upon termination of existing leases; 

 · 

 Renewal of leases at lower rental rates; 

 · 

 Inability to collect rents from tenants due to financial hardship, including bankruptcy; 

 · 

 Changes in tax, real estate, zoning and environmental laws that may have an adverse impact upon the value of real estate; 

 · 

 Uninsured property liability; 

 · 

 Property damage or casualty losses; 

 · 

 Unexpected expenditures for capital improvements or to bring properties into compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws; 

 · 

 The need to periodically renovate and repair our properties; 

 · 

 Physical or weather-related damage to properties; 

 · 

 The potential risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time; 

 · 

 Acts of terrorism and war; and 

 · 

 Acts of God and other factors beyond the control of our management. 

 An uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds the policy limits on our properties could subject us to lost capital or revenue on those properties. 

 Under the terms and conditions of the leases currently in force on our properties, tenants generally are required to indemnify and hold us harmless from liabilities resulting from injury to persons, air, water, land or property, due to activities conducted on the properties, except for claims arising from the negligence or intentional misconduct of us or our agents. Additionally, tenants are generally required, at the tenant’s expense, to obtain and keep in full force during the term of the lease, liability and property damage insurance policies. The insurance policies our tenants are required to maintain for property damage are generally in amounts not less than the full replacement cost of the improvements less slab, foundations, supports and other customarily excluded improvements. Our tenants are generally required to maintain general liability coverage varying between $1,000,000 and $10,000,000 depending on the tenant and the industry in which the tenant operates. 

 In addition to the indemnities and required insurance policies identified above, many of our properties are also covered by flood and earthquake insurance policies (subject to substantial deductibles) obtained and paid for by the tenants as part of their risk management programs. Additionally, we have obtained blanket liability, flood and earthquake (subject to substantial deductibles) and property damage insurance policies to protect us and our properties against loss should the indemnities and insurance policies provided by the tenants fail to restore the properties to their condition prior to a loss. However, should a loss occur that is uninsured or in an amount exceeding the combined aggregate limits for the policies noted above, or in the event of a loss that is subject to a substantial deductible under an insurance policy, we could lose all or part of our capital invested in, and anticipated revenue from, one or more of the properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and on our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. Given the recent disruptions in the insurance industry, we also face the risk that our insurance carriers may not be able to provide payment under any potential claims that might arise under the terms of our insurance policies, and we may not have the ability to purchase insurance policies we desire. 

 -30- 

 Table of Contents 

 Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and fire, safety, and other regulations may require us to make unintended expenditures that could adversely impact our results of operations. 

 Our properties are generally required to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or the ADA. The ADA has separate compliance requirements for “public accommodations” and “commercial facilities,” but generally requires that buildings be made accessible to people with disabilities. Compliance with the ADA requirements could require removal of access barriers and non-compliance could result in imposition of fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages to private litigants. The retailers to whom we lease properties are obligated by law to comply with the ADA provisions, and we believe that these retailers may be obligated to cover costs associated with compliance. If required changes involve greater expenditures than anticipated, or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of these retailers to cover costs could be adversely affected and we could be required to expend our own funds to comply with the provisions of the ADA, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, we are required to operate our properties in compliance with fire and safety regulations, building codes and other land use regulations, as they may be adopted by governmental agencies and bodies and become applicable to our properties. We may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to comply with those requirements and these expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. 

 Property taxes may increase without notice. 

 The real property taxes on our properties and any other properties that we develop or acquire in the future may increase as property tax rates change and as those properties are assessed or reassessed by tax authorities. 

 We depend on key personnel. 

 We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of our executive officers and key employees could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and on our ability to pay the principal and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. It is possible that we will not be able to recruit additional personnel with equivalent experience in the net-lease industry. 

 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the value of our debt and equity securities, the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. 

 Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations, the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. There can be no assurance that there will not be further terrorist attacks against the United States or U.S. businesses. These attacks, or armed conflicts, may directly impact our physical facilities or the businesses of our tenants. 

 If events like these were to occur, they could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and economy. They also could result in or prolong an economic recession in the U.S. or abroad. Any of these occurrences could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results and revenues and on the market price of our capital stock and on the value of our debt securities. It could also have an adverse effect on our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt securities or other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. 

 Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the market price of our common stock. 

 Over the last several years, the United States stock and credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of many stocks and debt securities to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. In addition, the ongoing global financial crisis (which includes concerns that certain European countries may be unable to pay their national debt) has had a similar effect. These circumstances have materially impacted liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings less attractive, and in certain cases have resulted in the unavailability of certain types of financing. Unrest in certain Middle Eastern countries and resultant fluctuation in petroleum prices have added to the uncertainty in the capital markets. Continued uncertainty in the stock and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional financing at 

 -31- 

 Table of Contents 

 reasonable terms, which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of financing or difficulties in obtaining financing. These events in the stock and credit markets may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of our common stock or preferred stock or debt securities. These disruptions in the financial markets also may have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, the income we receive from our properties and the lease rates we can charge for our properties, as well as other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy in general. 

 Inflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Although inflation has not materially impacted our results of operations in the recent past, increased inflation could have a more pronounced negative impact on any variable rate debt we incur in the future and on our results of operations. During times when inflation is greater than increases in rent, as provided for in our leases, rent increases may not keep up with the rate of inflation. Likewise, even though net leases reduce our exposure to rising property expenses due to inflation, substantial inflationary pressures and increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect the tenants’ ability to pay rent. 

 Current volatility in market and economic conditions may impact the accuracy of the various estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements and footnotes to the financial statements. 

 Various estimates are used in the preparation of our financial statements, including estimates related to asset and liability valuations (or potential impairments), and various receivables. Often these estimates require the use of market data values which are currently difficult to assess, as well as estimates of future performance or receivables collectability which can also be difficult to accurately predict. Although management believes it has been prudent and used reasonable judgment in making these estimates, it is possible that actual results may differ from these estimates. 

 Changes in accounting standards may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

 The SEC is currently considering whether issuers in the U.S. should be required to prepare financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, instead of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. IFRS is a comprehensive set of accounting standards promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB, which are rapidly gaining worldwide acceptance. If the SEC decides to require IFRS, it expects that U.S. issuers would first report under the new standards beginning in approximately 2015 or later, although the timeframe has not been finalized. Additionally, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, is considering various changes to GAAP, some of which may be significant, as part of a joint effort with the IASB to converge accounting standards. Although the FASB and IASB currently have a project on their agenda to examine the accounting for leases, the project may not result in the issuance of a final standard or a standard that would be comparable to current GAAP. If IFRS is adopted, the potential issues associated with lease accounting, along with other potential changes associated with the adoption or convergence with IFRS, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Item 1B: Unresolved Staff comments 

 There are no unresolved staff comments. 

 Item 2: Properties 

 Information pertaining to our properties can be found under Item 1. 

 -32- 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 3: Legal Proceedings 

 We are subject to certain claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which cannot be determined at this time. In the opinion of management, any liability we might incur upon the resolution of these claims and lawsuits will not, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 The information contained in note 4.C., “Litigation”, of our notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. Except as set forth therein, there have been no material legal proceedings for the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 

 None. 

 PART II 

 Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 A. Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “O.” The following table shows the high and low sales prices per share for our common stock as reported by the NYSE, and distributions declared per share of common stock for the periods indicated. 

 Price Per Share 

 of Common Stock 

 Distributions 

 High 

 Low 

 Declared (1) 

 2012 

 First quarter 

 $ 39.03 

 $ 34.31 

 $ 0.4368125 

 Second quarter 

 41.89 

 36.88 

 0.4377500 

 Third quarter 

 44.17 

 40.35 

 0.4486875 

 Fourth quarter 

 41.70 

 37.35 

 0.4546250 

 Total 

 $ 1.777875 

 2011 

 First quarter 

 $ 36.12 

 $ 33.40 

 $ 0.4330625 

 Second quarter 

 36.35 

 32.19 

 0.4340000 

 Third quarter 

 35.03 

 27.95 

 0.4349375 

 Fourth quarter 

 35.76 

 29.79 

 0.4358750 

 Total 

 $ 1.7378750 

 (1) Common stock cash distributions currently are declared monthly by us based on financial results for the prior months. At December 31, 2012, a distribution of $0.15175 per common share had been declared and was paid in January 2013. 

 There were 8,128 registered holders of record of our common stock as of December 31, 2012. We estimate that our total number of shareholders is over 115,000 when we include both registered and beneficial holders of our common stock. 

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, no shares of stock were withheld for state and federal payroll taxes on the vesting of stock awards, as permitted under the 2012 Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation. 

 -33- 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 6: Selected Financial Data 

 (not covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm) 

 (dollars in thousands, except for per share data) 

 As of or for the years ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Total assets (book value) 

 $ 5,443,363 

 $ 4,419,389 

 $ 3,535,590 

 $ 2,914,787 

 $ 2,994,179 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 5,248 

 4,165 

 17,607 

 10,026 

 46,815 

 Total debt 

 2,883,868 

 2,055,181 

 1,600,000 

 1,354,600 

 1,370,000 

 Total liabilities 

 3,030,569 

 2,164,535 

 1,688,625 

 1,426,778 

 1,439,518 

 Total stockholders’ equity 

 2,412,794 

 2,254,854 

 1,846,965 

 1,488,009 

 1,554,661 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 326,469 

 298,952 

 243,368 

 226,707 

 246,155 

 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

 1,083 

 (13,442 

 ) 

 7,581 

 (36,789 

 ) 

 (146,286 

 ) 

 Total revenue 

 475,510 

 410,252 

 333,437 

 311,965 

 310,813 

 Income from continuing operations 

 145,971 

 144,625 

 115,201 

 112,596 

 100,979 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 13,181 

 12,407 

 15,583 

 18,531 

 30,862 

 Net income 

 159,152 

 157,032 

 130,784 

 131,127 

 131,841 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 (40,918 

 ) 

 (24,253 

 ) 

 (24,253 

 ) 

 (24,253 

 ) 

 (24,253 

 ) 

 Excess of redemption value over carrying value of preferred shares redeemed 

 (3,696 

 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 114,538 

 132,779 

 106,531 

 106,874 

 107,588 

 Cash distributions paid to common stockholders 

 236,348 

 219,297 

 182,500 

 178,008 

 169,655 

 Basic and diluted net income per common share 

 0.86 

 1.05 

 1.01 

 1.03 

 1.06 

 Cash distributions paid per common share 

 1.771625 

 1.736625 

 1.721625 

 1.706625 

 1.662250 

 Cash distributions declared per common share 

 1.777875 

 1.737875 

 1.722875 

 1.707875 

 1.667250 

 Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

 132,817,472 

 126,142,696 

 105,869,637 

 103,577,507 

 101,178,191 

 Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

 132,884,933 

 126,189,399 

 105,942,721 

 103,581,053 

 101,209,883 

 -34- 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 GENERAL 

 Realty Income, The Monthly Dividend Company ® , is a publicly traded real estate company with the primary business objective of generating dependable monthly cash dividends from a consistent and predictable level of cash flow from operations. Our monthly distributions or dividends are supported by the cash flow from our portfolio of properties leased to commercial enterprises. We have in-house acquisition, leasing, legal, credit research, real estate research, portfolio management and capital markets expertise. Over the past 44 years, Realty Income and its predecessors have been acquiring and owning freestanding commercial properties that generate rental revenue under long-term lease agreements. 

 In 1994, Realty Income was listed upon the New York Stock Exchange and we elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, requiring us to distribute dividends to our stockholders aggregating at least 90% of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains). 

 We seek to increase distributions to stockholders and FFO per share through both active portfolio management and the acquisition of additional properties. 

 At December 31, 2012, we owned a diversified portfolio: 

 · Of 3,013 properties; 

 · With an occupancy rate of 97.2%, or 2,929 properties leased and only 84 properties available for lease; 

 · Leased to 150 different commercial enterprises doing business in 44 separate industries; 

 · Located in 49 states; 

 · With over 37.6 million square feet of leasable space; and 

 · With an average leasable space per property of approximately 12,500 square feet. 

 Of the 3,013 properties in the portfolio, 2,996, or 99.4%, are single-tenant properties, and the remaining 17 are multi-tenant properties. At December 31, 2012, of the 2,996 single-tenant properties, 2,913 were leased with a weighted average remaining lease term (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) of approximately 11.0 years. 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

 Capital Philosophy 

 Historically, we have met our long-term capital needs by issuing common stock, preferred stock and long-term unsecured notes and bonds. Over the long term, we believe that common stock should be the majority of our capital structure. However, we may issue additional preferred stock or debt securities from time to time. We may issue common stock when we believe that our share price is at a level that allows for the proceeds of any offering to be accretively invested into additional properties. In addition, we may issue common stock to permanently finance properties that were financed by our credit facility or debt securities. However, we cannot assure you that we will have access to the capital markets at times and at terms that are acceptable to us. 

 Our primary cash obligations, for the current year and subsequent years, are included in the “Table of Obligations,” which is presented later in this section. We expect to fund our operating expenses and other short-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and development costs, payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, property improvements, re-leasing costs and cash distributions to common and preferred stockholders, primarily through cash provided by operating activities, borrowing on our $1 billion credit facility and occasionally through public securities offerings. 

 -35- 

 Table of Contents 

 Conservative Capital Structure 

 We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet and solid interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. At December 31, 2012, our total outstanding borrowings of senior unsecured notes and bonds, mortgages payable and credit facility borrowings were $2.88 billion, or approximately 32.5% of our total market capitalization of $8.88 billion. 

 We define our total market capitalization at December 31, 2012 as the sum of: 

 · 

 Shares of our common stock outstanding of 133,452,411 multiplied by the last reported sales price of our common stock on the NYSE of $40.21 per share on December 31, 2012, or $5.37 billion; 

 · 

 Aggregate liquidation value (par value of $25.00 per share) of the Class E preferred stock of $220 million; 

 · 

 Aggregate liquidation value (par value of $25.00 per share) of the Class F preferred stock of $408.8 million; 

 · 

 Outstanding borrowings of $158.0 million on our credit facility; 

 · 

 Outstanding mortgages payable of $175.9 million; and 

 · 

 Outstanding senior unsecured notes and bonds of $2.55 billion. 

 At the close of the acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., or ARCT, on January 22, 2013, our total market capitalization increased to over $12 billion. 

 Notes Receivable 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had $63.2 million in notes receivable, which are secured by the properties on which the note receivables were placed. Included in this amount are $35.1 million of notes receivable acquired in 2012, $8.8 million of notes receivable acquired in 2011, $18.9 million of notes receivable held by our wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, Crest, and $0.4 million of notes receivable from a property sale. 

 Mortgage Debt 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had $165.9 million of mortgages payable, which were assumed in connection with our property acquisitions in 2012 and 2011. Additionally, at December 31, 2012, we had net premiums totaling $9.9 million on these mortgages. During 2012, we paid $11.7 million in principal payments, which includes $10.7 million to pay off one mortgage in March 2012. In conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT in January 2013, we assumed approximately $516.3 million of mortgages payable. 

 We expect to pay off the mortgages payable as soon as prepayment penalties and costs make it economically feasible to do so. We intend to continue our policy of primarily identifying property acquisitions that are free from mortgage indebtedness. 

 $1 Billion Acquisition Credit Facility 

 In May 2012, we entered into a new $1 billion unsecured acquisition credit facility, which replaced our $425 million acquisition credit facility that was scheduled to expire in March 2014. The initial term of the new credit facility expires in May 2016 and includes, at our option, a one-year extension. Under this new credit facility, our current investment grade credit ratings provide for financing at the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly referred to as LIBOR, plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% over LIBOR. The borrowing rate is not subject to an interest rate floor or ceiling. We also have other interest rate options available to us. Our credit facility is unsecured and, accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for this obligation. At December 31, 2012, we had a borrowing capacity of $842 million available on our credit facility (subject to customary conditions to borrowing) and an outstanding balance of $158 million. The interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our new credit facility, at December 31, 2012, was 1.3% per annum. We must comply with various financial and other covenants in our credit facility. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 We expect to use our credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other corporate purposes. Any additional borrowings will increase our exposure to interest rate risk. We have the right to request an increase in the borrowing capacity of the credit facility, up to $500 million, to a total borrowing capacity of $1.5 billion. Any increase in the borrowing capacity is subject to approval by the lending banks participating in our credit facility. 

 -36- 

 Table of Contents 

 Cash Reserves 

 We are organized to operate as an equity REIT that acquires and leases properties and distributes to stockholders, in the form of monthly cash distributions, a substantial portion of our net cash flow generated from leases on our properties. We intend to retain an appropriate amount of cash as working capital. At December 31, 2012, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $5.2 million. 

 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. We intend, however, to use additional sources of capital to fund property acquisitions and to repay future borrowings under our credit facility. 

 Acquisitions During 2012 

 During 2012, Realty Income invested $1.16 billion in real estate, acquiring 423 properties, and properties under development, with an initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 7.2%. The majority of the lease revenue from these properties is generated from investment grade tenants. These 423 properties, and properties under development, are located in 37 states, will contain over 10.5 million leasable square feet, and are 100% leased with an average lease term of 14.6 years. The tenants of the 423 properties acquired operate in 23 industries: aerospace, apparel stores, automotive collision services, automotive parts, consumer appliances, consumer goods, convenience stores, crafts and novelties, diversified industrial, dollar stores, drug stores, equipment services, food processing, health and fitness, insurance, machinery, motor vehicle dealerships, packaging, paper, restaurants – quick service, theaters, transportation services, and wholesale clubs. None of the investments in these properties caused any one tenant to be 10% or more of our total assets at December 31, 2012. 

 The initial weighted average contractual lease rate is computed as estimated contractual net operating income (in a net-leased property that is equal to the aggregate base rent or, in the case of a property under development, the estimated base rent) for the first year of each lease, divided by the estimated total cost of the properties. Since it is possible that a tenant could default on the payment of contractual rent, we cannot provide assurance that the actual return on the funds invested will remain at the percentages listed above. 

 Of the $1.16 billion Realty Income invested in 2012, approximately $35.1 million was used to originate a note receivable, which is secured by the properties on which the note receivable was placed. 

 During 2012, Crest invested $890,000 in one property in the restaurant – casual industry. 

 January 2013 Acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. 

 On January 22, 2013, we completed our acquisition of ARCT, in a transaction valued at approximately $3.1 billion. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 6, 2012, as amended on January 6, 2013, at the effective time of the acquisition, each outstanding share of ARCT common stock was converted into the right to receive a combination of: (i) $0.35 in cash and (ii) 0.2874 shares of our common stock. In connection with the acquisition, at the closing we terminated and repaid the amounts then outstanding of approximately $552.9 million under ARCT’s revolving credit facility and term loan. In conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT in January 2013, we assumed approximately $516.3 million of mortgages payable. With this acquisition, we added 515 properties to our portfolio. Through 2012, we have incurred $7.9 million of merger costs. We anticipate that the total merger costs will be approximately $19 million. 

 In January 2013, in conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT, we entered into a $70 million senior unsecured term loan maturing January 21, 2018. Borrowing under the term loan bears interest at LIBOR, plus 1.20%. In conjunction with this term loan, we also acquired an interest rate swap which essentially fixes our per annum interest rate on the term loan at 2.15%. 

 -37- 

 Table of Contents 

 Portfolio Discussion 

 Leasing Results 

 At December 31, 2012, we had 84 properties available for lease out of 3,013 properties in our portfolio, which represents a 97.2% occupancy rate. Since December 31, 2011, when we reported 87 properties available for lease and a 96.7% occupancy rate, we: 

 · Leased 47 properties; 

 · Sold 20 properties available for lease; and 

 · Have 64 new properties available for lease. 

 During 2012, 124 properties with expiring leases were leased to either existing or new tenants. The rent on these leases was $10.6 million, as compared to the previous rent on these same properties of $10.9 million. At December 31, 2012, our average annualized rental revenue per square foot was approximately $14.56 per square foot on the 2,929 leased properties in our portfolio. At December 31, 2012, we classified 14 properties with a carrying amount of $19.2 million as held for sale on our balance sheet. 

 Investments in Existing Properties 

 In 2012, we capitalized costs of $6.6 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.62 million for re-leasing costs and $4.93 million for building and tenant improvements. In 2011, we capitalized costs of $4.2 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.7 million for re-leasing costs and $2.5 million for building improvements. 

 As part of our re-leasing costs, we pay leasing commissions and sometimes provide tenant rent concessions. Leasing commissions are paid based on the commercial real estate industry standard and any rent concessions provided are minimal. We do not consider the collective impact of the leasing commissions or tenant rent concessions to be material to our financial position or results of operations. 

 The majority of our building and tenant improvements are related to roof repairs, HVAC improvements, and parking lot resurfacing and replacements. It is not customary for us to offer significant tenant improvements on our properties as tenant incentives. The amounts of our capital expenditures can vary significantly, depending on the rental market, credit worthiness, and the willingness of tenants to pay higher rents over the terms of the leases. 

 Impact of Real Estate and Credit Markets 

 In the commercial real estate market, property prices generally continue to fluctuate. Likewise, during certain periods, the U.S. credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which may impact our access to and cost of capital. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. See our discussion of “Risk Factors” in this annual report. 

 Increases in Monthly Dividends to Common Stockholders 

 We continue our 44-year policy of paying monthly dividends. Monthly dividends per common share increased by $0.0003125 in April 2012 to $0.1458125, increased by $0.0003125 in July 2012 to $0.146125, increased by $0.005 in September 2012 to $0.151125, increased by $0.0003125 in October 2012 to $0.1514375, increased by $0.0003125 in January 2013 to $0.15175, and increased by $0.0291667 in February 2013 to $0.1809167. The increase in January 2013 was our 61 st consecutive quarterly increase and the increase in February 2013 was our 70 th increase in the amount of our dividend since our listing on the NYSE in 1994. In 2012, we paid three monthly cash dividends per common share in the amount of $0.1455, three in the amount of $0.1458125, two in the amount of $0.146125, one in the amount of $0.151125, and three in the amount of $0.1514375 totaling $1.771625. In December 2012, we declared dividends of $0.15175 per share, which were paid in January 2013. In January 2013 and February 2013, we declared dividends of $0.1809167 per share, which will be paid in February 2013 and March 2013, respectively. 

 -38- 

 Table of Contents 

 The current monthly dividend of $0.1809167 per share represents a current annualized dividend of $2.171 per share, and an annualized dividend yield of approximately 5.0% based on the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE of $43.40 on February 1, 2013. Although we expect to continue our policy of paying monthly dividends, we cannot guarantee that we will maintain our current level of dividends, that we will continue our pattern of increasing dividends per share, or what our actual dividend yield will be in any future period. 

 Note Issuance 

 In October 2012, we issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior unsecured notes due January 2018, or the 2018 Notes, and $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior unsecured notes due October 2022, or the 2022 Notes. The price to the investors for the 2018 Notes was 99.910% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 2.017% per annum. The price to the investors for the 2022 Notes was 99.382% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 3.323% per annum. The total net proceeds of approximately $790.1 million from these offerings were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include additional property acquisitions. 

 Universal Shelf Registration 

 In October 2012, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which is effective for a term of three years and will expire in October 2015. This replaces our prior shelf registration statement. In accordance with SEC rules, the amount of securities to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific dollar limit. The securities covered by this registration statement include (1) common stock, (2) preferred stock, (3) debt securities, (4) depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of preferred stock, (5) warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares, and (6) any combination of these securities. We may periodically offer one or more of these securities in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if the securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. 

 Environmental Insurance Policies 

 In July 2012, we entered into new ten-year environmental primary and excess insurance policies that expire in July 2022. The limits on our new primary policy are $10 million per occurrence and $60 million in the aggregate. The limits on the excess policy are $5 million per occurrence and $10 million in the aggregate. Therefore, the primary and excess ten-year policies together provide a total limit of $15 million per occurrence and $70 million in the aggregate. 

 Authorized Shares 

 In June 2012, our stockholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of our common stock to 370,100,000 and the number of authorized shares of our preferred stock to 69,900,000. 

 2012 Incentive Award Plan 

 In March 2012, our Board of Directors adopted, and in May 2012, our stockholders approved the Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan, or the 2012 Plan, to enable us to attract and retain the services of directors, employees and consultants considered essential to our long-term success. The 2012 Plan offers our directors, employees and consultants an opportunity to own stock in Realty Income or rights that will reflect our growth, development and financial success. The 2012 Plan replaced the 2003 Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (as amended and restated February 21, 2006), which was set to expire in March 2013. 

 Issuances and Redemption of Preferred Stock 

 In February 2012, we issued 14.95 million shares of our 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a price of $25.00 per share, including 1.95 million shares purchased by the underwriters upon the exercise of their overallotment option. In April 2012, we issued an additional 1.4 million shares of our Class F preferred stock at a price $25.2863 per share. Of the aggregate net proceeds of approximately $395.4 million from these issuances, $127.5 million was used to redeem all of our outstanding 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and the balance was used to repay 

 -39- 

 Table of Contents 

 borrowings under our credit facility. The dividend rate difference of 0.75% between the Class D and Class F preferred stock provides us savings of $956,000 annually on the Class D redemption amount of $127.5 million. Beginning February 15, 2017, the Class F preferred shares are redeemable at our option, for $25.00 per share. The initial dividend of $0.1702257 per share was paid on March 15, 2012, and covered 37 days. Thereafter, dividends of $0.138021 per share will be paid monthly, in arrears. 

 We redeemed all of the 5.1 million shares of our 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock in March 2012 for $25.00 per share, plus accrued dividends. We incurred a charge of $3.7 million, representing the Class D preferred stock original issuance costs that we paid in 2004. 

 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 In March 2011, we established a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, or the DSPP, to provide our common shareholders, as well as new investors, with a convenient and economical method of purchasing our common stock and reinvesting their distributions. The DSPP also allows our current stockholders to buy additional shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of their distributions. The DSPP authorizes up to 6,000,000 common shares to be issued. During 2012, we issued 55,598 shares and raised approximately $2.2 million under the DSPP. From the inception of the DSPP through December 31, 2012, we have issued 115,203 shares and raised approximately $4.2 million. 

 Credit Agency Ratings 

 The borrowing interest rates under our credit facility are based upon our credit ratings. We are currently assigned the following investment grade corporate credit ratings on our senior unsecured notes and bonds: Fitch Ratings has assigned a rating of BBB+ with a “stable” outlook, Moody’s Investors Service has assigned a rating of Baa1 with a “negative” outlook, and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group has assigned a rating of BBB with a “stable outlook” to our senior notes. 

 Based on our current ratings, the credit facility interest rate is LIBOR plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% over LIBOR. The credit facility provides that the interest rate can range between: (i) LIBOR plus 1.85% if our credit facility is lower than BBB-/Baa3 and (ii) LIBOR plus 1.00% if our credit rating is A-/A3 or higher. In addition, our credit facility provides for a facility commitment fee based on our credit ratings, which range from: (i) 0.45% for a rating lower than BBB-/Baa3, and (ii) 0.15% for a credit rating of A-/A3 or higher. 

 We also issue senior debt securities from time to time and our credit ratings can impact the interest rates charged in those transactions. In addition, if our credit ratings or ratings outlook change, our cost to obtain debt financing could increase or decrease. 

 The credit ratings assigned to us could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies and we cannot assure you that our ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. Moreover, a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. 

 Notes Outstanding 

 Our senior unsecured note and bond obligations consist of the following as of December 31, 2012, sorted by maturity date (dollars in millions): 

 5.375% notes, issued in March 2003 and due in March 2013 

 $ 

 100 

 5.5% notes, issued in November 2003 and due in November 2015 

 150 

 5.95% notes, issued in September 2006 and due in September 2016 

 275 

 5.375% notes, issued in September 2005 and due in September 2017 

 175 

 2.00% notes, issued in October 2012 and due in January 2018 

 350 

 6.75% notes, issued in September 2007 and due in August 2019 

 550 

 5.75% notes, issued in June 2010 and due in January 2021 

 250 

 3.25% notes, issued in October 2012 and due in October 2022 

 450 

 5.875% bonds, $100 issued in March 2005 and $150 issued in June 2011, both due in March 2035 

 250 

 $ 

 2,550 

 -40- 

 Table of Contents 

 All of our outstanding notes and bonds have fixed interest rates. Interest on all of our senior note and bond obligations is paid semiannually. All of these notes and bonds contain various covenants, including: (i) a limitation on incurrence of any debt which would cause our debt to total adjusted assets ratio to exceed 60%; (ii) a limitation on incurrence of any secured debt which would cause our secured debt to total adjusted assets ratio to exceed 40%; (iii) a limitation on incurrence of any debt which would cause our debt service coverage ratio to be less than 1.5 times; and (iv) the maintenance at all times of total unencumbered assets not less than 150% of our outstanding unsecured debt. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 In March 2013, we expect to repay $100 million of our 5.375% notes by utilizing our credit facility. 

 The following is a summary of the key financial covenants for our senior unsecured notes, as defined and calculated per the terms of our notes. These calculations, which are not based on U.S. GAAP measurements, are presented to investors to show our ability to incur additional debt under the terms of our notes only and are not measures of our liquidity or performance. The actual amounts as of December 31, 2012 are: 

 Note Covenants 

 Required 

 Actual 

 Limitation on incurrence of total debt 

 < 60% of adjusted assets 

 47.6% 

 Limitation on incurrence of secured debt 

 < 40% of adjusted assets 

 2.9% 

 Debt service coverage (trailing 12 months) 

 > 1.5 x 

 3.6 x 

 Maintenance of total unencumbered assets 

 > 150% of unsecured debt 

 214.4% 

 The following table summarizes the maturity of each of our obligations as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in millions): 

 Table of Obligations 

 Ground 

 Ground 

 Leases 

 Leases 

 Notes 

 Paid by 

 Paid by 

 Year of 

 Credit 

 and 

 Mortgages 

 Realty 

 Our 

 Maturity 

 Facility 

 (1) 

 Bonds 

 Payable (2) 

 Interest (3) 

 Income 

 (4) 

 Tenants 

 (5) 

 Other (6) 

 Totals 

 2013 

 $ -- 

 $ 100.0 

 $ 23.1 

 $ 138.9 

 $ 0.2 

 $ 4.3 

 $ -- 

 $ 266.5 

 2014 

 -- 

 -- 

 13.7 

 132.8 

 0.2 

 4.1 

 16.9 

 167.7 

 2015 

 -- 

 150.0 

 26.1 

 130.5 

 0.2 

 4.1 

 -- 

 310.9 

 2016 

 158.0 

 275.0 

 14.4 

 127.0 

 0.2 

 4.0 

 -- 

 578.6 

 2017 

 -- 

 175.0 

 45.3 

 111.9 

 0.2 

 3.9 

 -- 

 336.3 

 Thereafter 

 -- 

 1,850.0 

 43.3 

 437.5 

 0.4 

 48.8 

 -- 

 2,380.0 

 Totals 

 $158.0 

 $ 2,550.0 

 $ 165.9 

 $ 1,078.6 

 $1.4 

 $ 69.2 

 $ 16.9 

 $ 4,040.0 

 (1) The initial term of the credit facility expires in May 2016 and includes, at our option, a one-year extension. 

 (2) Excludes net premiums recorded on the mortgages payable. The balance of these net premiums at December 31, 2012, is $9.9 million. 

 (3) Interest on the credit facility, notes, bonds and mortgages payable has been calculated based on outstanding balances as of December 31, 2012 through their respective maturity dates. 

 (4) Realty Income currently pays the ground lessors directly for the rent under the ground leases. 

 (5) Our tenants, who are generally sub-tenants under ground leases, are responsible for paying the rent under these ground leases. In the event a tenant fails to pay the ground lease rent, we are primarily responsible. 

 (6) “Other” consists of $16.0 million of commitments under construction contracts and $944,000 of contingent payments for tenant improvements and leasing costs. 

 Our credit facility and notes payable obligations are unsecured. Accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for these obligations. 

 Preferred Stock Outstanding 

 In 2006, we issued 8.8 million shares of 6.75% Class E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Beginning December 7, 2011, shares of Class E preferred stock were redeemable at our option for $25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Dividends on shares of Class E preferred stock are paid monthly in arrears. 

 -41- 

 Table of Contents 

 In February 2012, we issued 14.95 million shares of our 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at $25.00 per share, including 1.95 million shares purchased by the underwriters upon the exercise of their overallotment option. In April 2012, we issued an additional 1.4 million shares of Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at $25.2863 per share. Beginning February 15, 2017, shares of our Class F preferred stock are redeemable at our option for $25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Dividends on the shares of Class F preferred shares will be paid monthly in arrears. 

 We are current on our obligations to pay dividends on our Class E and Class F preferred stock. 

 No Unconsolidated Investments 

 We have no unconsolidated investments, nor do we engage in trading activities involving energy or commodity contracts. Additionally, we have no joint ventures or mandatorily redeemable preferred stock. As such, our financial position and results of operations are not affected by accounting regulations regarding the classification of financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and are the basis for our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Preparing our consolidated financial statements requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. We believe that we have made these estimates and assumptions in an appropriate manner and in a way that accurately reflects our financial condition. We continually test and evaluate these estimates and assumptions using our historical knowledge of the business, as well as other factors, to ensure that they are reasonable for reporting purposes. However, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of our accounting policies and procedures included in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

 In order to prepare our consolidated financial statements according to the rules and guidelines set forth by GAAP, many subjective judgments must be made with regard to critical accounting policies. One of these judgments is our estimate for useful lives in determining depreciation expense for our properties. Depreciation on a majority of our buildings and improvements is computed using the straight–line method over an estimated useful life of 25 to 35 years. If we use a shorter or longer estimated useful life, it could have a material impact on our results of operations. We believe that 25 to 35 years is an appropriate estimate of useful life. 

 When acquiring a property, we allocate the fair value of real estate acquired to: (1) land, (2) building and improvements, and (3) identified intangible assets and liabilities, based in each case on their estimated fair values. Intangible assets and liabilities consist of above-market or below-market lease value of in-place leases, the value of in-place leases, and tenant relationships, as applicable. In addition, any assumed mortgages receivable or payable are recorded at their estimated fair values. 

 Another significant judgment must be made as to if, and when, impairment losses should be taken on our properties when events or a change in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. A provision is made for impairment if estimated future operating cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) plus estimated disposition proceeds (undiscounted) are less than the current book value of the property. Key inputs that we estimate in this analysis include projected rental rates, estimated holding periods, capital expenditures, and property sales capitalization rates. If a property is held for sale, it is carried at the lower of carrying cost or estimated fair value, less estimated cost to sell. The carrying value of our real estate is the largest component of our consolidated balance sheet. Our strategy of primarily holding properties, long-term, directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. However, if our strategy, or one or more of the above assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized. If events should occur that require us to reduce the carrying value of our real estate by recording provisions for impairment, they could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

 -42- 

 Table of Contents 

 The following is a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 Rental Revenue 

 Rental revenue was $473.7 million for 2012 versus $408.6 million for 2011, an increase of $65.1 million, or 15.9%. Rental revenue was $332.8 million in 2010. The increase in rental revenue in 2012 compared to 2011 is primarily attributable to: 

 · The 423 properties (10.6 million square feet) acquired by Realty Income in 2012, which generated $22.7 million of rent in 2012; 

 · The 164 properties (6.2 million square feet) acquired by Realty Income in 2011, which generated $79.0 million of rent in 2012 compared to $31.5 million in 2011, an increase of $47.5 million; 

 · Same store rents generated on 2,220 properties (18.6 million square feet) during the entire years of 2012 and 2011, increased by $364,000, or 0.1%, to $360.4 million from $360.0 million; 

 · A net decrease of $8.4 million relating to the aggregate of (i) rental revenue from properties (1.3 million square feet) that were available for lease during part of 2012 or 2011, (ii) rental revenue related to 70 properties sold during 2012 and 2011, and (iii) lease termination settlements which, in aggregate, totaled $7.8 million in 2012 compared to $16.2 million in 2011; and 

 · A net increase in straight-line rent and other non-cash adjustments to rent of $2.3 million in 2012 as compared to 2011. 

 For purposes of determining the same store rent property pool, we include all properties that were owned for the entire year-to-date period, for both the current and prior year except for properties during the current or prior year that; (i) were available for lease at any time, (ii) were under development, (iii) we have made an additional investment in, (iv) were involved in eminent domain and rent was reduced, and (v) were re-leased with rent-free periods. Each of the exclusions from the same store pool is separately addressed within the applicable sentences above explaining the changes in rental revenue for the period. 

 Of the 3,013 properties in the portfolio at December 31, 2012, 2,996, or 99.4%, are single-tenant properties and the remaining 17 are multi-tenant properties. Of the 2,996 single-tenant properties, 2,913, or 97.2%, were net leased with a weighted average remaining lease term (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) of approximately 11.0 years at December 31, 2012. Of our 2,913 leased single-tenant properties, 2,681 or 92.0% were under leases that provide for increases in rents through: 

 · Primarily base rent increases tied to a consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings); 

 · Percentage rent based on a percentage of the tenants’ gross sales; 

 · Fixed increases; or 

 · A combination of two or more of the above rent provisions. 

 Percentage rent, which is included in rental revenue, was $2.0 million in 2012, $1.4 million in 2011 and $1.3 million in 2010 (excluding percentage rent reclassified to discontinued operations of $124,000 in 2012, $60,000 in 2011 and $104,000 in 2010). Percentage rent in 2012 was less than 1% of rental revenue and we anticipate percentage rent to be less than 1% of rental revenue in 2013. 

 Our portfolio of real estate, leased primarily to regional and national commercial enterprises under net leases, continues to perform well and provides dependable lease revenue supporting the payment of monthly dividends to our stockholders. At December 31, 2012, our portfolio of 3,013 properties was 97.2% leased with 84 properties available for lease as compared to 87 at December 31, 2011. It has been our experience that approximately 2% to 4% of our property portfolio will be unleased at any given time; however, it is possible that the number of properties available for lease could exceed these levels in the future. 

 -43- 

 Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization 

 Depreciation and amortization was $149.6 million in 2012, compared to $118.9 million in 2011 and $91.6 million in 2010. The increases in depreciation and amortization in 2012 and 2011 were primarily due to the acquisition of properties in 2012 and 2011, which was partially offset by property sales in those same years. As discussed in the sections entitled “Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders and Normalized Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders” and “Adjusted Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders,” depreciation and amortization is a non-cash item that is added back to net income available to common stockholders for our calculation of FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense was $122.5 million in 2012, compared to $108.3 million in 2011 and $93.2 million in 2010. The increase in interest expense from 2011 to 2012 was primarily due to an increase in borrowings attributable to the $150 million re-opening of our 5.875% senior unsecured bonds due 2035 in June 2011, the issuance of our 2.00% senior unsecured notes due January 2018 in October 2012, and the issuance of our 3.25% senior unsecured notes due October 2022 in October 2012, interest on our mortgages payable, and higher credit facility borrowings, which were partially offset by lower average interest rates. 

 As a result of entering into our new credit facility, we incurred credit facility origination costs of $7.1 million. At December 31, 2012, $5.9 million of the $7.1 million is included in other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet, along with $2.2 million incurred as a result of entering into our previous credit facilities. These costs are being amortized over the remaining term of our current $1 billion credit facility. 

 The following is a summary of the components of our interest expense (dollars in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Interest on our credit facility, notes, bonds and mortgages 

 $ 117,401 

 $ 104,452 

 $ 89,916 

 Interest included in discontinued operations 

 (601 

 ) 

 (785 

 ) 

 (557 

 ) 

 Credit facility commitment fees 

 1,684 

 1,508 

 1,017 

 Amortization of credit facility origination costs, deferred financing costs and net mortgage premiums 

 4,556 

 3,564 

 2,871 

 Interest capitalized 

 (498 

 ) 

 (438 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 $ 122,542 

 $ 108,301 

 $ 93,237 

 Credit facility, mortgages and notes outstanding 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Average outstanding balances (dollars in thousands) 

 $ 2,144,690 

 $ 1,754,935 

 $ 1,496,150 

 Average interest rates 

 5.5% 

 6.0% 

 6.0% 

 At December 31, 2012, the weighted average interest rate on our: 

 · Notes and bonds payable of $2.55 billion was 4.99%; 

 · Mortgages payable of $175.9 million was 4.38%; 

 · Credit facility outstanding borrowings of $158.0 million was 1.28%; and 

 · Combined outstanding notes, bonds, mortgages and credit facility borrowings of $2.9 billion was 4.75%. 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Our EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA computation may not be comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reported by other companies that interpret the definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. Management believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to be meaningful measures of a REIT’s performance because they are widely followed by industry analysts, lenders and investors and are used by management as measures of performance. In addition, management utilizes Adjusted EBITDA because our $1 billion credit facility uses a similar metric to measure our compliance with certain covenants. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income as measures of our operating performance. 

 -44- 

 Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income, our most directly comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA (dollars in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income 

 $ 159,152 

 $ 157,032 

 $ 130,784 

 Interest expense 

 122,542 

 108,301 

 93,237 

 Interest expense included in discontinued operations 

 601 

 785 

 557 

 Income taxes 

 1,430 

 1,470 

 1,393 

 Income tax benefit included in discontinued operations 

 (369 

 ) 

 (351 

 ) 

 (344 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 149,597 

 118,874 

 91,641 

 Depreciation and amortization in discontinued operations 

 1,710 

 3,305 

 4,508 

 EBITDA 

 434,663 

 389,416 

 321,776 

 Provisions for impairment 

 5,139 

 405 

 213 

 Amortization of net premiums on mortgages payable 

 (665 

 ) 

 (189 

 ) 

 -- 

 Merger-related costs 

 7,899 

 -- 

 -- 

 Gain on property sales 

 -- 

 (540 

 ) 

 -- 

 Gain on property sales in discontinued operations 

 (9,873 

 ) 

 (5,193 

 ) 

 (8,676 

 ) 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 437,163 

 $ 383,899 

 $ 313,313 

 Interest Coverage Ratio 

 Interest coverage ratio is calculated as: Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest expense, including interest recorded as discontinued operations and amortization of net premiums on mortgages payable. We consider interest coverage ratio to be an appropriate supplemental measure of a company’s ability to meet its interest expense obligations. Our calculation of interest coverage ratio may be different from the calculation used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited. This information should not be considered as an alternative to any GAAP liquidity measures. 

 Dollars in thousands 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 437,163 

 $ 383,899 

 $ 313,313 

 Divided by interest expense (1) 

 $ 122,478 

 $ 108,897 

 $ 93,794 

 Interest coverage ratio 

 3.6 

 3.5 

 3.3 

 (1) See below reconciliation of interest expense used for calculation of interest coverage ratio (dollars in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Interest expense 

 $ 122,542 

 $ 108,301 

 $ 93,237 

 Interest expense included in discontinued operations 

 601 

 785 

 557 

 Amortization of net premiums on mortgages payable 

 (665 

 ) 

 (189 

 ) 

 -- 

 $ 122,478 

 $ 108,897 

 $ 93,794 

 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 

 Fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated in exactly the same manner as interest coverage ratio, except that preferred stock dividends are also added to the denominator. We consider fixed charge coverage ratio to be an appropriate supplemental measure of a company’s ability to make its interest and preferred stock dividend payments. Our calculation of the fixed charge coverage ratio may be different from the calculation used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited. This information should not be considered as an alternative to any GAAP liquidity measures or information presented in Exhibit 12.1 to this Annual Report. 

 Dollars in thousands 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 437,163 

 $ 383,899 

 $ 313,313 

 Divided by interest expense plus preferred stock dividends (1) 

 $ 163,396 

 $ 133,150 

 $ 118,047 

 Fixed charge coverage ratio 

 2.7 

 2.9 

 2.7 

 (1) See footnote 1 above for reconciliation of interest expense used for calculation of fixed charge coverage ratio. This calculation excludes the charge of $3.7 million for the excess of redemption value over carrying value of the Class D preferred shares redeemed during 2012. 

 -45- 

 Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expenses 

 General and administrative expenses increased by $7.0 million to $38.0 million in 2012, as compared to $31.0 million in 2011. General and administrative expenses were $25.3 million in 2010. Included in general and administrative expenses are acquisition transaction costs of $2.4 million for 2012, $1.5 million for 2011 and $368,000 for 2010. General and administrative expenses increased during 2012 primarily due to increases in employee costs, acquisition transaction costs and proxy costs. In February 2013, we had 97 employees, as compared to 83 employees in February 2012 and 79 employees in February 2011. 

 Dollars in thousands 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 General and administrative expenses 

 $ 37,998 

 $ 30,954 

 $ 25,311 

 Total revenue, including discontinued operations (1) 

 483,691 

 422,226 

 346,540 

 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue 

 7.9 

 % 

 7.3 

 % 

 7.3 

 % 

 (1) Excludes gain on sales. 

 Property Expenses 

 Property expenses consist of costs associated with unleased properties, non-net leased properties and general portfolio expenses. Expenses related to unleased properties and non-net leased properties include, but are not limited to, property taxes, maintenance, insurance, utilities, property inspections, bad debt expense and legal fees. General portfolio costs include, but are not limited to, insurance, legal, property inspections, and title search fees. At December 31, 2012, 84 properties were available for lease, as compared to 87 at December 31, 2011 and 84 at December 31, 2010. 

 Property expenses were $7.3 million in 2012, $6.0 million in 2011 and $5.8 million in 2010. The increase in property expenses in 2012 is primarily attributable to higher insurance costs, maintenance and utilities, and legal fees associated with properties available for lease, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense. 

 Merger-Related Costs 

 Merger-related costs include, but are not limited to, advisor fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing fees and transfer taxes related to our acquisition of ARCT. Merger-related costs, were $7.9 million in 2012. On a diluted per common share basis, this expense represented $0.06. 

 Income Taxes 

 Income taxes were $1.4 million in 2012, as compared to $1.5 million in 2011 and $1.4 million in 2010. These amounts are for city and state income and franchise taxes paid by Realty Income. 

 Discontinued Operations 

 Operations from 14 investment properties classified as held for sale at December 31, 2012, plus properties previously sold, have been classified as discontinued operations. The following is a summary of income from discontinued operations on our consolidated statements of income (dollars in thousands): 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Gain on sales of investment properties 

 $ 

 9,873 

 $ 

 5,193 

 $ 

 8,676 

 Rental revenue 

 7,938 

 11,881 

 13,071 

 Other revenue 

 243 

 93 

 32 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (1,710 

 ) 

 (3,305 

 ) 

 (4,508 

 ) 

 Property expenses 

 (1,649 

 ) 

 (1,902 

 ) 

 (2,463 

 ) 

 Provisions for impairment 

 (2,335 

 ) 

 (395 

 ) 

 (171 

 ) 

 Crest’s income from discontinued operations 

 821 

 842 

 946 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 $ 

 13,181 

 $ 

 12,407 

 $ 

 15,583 

 Per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

 $ 

 0.10 

 $ 

 0.10 

 $ 

 0.15 

 (1) The per share amounts for income from discontinued operations above and the income from continuing operations and net income reported on the consolidated statements of income have each been calculated independently. 

 -46- 

 Table of Contents 

 Crest’s Assets and Property Sales 

 At December 31, 2012, Crest had an inventory of four properties, three of which are classified as held for investment. In addition to the four properties, Crest also held notes receivable of $18.9 million at December 31, 2012 and $19.0 million at December 31, 2011. During 2011, the principal balance of one note receivable was paid in full, from which we received proceeds of approximately $2.9 million. 

 During 2012, Crest acquired one property for $890,000, but did not sell any properties. During 2011 and 2010, Crest did not buy or sell any properties. 

 Gain on Sales of Investment Properties by Realty Income 

 During 2012, we sold 44 investment properties for $50.6 million, which resulted in a gain of $9.9 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 During 2011, we sold 26 investment properties for $22.0 million, which resulted in a gain of $5.2 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations. Additionally, we sold excess real estate from five properties for $2.1 million, which resulted in a gain of $540,000. This gain is included in other revenue on our consolidated statement of income for 2011, because this excess real estate was associated with properties that continue to be owned as part of our core operations. 

 During 2010, we sold 28 investment properties and excess land from one property for $27.2 million, which resulted in a gain of $8.7 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations. 

 We have an active portfolio management program that incorporates the sale of assets when we believe the reinvestment of the sale proceeds will: 

 · Generate higher returns; 

 · Enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio; 

 · Extend our average remaining lease term; or 

 · Decrease tenant or industry concentration. 

 At December 31, 2012, we classified real estate with a carrying amount of $19.2 million as held for sale on our balance sheet. In 2013, we intend to continue implementing more active disposition efforts to further enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio. As a result, we anticipate selling investment properties from our portfolio that have not yet been specifically identified, from which we anticipate receiving between $50 million and $125 million in proceeds during the next 12 months. We intend to invest these proceeds into new property acquisitions, if there are attractive opportunities available. However, we cannot guarantee that we will sell properties during the next 12 months at our estimated values or be able to invest the proceeds from the sales of any properties in new properties. 

 Provisions for Impairment on Real Estate Acquired for Resale by Crest 

 During 2012 and 2011, Crest did not record any provisions for impairment. 

 During 2010, Crest recorded total provisions for impairment of $807,000 on three properties held for investment at December 31, 2010. These provisions for impairment are included in continuing operations on our consolidated statement of income for 2010. 

 Provisions for Impairment on Realty Income Investment Properties 

 During 2012, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $5.1 million. Provisions for impairment of $2.3 million are included in income from discontinued operations on seven properties. Additionally, during 2012, Realty Income recorded provisions for impairment of $2.8 million on three properties held for investment at December 31, 2012. These provisions for impairment are included in income from continuing operations. 

 -47- 

 Table of Contents 

 During 2011, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $405,000 on four properties. These provisions for impairment are included in income from discontinued operations, except for $10,000 which is included in income from continuing operations. 

 During 2010, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $213,000 on four properties. Provisions for impairment of $171,000 are included in income from discontinued operations. Since one of these properties was subsequently reclassified from held for sale to held for investment during 2011, a provision for impairment of $42,000 is included in income from continuing operations. 

 Preferred Stock Dividends 

 Preferred stock dividends totaled $40.9 million in 2012 and $24.3 million in 2011 and 2010. 

 Excess of Redemption Value over Carrying Value of Preferred Shares Redeemed 

 When we redeemed our Class D preferred stock in March 2012, we incurred a charge of $3.7 million for the excess of redemption value over the carrying value. This charge, representing the Class D preferred stock original issuance cost that was paid in 2004, was recorded as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders when the shares were redeemed during 2012. On a diluted per common share basis, this charge was $0.03. 

 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 

 Net income available to common stockholders was $114.5 million in 2012, a decrease of $18.3 million as compared to $132.8 million in 2011. Net income available to common stockholders in 2010 was $106.5 million. Net income available to common stockholders for 2012 includes $7.9 million of merger-related costs, which represents $0.06 on a diluted per common share basis, for the acquisition of ARCT. Additionally, net income available to common stockholders in 2012 includes a $3.7 million charge for the excess of redemption value over carrying value of the shares of our Class D preferred stock, which represents $0.03 on a diluted per common share basis. 

 The calculation to determine net income available to common stockholders includes gains from the sale of properties and excess real estate. The amount of gains varies from period to period based on the timing of property sales and can significantly impact net income available to common stockholders. 

 Gains from the sale of properties during 2012 were $9.9 million, as compared to gains from the sale of properties and excess real estate of $5.7 million during 2011 and an $8.7 million gain from the sale of properties during 2010. 

 FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS (FFO) AND NORMALIZED FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS (Normalized FFO) 

 FFO for 2012 increased by $11.5 million, or 4.6%, to $260.9 million, as compared to $249.4 million in 2011 and $193.9 million in 2010. FFO for 2012 includes $7.9 million for merger-related costs, and also includes a $3.7 million charge associated with the Class D preferred stock redemption. 

 We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the merger-related costs for our 2013 acquisition of ARCT. Normalized FFO for 2012 increased by $19.4 million, or 7.8%, to $268.8 million, as compared to $249.4 million in 2011 and $193.9 million in 2010. 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders (which we believe is the most comparable GAAP measure) to FFO and normalized FFO. Also presented is information regarding distributions paid to common stockholders and the weighted average number of common shares used for the basic and diluted computation per share (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 -48- 

 Table of Contents 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 $ 

 114,538 

 $ 

 132,779 

 $ 

 106,531 

 Depreciation and amortization: 

 Continuing operations 

 149,597 

 118,874 

 91,641 

 Discontinued operations 

 1,710 

 3,305 

 4,508 

 Depreciation of furniture, fixtures and equipment 

 (249 

 ) 

 (238 

 ) 

 (291 

 ) 

 Provisions for impairment on Realty Income investment properties 

 5,139 

 405 

 213 

 Gain on sale of excess real estate and investment properties: 

 Continuing operations 

 -- 

 (540 

 ) 

 -- 

 Discontinued operations 

 (9,873 

 ) 

 (5,193 

 ) 

 (8,676 

 ) 

 FFO available to common stockholders 

 260,862 

 249,392 

 193,926 

 Merger-related costs 

 7,899 

 -- 

 -- 

 Normalized FFO available to common stockholders 

 $ 

 268,761 

 $ 

 249,392 

 $ 

 193,926 

 FFO per common share, basic and diluted: 

 $ 

 1.96 

 $ 

 1.98 

 $ 

 1.83 

 Normalized FFO per common share, basic and diluted: 

 $ 

 2.02 

 $ 

 1.98 

 $ 

 1.83 

 Distributions paid to common stockholders 

 $ 

 236,348 

 $ 

 219,297 

 $ 

 182,500 

 Normalized FFO in excess of distributions paid to common stockholders 

 $ 

 32,413 

 $ 

 30,095 

 $ 

 11,426 

 Weighted average number of common shares used for computation per share: 

 Basic 

 132,817,472 

 126,142,696 

 105,869,637 

 Diluted 

 132,884,933 

 126,189,399 

 105,942,721 

 We define FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trust’s definition, as net income available to common stockholders, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, plus impairments of depreciable real estate assets, reduced by gains on the sale of investment properties and extraordinary items. We define normalized FFO, a non-GAAP measure, as FFO excluding the merger-related costs for our 2013 acquisition of ARCT. 

 We consider FFO and normalized FFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of a REIT’s operating performance as they are based on a net income analysis of property portfolio performance that adds back items such as depreciation and impairments for FFO, and adds back merger-related costs, for normalized FFO. The historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT, using historical accounting for depreciation, could be less informative. The use of FFO is recommended by the REIT industry as a supplemental performance measure. In addition, FFO is used as a measure of our compliance with the financial covenants of our credit facility. 

 ADJUSTED FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS (AFFO) 

 AFFO for 2012 increased by $20.8 million, or 8.2%, to $274.2 million, as compared to $253.4 million in 2011 and $197.3 million in 2010. We consider AFFO to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance. Most companies in our industry use a similar measurement, but they may use the term “CAD” (for Cash Available for Distribution), “FAD” (for Funds Available for Distribution), or other terms. 

 -49- 

 Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders (which we believe is the most comparable GAAP measure) to FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO. Also presented is information regarding distributions paid to common stockholders and the weighted average number of common shares used for the basic and diluted computation per share (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 $ 

 114,538 

 $ 

 132,779 

 $ 

 106,531 

 Cumulative adjustments to calculate FFO (1) 

 146,324 

 116,613 

 87,395 

 FFO available to common stockholders 

 260,862 

 249,392 

 193,926 

 Merger-related costs 

 7,899 

 -- 

 -- 

 Normalized FFO available to common stockholders 

 268,761 

 249,392 

 193,926 

 Excess of redemption value over carrying value of Class D preferred share redemption 

 3,696 

 -- 

 -- 

 Amortization of share-based compensation 

 10,001 

 7,873 

 6,166 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs (2) 

 2,177 

 1,881 

 1,548 

 Provisions for impairment on real estate acquired for resale by Crest 

 -- 

 -- 

 807 

 Capitalized leasing costs and commissions 

 (1,619 

 ) 

 (1,722 

 ) 

 (1,501 

 ) 

 Capitalized building improvements 

 (4,935 

 ) 

 (2,450 

 ) 

 (2,077 

 ) 

 Other adjustments (3) 

 (3,898 

 ) 

 (1,602 

 ) 

 (1,613 

 ) 

 Total AFFO available to common stockholders 

 $ 

 274,183 

 $ 

 253,372 

 $ 

 197,256 

 AFFO per common share, basic and diluted: 

 $ 

 2.06 

 $ 

 2.01 

 $ 

 1.86 

 Distributions paid to common stockholders 

 $ 

 236,348 

 $ 

 219,297 

 $ 

 182,500 

 AFFO in excess of distributions paid to common stockholders 

 $ 

 37,835 

 $ 

 34,075 

 $ 

 14,756 

 Weighted average number of common shares used for computation per share: 

 Basic 

 132,817,472 

 126,142,696 

 105,869,637 

 Diluted 

 132,884,933 

 126,189,399 

 105,942,721 

 (1) See reconciling items for FFO presented under “Funds from Operations Available To Common Stockholders (FFO) and Normalized Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (Normalized FFO).” 

 (2) Includes the amortization of costs incurred and capitalized when our senior notes were issued in March 2003, November 2003, March 2005, September 2005, September 2006, September 2007, June 2010, June 2011 and October 2012. Additionally, this includes the amortization of deferred financing costs incurred and capitalized in connection with our assumption of the mortgages payable. These costs are being amortized over the lives of the respective mortgages. No costs associated with our credit facility agreements or annual fees paid to credit rating agencies have been included. 

 (3) Includes straight-line rent revenue and the amortization of above and below-market leases. 

 We believe the non-GAAP financial measure AFFO provides useful information to investors because it is a widely accepted industry measure of the operating performance of real estate companies that is used by industry analysts and investors who look at and compare those companies. In particular, AFFO provides an additional measure by which to compare the operating performance of different REITs without having to account for differing depreciation assumptions and other unique revenue and expense items which are not pertinent to the measurement of the particular company’s on-going operating performance. Therefore, we believe that AFFO is an appropriate supplemental performance metric, and that the most appropriate GAAP performance metric to which AFFO should be reconciled is net income available to common stockholders. 

 Presentation of the information regarding FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO is intended to assist the reader in comparing the operating performance of different REITs, although it should be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO in the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as alternatives to net income as an indication of our performance. FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO should not be considered as alternatives to reviewing our cash flows from operating, 

 -50- 

 Table of Contents 

 investing, and financing activities. In addition, FFO, normalized FFO and AFFO should not be considered as measures of liquidity, of our ability to make cash distributions, or of our ability to pay interest payments. 

 IMPACT OF INFLATION 

 Tenant leases generally provide for limited increases in rent as a result of increases in the tenants’ sales volumes, increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), and/or fixed increases. We expect that inflation will cause these lease provisions to result in rent increases over time. During times when inflation is greater than increases in rent, as provided for in the leases, rent increases may not keep up with the rate of inflation. 

 Of our 3,013 properties in our portfolio, approximately 96.7% or 2,913 are leased to tenants under net leases where the tenant is responsible for property expenses. Net leases tend to reduce our exposure to rising property expenses due to inflation. Inflation and increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue. 

 IMPACT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

 As of December 31, 2012, the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our business is not considered to be material. 

 Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of our credit facility and long-term notes and bonds used to maintain liquidity and expand our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flow and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives we issue long-term notes and bonds, primarily at fixed rates. 

 In order to mitigate and manage the effects of interest rate risks on our operations, we may utilize a variety of financial instruments, including interest rate swaps and caps. The use of these types of instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates carries additional risks, including counterparty credit risk, the enforceability of hedging contracts and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates will cause a significant loss of basis in the contract. To limit counterparty credit risk we will seek to enter into such agreements with major financial institutions with favorable credit ratings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately protect against the foregoing risks or realize an economic benefit that exceeds the related amounts incurred in connection with engaging in such hedging activities. We do not enter into any derivative transactions for speculative or trading purposes. 

 The following table presents by year of expected maturity, the principal amounts, average interest rates and estimated fair values of our fixed and variable rate debt as of December 31, 2012. This information is presented to evaluate the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest rate changes (dollars in millions): 

 Expected Maturity Data 

 Year of maturity 

 Fixed rate
 debt 

 Average interest rate
 on fixed rate debt 

 Variable rate
 debt 

 Average interest rate
 on variable rate debt 

 2013 (1) 

 $ 

 122.9 

 5.68 

 % 

 $ 0.1 

 2.56 

 % 

 2014 (2) 

 13.5 

 6.21 

 0.2 

 2.56 

 2015 (3) 

 152.3 

 5.51 

 23.8 

 4.70 

 2016 (4) 

 289.3 

 5.95 

 158.2 

 1.29 

 2017 (5) 

 220.1 

 5.45 

 0.2 

 2.56 

 Thereafter (6) 

 1,885.8 

 4.78 

 7.5 

 2.56 

 Totals (7) 

 $ 

 2,683.9 

 5.01 

 % 

 $190.0 

 1.77 

 % 

 Fair Value (8) 

 $ 

 2,972.1 

 $189.7 

 (1) $100 million of fixed rate senior notes mature in March 2013, $22.9 million of fixed rate mortgages mature and $152,000 of a variable rate mortgage mature in 2013. 

 (2) $13.5 million of fixed rate mortgages and $161,000 of a variable rate mortgage mature in 2014. 

 (3) $150 million of fixed rate senior notes mature in November 2015, $2.3 million of fixed rate mortgages and $23.8 million of variable rate 

 -51- 

 Table of Contents 

 mortgages mature in 2015. The interest rate on variable rate mortgages of $23.6 million is capped at 5.5%. 

 (4) $275 million of fixed rate senior notes mature in September 2016, $14.3 million of fixed rate mortgages and $181,000 of a variable rate mortgage mature in 2016. Additionally, the credit facility expires in May 2016. 

 (5) $175 million of fixed rate senior notes mature in September 2017, $45.1 million of fixed rate mortgages and $194,000 of a variable rate mortgage mature in 2017. 

 (6) As it relates to fixed rate senior notes, $350 million matures in January 2018, $550 million matures in August 2019, $250 million matures in January 2021, $450 million matures in October 2022 and $250 million matures in March 2035. Additionally, $35.8 million of fixed rate mortgages and $7.5 million of a variable rate mortgage mature at dates thereafter. 

 (7) Excludes net premiums recorded on mortgages payable. The balance of these net premiums is $9.9 million at December 31, 2012. 

 (8) We base the estimated fair value of the fixed rate senior notes at December 31, 2012 on the indicative market prices and recent trading activity of our notes payable. We base the estimated fair value of our fixed rate and variable rate mortgages at December 31, 2012 on the current 5-year, 7-year or 10-year Treasury yield curve, plus an applicable credit-adjusted spread. We believe that the carrying value of the credit facility balance reasonably approximates its estimated fair value at December 31, 2012. 

 The table incorporates only those exposures that exist as of December 31, 2012. It does not consider those exposures or positions that could arise after that date. As a result, our ultimate realized gain or loss, with respect to interest rate fluctuations, would depend on the exposures that arise during the period, our hedging strategies at the time, and interest rates. 

 All of our outstanding notes and bonds have fixed interest rates. All of our mortgages payable, except two, have fixed interest rates. Interest on our credit facility balance is variable. Based on our credit facility balance of $158.0 million at December 31, 2012, a 1% change in interest rates would change our interest costs by $1.6 million per year. 

 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Table of Contents 

 A. 

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 B. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets, 

 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 C. 

 Consolidated Statements of Income, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 D. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 E. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 F. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 G. 

 Consolidated Quarterly Financial Data 

 (unaudited) for 2012 and 2011 

 H. 

 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 Schedules not filed: All schedules, other than that indicated in the Table of Contents, have been omitted as the required information is either not material, inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 

 -52- 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Realty Income Corporation: 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Realty Income Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2012. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of Realty Income Corporation’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Realty Income Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Realty Income Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 14, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 San Diego, California 

 February 14, 2013 

 -53- 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Realty Income Corporation: 

 We have audited Realty Income Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Realty Income Corporation’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Realty Income Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In our opinion, Realty Income Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Realty Income Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2012, and our report dated February 14, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 San Diego, California 

 February 14, 2013 

 -54- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 2012 

 2011 

 ASSETS 

 Real estate, at cost: 

 Land 

 $ 1,999,820 

 $ 1,749,378 

 Buildings and improvements 

 3,920,865 

 3,222,603 

 Total real estate, at cost 

 5,920,685 

 4,971,981 

 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (897,767) 

 (814,126) 

 Net real estate held for investment 

 5,022,918 

 4,157,855 

 Real estate held for sale, net 

 19,219 

 2,153 

 Net real estate 

 5,042,137 

 4,160,008 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 5,248 

 4,165 

 Accounts receivable, net 

 21,659 

 15,375 

 Goodwill 

 16,945 

 17,206 

 Other assets, net 

 357,374 

 222,635 

 Total assets 

 $ 5,443,363 

 $ 4,419,389 

 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 Distributions payable 

 $ 23,745 

 $ 21,405 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 70,426 

 58,770 

 Other liabilities, net 

 52,530 

 29,179 

 Lines of credit payable 

 158,000 

 237,400 

 Mortgages payable, net 

 175,868 

 67,781 

 Notes payable 

 2,550,000 

 1,750,000 

 Total liabilities 

 3,030,569 

 2,164,535 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Stockholders’ equity: 

 Preferred stock and paid in capital, par value $0.01 per share, 69,900,000 shares authorized and 25,150,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2012, and 20,000,000 shares authorized and 13,900,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

 609,363 

 337,790 

 Common stock and paid in capital, par value $0.01 per share, 370,100,000 shares authorized and 133,452,411 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2012, and 200,000,000 shares authorized and 133,223,338 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

 2,572,092 

 2,563,048 

 Distributions in excess of net income 

 (768,661) 

 (645,984) 

 Total stockholders’ equity 

 2,412,794 

 2,254,854 

 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 

 $ 5,443,363 

 $ 4,419,389 

 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

 -55- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 REVENUE 

 Rental 

 $ 473,741 

 $ 408,640 

 $ 332,780 

 Other 

 1,769 

 1,612 

 657 

 Total revenue 

 475,510 

 410,252 

 333,437 

 EXPENSES 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 149,597 

 118,874 

 91,641 

 Interest 

 122,542 

 108,301 

 93,237 

 General and administrative 

 37,998 

 30,954 

 25,311 

 Property 

 7,269 

 6,018 

 5,805 

 Income taxes 

 1,430 

 1,470 

 1,393 

 Merger-related costs 

 7,899 

 -- 

 -- 

 Provisions for impairment 

 2,804 

 10 

 849 

 Total expenses 

 329,539 

 265,627 

 218,236 

 Income from continuing operations 

 145,971 

 144,625 

 115,201 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 13,181 

 12,407 

 15,583 

 Net income 

 159,152 

 157,032 

 130,784 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 (40,918) 

 (24,253) 

 (24,253) 

 Excess of redemption value over carrying value of preferred shares redeemed 

 (3,696) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 $ 114,538 

 $ 132,779 

 $ 106,531 

 Amounts available to common stockholders per common share: 

 Income from continuing operations: 

 Basic 

 $ 0.76 

 $ 0.95 

 $ 0.86 

 Diluted 

 $ 0.76 

 $ 0.95 

 $ 0.86 

 Net income: 

 Basic 

 $ 0.86 

 $ 1.05 

 $ 1.01 

 Diluted 

 $ 0.86 

 $ 1.05 

 $ 1.01 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 132,817,472 

 126,142,696 

 105,869,637 

 Diluted 

 132,884,933 

 126,189,399 

 105,942,721 

 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

 -56- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 Preferred 

 Common 

 Shares of 

 Shares of 

 stock and 

 stock and 

 Distributions 

 preferred 

 common 

 paid in 

 paid in 

 in excess of 

 stock 

 stock 

 capital 

 capital 

 net income 

 Total 

 Balance, December 31, 2009 

 13,900,000 

 104,286,705 

 $ 337,790 

 $ 1,629,237 

 $ (479,018) 

 $ 1,488,009 

 Net income 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 130,784 

 130,784 

 Distributions paid and payable 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (208,878) 

 (208,878) 

 Shares issued in stock offerings, net of offering costs of $22,471 

 -- 

 13,558,500 

 -- 

 432,591 

 -- 

 432,591 

 Share-based compensation 

 -- 

 213,783 

 -- 

 4,459 

 -- 

 4,459 

 Balance, December 31, 2010 

 13,900,000 

 118,058,988 

 337,790 

 2,066,287 

 (557,112) 

 1,846,965 

 Net income 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 157,032 

 157,032 

 Distributions paid and payable 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (245,904) 

 (245,904) 

 Shares issued in stock offerings, net of offering costs of $25,200 

 -- 

 14,925,000 

 -- 

 489,236 

 -- 

 489,236 

 Shares issued pursuant to dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, net 

 -- 

 59,605 

 -- 

 1,930 

 -- 

 1,930 

 Share-based compensation 

 -- 

 179,745 

 -- 

 5,595 

 -- 

 5,595 

 Balance, December 31, 2011 

 13,900,000 

 133,223,338 

 337,790 

 2,563,048 

 (645,984) 

 2,254,854 

 Net income 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 159,152 

 159,152 

 Distributions paid and payable 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (278,133) 

 (278,133) 

 Shares issued in stock offerings, net of offering costs of $13,773 

 16,350,000 

 -- 

 395,377 

 -- 

 -- 

 395,377 

 Shares issued pursuant to dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, net 

 -- 

 55,598 

 -- 

 2,051 

 -- 

 2,051 

 Preferred shares redeemed 

 (5,100,000) 

 -- 

 (123,804) 

 -- 

 (3,696) 

 (127,500) 

 Share-based compensation 

 -- 

 173,475 

 -- 

 6,993 

 -- 

 6,993 

 Balance, December 31, 2012 

 25,150,000 

 133,452,411 

 $ 609,363 

 $ 2,572,092 

 $ (768,661) 

 $ 2,412,794 

 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

 -57- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net income 

 $ 159,152 

 $ 157,032 

 $ 130,784 

 Adjustments to net income: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 149,597 

 118,874 

 91,641 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 (13,181) 

 (12,407) 

 (15,583) 

 Gain on sale of real estate 

 -- 

 (540) 

 -- 

 Amortization of share-based compensation 

 10,001 

 7,873 

 6,166 

 Amortization of net premiums on mortgages payable 

 (665) 

 (189) 

 -- 

 Provisions for impairment on real estate held for investment 

 2,804 

 10 

 849 

 Other non-cash adjustments 

 (301) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Cash provided by discontinued operations: 

 Real estate 

 7,353 

 10,914 

 11,586 

 Collection of notes receivable by Crest 

 90 

 3,032 

 138 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Accounts receivable and other assets 

 2,775 

 5,209 

 5,270 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 8,844 

 9,144 

 12,517 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 326,469 

 298,952 

 243,368 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Acquisition of investment properties 

 (1,015,725) 

 (953,175) 

 (713,198) 

 Improvements to real estate, including leasing costs 

 (6,554) 

 (4,172) 

 (3,578) 

 Loans receivable 

 (34,876) 

 (1,593) 

 -- 

 Proceeds from sales of real estate: 

 Continuing operations 

 23 

 2,078 

 -- 

 Discontinued operations 

 50,563 

 22,049 

 25,779 

 Restricted escrow deposits 

 (1,805) 

 (50) 

 (6,361) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (1,008,374) 

 (934,863) 

 (697,358) 

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Cash distributions to common stockholders 

 (236,348) 

 (219,297) 

 (182,500) 

 Cash dividends to preferred stockholders 

 (39,445) 

 (24,253) 

 (24,253) 

 Borrowings on lines of credit 

 1,074,000 

 612,800 

 612,200 

 Payments on lines of credit 

 (1,153,400) 

 (375,400) 

 (616,800) 

 Principal payments on mortgages 

 (11,729) 

 (279) 

 -- 

 Proceeds from preferred stock offerings, net 

 395,377 

 -- 

 -- 

 Redemption of preferred stock 

 (127,500) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Proceeds from common stock offerings, net 

 -- 

 489,236 

 432,591 

 Proceeds from bonds issued 

 800,000 

 150,000 

 -- 

 Proceeds from notes payable issued, net 

 -- 

 -- 

 246,131 

 Debt issuance costs 

 (16,979) 

 (9,864) 

 (4,091) 

 Proceeds from dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, net 

 2,159 

 1,894 

 -- 

 Other items 

 (3,147) 

 (2,368) 

 (1,707) 

 Net cash provided by financing activities 

 682,988 

 622,469 

 461,571 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 1,083 

 (13,442) 

 7,581 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

 4,165 

 17,607 

 10,026 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

 $ 5,248 

 $ 4,165 

 $ 17,607 

 For supplemental disclosures, see note 16. 

 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

 -58- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 1. Organization and Operation 

 Realty Income Corporation (“Realty Income,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) is organized as a Maryland corporation. We invest in commercial real estate and have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT. 

 At December 31, 2012, we owned 3,013 properties, located in 49 states, containing over 37.6 million leasable square feet, along with four properties owned by our wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, Crest Net Lease, Inc., or Crest. 

 Information with respect to number of properties, square feet, average initial lease term and weighted average contractual lease rate is unaudited. 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Procedures and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 Federal Income Taxes . We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. We believe we have qualified and continue to qualify as a REIT. Under the REIT operating structure, we are permitted to deduct dividends paid to our stockholders in determining our taxable income. Assuming our dividends equal or exceed our net income, we generally will not be required to pay federal corporate income taxes on such income. Accordingly, no provision has been made for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, except for the federal income taxes of Crest, which are included in discontinued operations. The income taxes recorded on our consolidated statements of income represent amounts paid by Realty Income for city and state income and franchise taxes. 

 Earnings and profits that determine the taxability of distributions to stockholders differ from net income reported for financial reporting purposes due to differences in the estimated useful lives and methods used to compute depreciation and the carrying value (basis) of the investments in properties for tax purposes, among other things. 

 The following reconciles our net income available to common stockholders to taxable income (dollars in thousands): 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 $ 114,538 

 $ 132,779 

 $ 106,531 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 40,918 

 24,253 

 24,253 

 Depreciation and amortization timing differences 

 45,398 

 32,215 

 23,024 

 Merger-related costs 

 7,877 

 -- 

 -- 

 Excess of redemption value over carrying value of preferred shares redeemed 

 3,696 

 -- 

 -- 

 Tax loss on the sale of real estate less than book gain 

 (12,559) 

 (7,772) 

 (10,063) 

 Elimination of net revenue and expenses from Crest 

 444 

 418 

 1,337 

 Compensation deduction per Section 162(m) of the Code 

 7,599 

 4,896 

 2,915 

 Adjustment for share-based compensation 

 (351) 

 (622) 

 562 

 Adjustment for straight-line rent and above/below-market lease amortization 

 (3,899) 

 (1,562) 

 (1,613) 

 Adjustment for acquisition expenses 

 2,211 

 1,503 

 368 

 Adjustment for an increase in prepaid rent 

 2,773 

 3,584 

 4,223 

 Other adjustments 

 1,286 

 (565) 

 (30) 

 Taxable net income, before our dividends paid deduction 

 $ 209,931 

 $ 189,127 

 $ 151,507 

 (1) The 2012 information presented is a reconciliation of our net income available to common stockholders to estimated taxable net income. 

 -59- 

 Table of Contents 

 We regularly analyze our various federal and state filing positions and only recognize the income tax effect in our financial statements when certain criteria regarding uncertain income tax positions have been met. We believe that our income tax positions would more likely than not be sustained upon examination by all relevant taxing authorities. Therefore, no provisions for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded in our financial statements. 

 Absent an election to the contrary, if a REIT acquires property that is or has been owned by a C corporation in a transaction in which the tax basis of the property in the hands of the REIT is determined by reference to the tax basis of the property in the hands of the C corporation, and the REIT recognizes gain on the disposition of such property during the 10 year period beginning on the date on which it acquired the property, then the REIT will be required to pay tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate on this gain to the extent of the excess of the fair value of the property over the REIT’s adjusted basis in the property, in each case determined as of the date the REIT acquired the property. The 10 year period described above has been reduced to 5 years for property dispositions occurring in 2013 (but not with respect to dispositions in later years). In August 2007, we acquired 100% of the stock of a C corporation that owned real property. At the time of acquisition, the C corporation became a Qualified REIT Subsidiary, and was deemed to be liquidated for Federal income tax purposes; the real property was deemed to be transferred to us with a carryover tax basis. As of December 31, 2012, we have built-in gains of $70.3 million with respect to such property. We do not expect that we will be required to pay income tax on the built-in gains in these properties. It is our intent, and we have the ability, to defer any dispositions of these properties to periods when the related gains would not be subject to the built-in gain income tax or otherwise to defer the recognition of the built-in gain related to these properties. However, our plans could change and it may be necessary to dispose of one or more of these properties in a taxable transaction after 2013 but before August 28, 2017, in which case we would be required to pay corporate level tax with respect to the built-in gains on these properties as described above. 

 Net Income Per Common Share . Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common shares that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares for all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the reporting period. 

 The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic net income per common share computation to the denominator of the diluted net income per common share computation: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Weighted average shares used for the basic net income per share computation 

 132,817,472 

 126,142,696 

 105,869,637 

 Incremental shares from share-based compensation 

 67,461 

 46,703 

 73,084 

 Adjusted weighted average shares used for diluted net income per share computation 

 132,884,933 

 126,189,399 

 105,942,721 

 Unvested shares from share-based compensation that were anti-dilutive 

 17,570 

 13,020 

 87,600 

 Discontinued Operations . Operations from 14 investment properties classified as held for sale at December 31, 2012, plus properties previously sold, are reported as discontinued operations. Their respective results of operations have been reclassified as income from discontinued operations on our consolidated statements of income. We do not depreciate properties that are classified as held for sale. 

 If the property was previously reclassified as held for sale but the applicable criteria for this classification are no longer met, the property is reclassified to real estate held for investment. A property that is reclassified to held for investment is measured and recorded at the lower of (i) its carrying amount before the property was classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation expense that would have been recognized had the property been continuously classified as held for investment, or (ii) the fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell. 

 -60- 

 Table of Contents 

 No debt was assumed by buyers of our investment properties, or repaid as a result of our investment property sales, and we do not allocate interest expense to discontinued operations related to real estate held for investment. We allocate interest expense related to borrowings specifically attributable to Crest. The interest expense amounts allocated to Crest are included in income from discontinued operations. 

 The following is a summary of income from discontinued operations on our consolidated statements of income (dollars in thousands): 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Gain on sales of investment properties 

 $ 9,873 

 $ 5,193 

 $ 8,676 

 Rental revenue 

 7,938 

 11,881 

 13,071 

 Other revenue 

 243 

 93 

 32 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (1,710) 

 (3,305) 

 (4,508) 

 Property expenses 

 (1,649) 

 (1,902) 

 (2,463) 

 Provisions for impairment 

 (2,335) 

 (395) 

 (171) 

 Crest’s income from discontinued operations 

 821 

 842 

 946 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 $ 13,181 

 $ 12,407 

 $ 15,583 

 Per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

 $ 0.10 

 $ 0.10 

 $ 0.15 

 (1) The per share amounts for income from discontinued operations above and the income from continuing operations and net income reported on the consolidated statements of income have each been calculated independently. 

 Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable . All leases are accounted for as operating leases. Under this method, leases that have fixed and determinable rent increases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Any rental revenue contingent upon a tenant’s sales is recognized only after the tenant exceeds their sales breakpoint. Rental increases based upon changes in the consumer price indexes are recognized only after the changes in the indexes have occurred and are then applied according to the lease agreements. 

 We recognize an allowance for doubtful accounts relating to accounts receivable for amounts deemed uncollectible. We consider tenant specific issues, such as financial stability and ability to pay, when determining collectability of accounts receivable and appropriate allowances to record. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $448,000 at December 31, 2012 and $507,000 at December 31, 2011. 

 Other revenue includes non-operating interest earned from notes receivable and investments in money market funds of $1.2 million in 2012, $502,000 in 2011 and $96,000 in 2010. 

 Principles of Consolidation . The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Realty Income, Crest, and other entities for which we make operating and financial decisions (i.e. control), after elimination of all material intercompany balances and transactions. We have no unconsolidated investments. 

 Cash Equivalents . We consider all short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Our cash equivalents are primarily investments in United States Treasury or government money market funds. 

 Gain on Sales of Properties . When real estate is sold, the related net book value of the applicable assets is removed and a gain from the sale is recognized in our consolidated statements of income. We record a gain from the sale of real estate provided that various criteria, relating to the terms of the sale and any subsequent involvement by us with the real estate, have been met. 

 Allocation of the Purchase Price of Real Estate Acquisitions . When acquiring a property, we allocate the fair value of real estate acquired to: (1) land, (2) building and improvements, and (3) identified intangible assets and liabilities, based in each case on their estimated fair values. Intangible assets and liabilities consist of above-market or below-market lease value of in-place leases, the value of in-place leases, and tenant relationships, as applicable. In addition, any assumed mortgages payable are recorded at their estimated fair values. 

 -61- 

 Table of Contents 

 Our estimated fair value determinations are based on management’s judgment, which is based on various factors, including: (1) market conditions, (2) industry that the tenant operates in, (3) characteristics of the real estate, i.e.: location, size, demographics, value and comparative rental rates, (4) tenant credit profile, (5) store profitability and the importance of the location of the real estate to the operations of the tenant’s business, and/or (6) real estate valuations, prepared either internally or by an independent valuation firm. When real estate valuations are utilized, the measurement of fair value related to the allocation of the purchase price of real estate acquisitions is derived principally from observable market data (and thus should be categorized as level 2 on FASB’s three-level valuation hierarchy). Our other methodologies for measuring fair value related to the allocation of the purchase price of real estate acquisitions (except for independent third-party real estate valuations) include unobservable inputs that reflect our own internal assumptions and calculations (and thus should be categorized as level 3 on FASB’s three-level valuation hierarchy). 

 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property with an in-place operating lease (which includes land and buildings/improvements) is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant, and the “as-if-vacant” value is then allocated to land and buildings/improvements based on our determination of the fair value of these assets. Our fair value determinations are based on a real estate valuation for each property, prepared either internally or by an independent valuation firm, and consider estimates of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods, current market conditions, as well as costs to execute similar leases. In allocating the fair value to identified intangibles for above-market or below-market leases, an amount is recorded based on the present value of the difference between (i) the contractual amount to be paid pursuant to the in-place lease and (ii) our estimate of fair market lease rate for the corresponding in-place lease, measured over the remaining term of the lease. 

 Capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases. Capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases and expected below-market renewal option periods. 

 The aggregate value of other acquired intangible assets consists of the fair value of in-place leases and tenant relationships, as applicable. The value of in-place leases, exclusive of the value of above-market and below-market in-place leases, is amortized to expense over the remaining periods of the respective leases. 

 The following table presents the impact during the next five years and thereafter related to the net decrease to rental revenue from the amortization of the acquired above-market and below-market lease intangibles and the increase to amortization expense from the amortization of the in-place lease intangibles for properties owned at December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

 Net decrease
 to rental
 revenue 

 Increase to
 amortization
 expense 

 2013 

 $ (1,314) 

 $ 22,110 

 2014 

 (1,399) 

 21,899 

 2015 

 (1,345) 

 21,105 

 2016 

 (1,341) 

 21,026 

 2017 

 (1,332) 

 20,475 

 Thereafter 

 (2,610) 

 99,698 

 Totals 

 $ (9,341) 

 $ 206,313 

 In allocating the fair value to assumed mortgages, amounts are recorded to debt premiums or discounts based on the present value of the estimated cash flows, which is calculated to account for either above or below-market interest rates. These assumed mortgage payables are amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining term of the respective mortgages. 

 Depreciation and Amortization . Land, buildings and improvements are recorded and stated at cost. Major replacements and betterments, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives, while ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Buildings and improvements that are under redevelopment, or are being developed, are carried at cost and no depreciation is recorded on these assets. Additionally, amounts essential to the development of the property, such as pre-construction, development, construction, interest and any other costs incurred during the period of 

 -62- 

 Table of Contents 

 development are capitalized. We cease capitalization when the property is available for occupancy upon substantial completion of tenant improvements, but in any event no later than one year from the completion of major construction activity. 

 Properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 

 Buildings 

 25 years or 35 years 

 Building improvements 

 4 to 15 years 

 Tenant improvements and lease commissions 

 The shorter of the term of the related lease or useful life 

 Acquired in-place leases 

 Remaining terms of the respective leases 

 Provisions for Impairment . We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. A provision is made for impairment if estimated future operating cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) plus estimated disposition proceeds (undiscounted) are less than the current book value of the property. Key inputs that we estimate in this analysis include projected rental rates, estimated holding periods, capital expenditures and property sales capitalization rates. If a property is classified as held for sale, it is carried at the lower of carrying cost or estimated fair value, less estimated cost to sell. 

 In 2012, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $5.1 million. Provisions for impairment of $2.3 million are included in income from discontinued operations on seven properties in the following industries: one in the automotive parts industry, one in the automotive tire services industry, one in the automotive service industry, one in the child care industry, one in the convenience store industry, one in the home improvement industry, and one in the restaurant-casual industry. Additionally, during 2012, Realty Income recorded provisions for impairment of $2.8 million on three properties held for investment at December 31, 2012 in the restaurant-casual industry. These provisions for impairment are included in income from continuing operations. 

 In 2011, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $405,000 on two properties in the automotive service industry, one property in the motor vehicle dealerships industry, and one property in the pet supplies and services industry. These provisions for impairment are included in income from discontinued operations, except for $10,000 which is included in income from continuing operations. 

 In 2010, Realty Income recorded total provisions for impairment of $213,000 on three properties in the restaurant industry and one property in the child care industry. Provisions for impairment of $171,000 are included in income from discontinued operations. Since one of these properties was subsequently reclassified from held for sale to held for investment during 2011, a provision for impairment of $42,000 is included in income from continuing operations. Additionally, during 2010, Crest recorded total provisions for impairment of $807,000 on three properties held for investment at December 31, 2010 and 2011. These provisions for impairment are included in income from continuing operations. 

 Asset Retirement Obligations. We analyze our future legal obligations associated with the other-than-temporary removal of tangible long-lived assets, also referred to as asset retirement obligations. When we determine that we have a legal obligation to provide services upon the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset, we record a liability for this obligation based on the estimated fair value of this obligation and adjust the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset by the same amount. This asset is amortized over its estimated useful life. The estimated fair value of the asset retirement obligation is calculated by discounting the future cash flows using a credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. 

 Goodwill . Goodwill is tested for impairment during the second quarter of each year as well as when events or circumstances occur indicating that our goodwill might be impaired. Under the amendments issued in conjunction with ASU No. 2011-08, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) , an entity, through an assessment of qualitative factors, is not required to calculate the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, in connection with the two-step goodwill impairment test, unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. We elected to continue testing goodwill for impairment during the second quarter of each year as well as when events or circumstances occur, indicating that our goodwill might be impaired. During our tests for impairment of goodwill, during the second quarters of 2012, 2011 and 2010, we determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values. We did not record any impairment on our existing goodwill during 2012, 2011 or 2010. 

 -63- 

 Table of Contents 

 Government Taxes. We collect and remit sales and property taxes assessed by different governmental authorities that are both imposed on and concurrent with a revenue-producing transaction between us and our tenants. We report the collection of these taxes on a net basis (excluded from revenues). The amounts of these taxes are not significant to our financial position or results of operations. 

 Use of Estimates . The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Par Value Change. In August 2011, we changed the par value of our common and preferred stock from $1.00 per share to $0.01 per share. This change did not have an impact on the amount of our total stockholders’ equity. 

 Reclassifications . We report, in discontinued operations, the results of operations of properties that either have been disposed of or are classified as held for sale. As a result of these discontinued operations, certain of the 2011 and 2010 balances have been reclassified to conform to the 2012 presentation. 

 3. Supplemental Detail for Certain Components of Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 A. Other Assets, Net. Other assets, net, consist of the following (dollars in thousands) at: 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Value of in-place leases, net 

 $ 206,313 

 $ 123,255 

 Value of above-market leases, net 

 35,812 

 30,081 

 Loans receivable 

 35,126 

 2,178 

 Deferred bond financing costs, net 

 29,687 

 22,209 

 Notes receivable issued in connection with property sales 

 19,300 

 19,401 

 Prepaid expenses 

 9,489 

 9,833 

 Note receivable acquired in connection with an acquisition 

 8,780 

 8,780 

 Credit facility origination costs, net 

 8,188 

 3,141 

 Restricted escrow deposits 

 1,805 

 50 

 Deferred financing costs on mortgages payable, net 

 1,541 

 751 

 Corporate assets, net 

 909 

 849 

 Other items 

 424 

 2,107 

 $ 357,374 

 $ 222,635 

 B. Distributions Payable. Distributions payable consist of the following declared distributions (dollars in thousands) at: 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Common stock distributions 

 $ 20,251 

 $ 19,384 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 3,494 

 2,021 

 $ 23,745 

 $ 21,405 

 C. Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses. Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following (dollars in thousands) at: 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Bond interest payable 

 $ 40,061 

 $ 35,195 

 Accrued costs on properties under development 

 8,595 

 4,766 

 Other items 

 21,770 

 18,809 

 $ 70,426 

 $ 58,770 

 -64- 

 Table of Contents 

 D. Other Liabilities, Net. Other liabilities, net, consist of the following (dollars in thousands) at: 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Value of in-place below-market leases, net 

 $ 26,471 

 $ 6,423 

 Rent received in advance 

 20,929 

 18,149 

 Security deposits 

 5,130 

 4,607 

 $ 52,530 

 $ 29,179 

 4. American Realty Capital Trust 

 A. Acquisition 

 On January 22, 2013, we completed our acquisition of American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., or ARCT. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 6, 2012, as amended on January 6, 2013, at the effective time of the acquisition, each outstanding share of ARCT common stock was converted into the right to receive a combination of: (i) $0.35 in cash and (ii) 0.2874 shares of our common stock. In connection with the acquisition, at the closing we terminated and repaid the amounts then outstanding of approximately $552.9 million under ARCT’s revolving credit facility and term loan. With this acquisition, we added 515 properties to our portfolio. Below is the preliminary allocation of the purchase price of the ARCT acquisition, based on the closing price of our common stock of $44.04 per share on January 22, 2013: 

 Consideration associated with equity issued 

 $ 

 2,027,753 

 Cash consideration paid to previous owners of ARCT 

 59,142 

 Total preliminary purchase consideration 

 $ 

 2,086,895 

 We will account for the ARCT acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , and are in the process of completing our allocation of the purchase price for this acquisition, which we expect to finalize during 2013. The following table summarizes our preliminary purchase price allocation, which represents our current best estimate of fair value. These estimates could change significantly as we complete our purchase price allocation analysis. 

 Assets: 

 Total real estate and related intangible assets 

 $ 

 3,178,862 

 Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and other assets, net 

 45,667 

 Total Assets 

 3,224,529 

 Liabilities: 

 Lines of credit payable 

 317,207 

 Term loan 

 235,000 

 Mortgage notes payable 

 538,888 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities, net 

 32,577 

 Total Liabilities 

 1,123,672 

 Non-controlling interest 

 13,962 

 Estimated fair value of net assets acquired 

 $ 

 2,086,895 

 B. Transaction Costs 

 In connection with our acquisition of ARCT, we expect to incur total merger-related transaction costs of approximately $19 million, which include, but are not limited to, advisor fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing fees and transfer taxes. We incurred $7.9 million of the estimated $19 million of total merger-related transaction costs, during 2012, which are included in income from continuing operations. At December 31, 2012, we had contingent payments of approximately $6 million due to various banks for fairness opinions related to our acquisition of ARCT, which is included as part of the estimated $19 million of merger-related costs disclosed above. 

 -65- 

 Table of Contents 

 C. Litigation 

 All of the below actions name as defendants ARCT, members of the ARCT board of directors, Realty Income, and Tau Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Realty Income, or Merger Sub. In each case, the plaintiffs allege that the ARCT directors breached their fiduciary duties to ARCT and/or its stockholders in negotiating and approving the agreement, that the acquisition consideration negotiated in the agreement improperly values ARCT, that the ARCT stockholders will not receive fair value for their ARCT common stock in the acquisition, and that the terms of the agreement impose improper deal-protection devices that purportedly preclude competing offers. The complaints further allege that Realty Income, Merger Sub, and, in some cases, ARCT aided and abetted those alleged breaches of fiduciary duty. The various amended complaints add allegations that disclosures regarding the proposed merger in the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed on October 1, 2012, or the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 6, 2012, are inadequate. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief, including enjoining or rescinding the acquisition, and an award of other unspecified attorneys’ and other fees and costs, in addition to other relief. 

 Realty Income believes that these actions have no merit and intends to respond to them in due course. 

 Maryland Actions . Since the announcement of the proposed acquisition of ARCT on September 6, 2012, six alleged class actions and/or shareholder derivative actions were filed on behalf of alleged ARCT stockholders and/or ARCT itself in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, under the following captions: Quaal v. American Realty Capital Trust Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005306, filed September 7, 2012; Hill v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005502, filed September 19, 2012; Goldwurm v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005524, filed September 20, 2012; Gordon v. Schorsch, et al. , No. 24-C-12-005571, filed September 21, 2012; Gregor v. Kahane, et al. , No. 24-C-12-005563, filed September 21, 2012; and Rooker v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 24-C-12-005924, filed October 5, 2012. On October 23, 2012, defendants moved to dismiss the actions and, on November 8, 2012, moved to stay discovery pending disposition of the motions to dismiss. On November 13, 2012, all plaintiffs except Sydelle Goldwurm filed motions to compel discovery and to expedite discovery. On November 16, 2012, the court consolidated the actions into a single action captioned In re American Capital Realty Trust, Inc. Shareholder Litigation , No. 24-C-12-005306 (the “Maryland State Action”). On November 21, 2012, the court appointed plaintiff Randell Quaal as lead plaintiff and Brower Piven, P.C. as lead counsel for plaintiffs. On December 3, 2012, plaintiff Goldwurm voluntarily dismissed her action in Maryland state court without prejudice. On December 11, 2012, plaintiffs moved for a preliminary injunction and to compel expedited discovery. On December 13, 2012, the court granted defendants’ motion to stay discovery and denied plaintiffs’ motion to expedite discovery. On December 14, 2012, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint, and defendants filed amended motions to dismiss the amended complaint on December 21, 2012. 

 On January 6, 2013, the parties in the Maryland State Action entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding settlement of all claims asserted on behalf of the alleged class of ARCT stockholders. In connection with the settlement contemplated by the memorandum of understanding, the Maryland State Action and all claims asserted in the litigation will be dismissed, subject to court approval. The proposed settlement terms required ARCT to make certain additional disclosures related to the merger, as set forth in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ARCT on January 8, 2013. The parties also agreed that plaintiffs may seek attorneys’ fees and costs in an as-yet undetermined amount, with ARCT to pay such fees and costs if and to the extent they are approved by the Maryland state court. The memorandum of understanding further contemplates that the parties will enter into a stipulation of settlement, which will be subject to customary conditions, including confirmatory discovery and court approval following notice to ARCT’s stockholders. If the parties enter into a stipulation of settlement, a hearing will be scheduled at which the court will consider the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the settlement. There can be no assurance that the parties will ultimately enter into a stipulation of settlement, that the court will approve any proposed settlement, or that any eventual settlement will be under the same terms as those contemplated by the memorandum of understanding. 

 After the Maryland state court denied plaintiff Goldwurm’s motion for appointment of lead plaintiff and lead counsel in the Maryland State Action, plaintiff Goldwurm filed a class action and shareholder derivative action on November 29, 2012, in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, captioned Goldwurm v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 1:12-cv-03516-JKB (the “Maryland Federal Action”). On December 12, 2012, plaintiff Goldwurm moved for expedited discovery. Defendants moved to stay the federal case on December 13, 2012, and moved to dismiss it on December 19, 2012. On January 11, 2013, plaintiff 

 -66- 

 Table of Contents 

 Goldwurm moved for a temporary restraining order seeking to enjoin the shareholder vote on the proposed merger set to take place on January 16, 2013. 

 On January 14, 2013, the parties in the Maryland Federal Action entered into an agreement to settle all claims. In connection with the settlement, on January 25, 2013, the parties agreed to voluntarily dismiss the case with prejudice. On January 28, 2013, the Maryland federal court dismissed the action. 

 New York Actions . Two alleged class actions were filed on behalf of alleged ARCT stockholders in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for New York, New York, under the following captions: The Carol L. Possehl Living Trust v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc., et al. , No. 653300-2012, filed September 20, 2012; and Salenger v. American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. et al. , No. 353355-2012, filed September 25, 2012. On October 19, 2012, the court consolidated the actions into a single action captioned In re American Realty Capital Trust Shareholders Litigation , No. 653300-2012 (the “New York Action”) and appointed Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP as lead counsel for plaintiffs. On October 19, 2012, defendants moved for a stay of proceedings. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on October 23, 2012. On November 9, 2012, the Court granted defendants’ motion to stay the New York Action pending the Maryland state actions. 

 5. Investments in Real Estate 

 We acquire the land, buildings and improvements that are necessary for the successful operations of commercial enterprises. 

 A. 2012 and 2011 Acquisitions 

 During 2012, Realty Income invested $1.16 billion in real estate, acquiring 423 properties, and properties under development, with an initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 7.2%. The initial weighted average contractual lease rate is computed by dividing the estimated aggregate base rent for the first year of each lease by the estimated total cost of the properties. The 423 properties, and properties under development, are located in 37 states, will contain over 10.5 million leasable square feet, and are 100% leased with an average lease term of 14.6 years. The tenants of the 423 properties acquired operate in 23 industries: aerospace, apparel stores, automotive collision services, automotive parts, consumer appliances, consumer goods, convenience stores, crafts and novelties, diversified industrial, dollar stores, drug stores, equipment services, food processing, health and fitness, insurance, machinery, motor vehicle dealerships, packaging, paper, restaurants - quick service, theaters, transportation services, and wholesale clubs. None of the investments in these properties caused any one tenant to be 10% or more of our total assets at December 31, 2012. Acquisition transaction costs of $2.4 million were recorded to general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of income for 2012. 

 These 2012 aggregate acquisitions were allocated as follows: $284.5 million to land, $770.0 million to buildings and improvements, $107.2 million to intangible assets, $34.9 million to other assets, net, and $32.5 million to intangible and assumed liabilities, which includes mortgage premiums of $10.0 million. The majority of our 2012 acquisitions were cash purchases, except for eight transactions that included the assumption of $110.5 million of mortgages payable. There was no contingent consideration associated with these acquisitions. 

 The properties acquired during 2012 generated total revenues of $23.9 million and income from continuing operations of $9.8 million. 

 The purchase price allocation for $106.4 million of the $1.16 billion invested by us in 2012 is based on a preliminary measurement of fair value that is subject to change. The allocation for these properties represents our current best estimate of fair value and we expect to finalize the valuations and complete the purchase price allocation in the first quarter of 2013. 

 In comparison, during 2011, Realty Income invested $1.02 billion in new real estate, including 164 new properties, and properties under development, with an initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 7.8%. These 164 new properties, and properties under development, are located in 26 states, contain over 6.2 million leasable square feet, and are 100% leased with an average lease term of 13.4 years. The tenants of the 164 properties acquired operate in 16 industries: aerospace, automotive collision services, beverages, drug store, equipment services, financial services, food processing, grocery stores, health and fitness, packaging, paper, restaurants – quick service, telecommunications, theaters, transportation services, and wholesale club. 

 -67- 

 Table of Contents 

 Acquisition transaction costs of $1.5 million were recorded to general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of income for 2011. 

 The 2011 aggregate acquisitions were allocated as follows: $239.3 million to land, $645.0 million to buildings and improvements, $137.0 million to intangible assets and $5.1 million to intangible and assumed liabilities, which includes mortgage premiums of $820,000. The majority of our 2011 acquisitions were cash purchases, except for one that also included the assumption of $8.8 million in notes receivable and four that also included the assumption of $67.4 million of mortgages payable. There was no contingent consideration associated with these acquisitions. 

 In 2012, we capitalized costs of $6.6 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.62 million for re-leasing costs and $4.93 million for building and tenant improvements. In 2011, we capitalized costs of $4.2 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.7 million for re-leasing costs and $2.5 million for building improvements. 

 B. Unaudited Pro Forma Information 

 The following pro forma total revenue and income from continuing operations, for 2012 and 2011, assumes all of our 2012 property acquisitions, and our acquisition of ARCT in January 2013, occurred on January 1, 2011 (in millions). This pro forma supplemental information does not include the impact of any synergies or lower borrowing costs that we have or may achieve as a result of the acquisitions or any strategies that management has or may consider in order to continue to efficiently manage our operations. Additionally, this information does not purport to be indicative of what our operating results would have been had the acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2011, and may not be indicative of future operating results. For purposes of calculating these pro-forma amounts, we assumed that the following transaction occurred on January 1, 2011: (1) the issuance of our $350 million of 2% notes due January 2018 and our $450 million of 3.25% notes due in October 2022, and (2) payment of the estimated merger-related costs of $19 million related to our acquisition of ARCT. Other than these items specified above, no material, non-recurring pro-forma adjustments were included in the calculation of this information. 

 Income from 

 continuing 

 Total revenue 

 operations 

 Supplemental pro forma for the year ended December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 717.9 

 $ 

 188.2 

 Supplemental pro forma for the year ended December 31, 2011 

 $ 

 669.3 

 $ 

 156.4 

 C. Properties With Existing Leases 

 Of the $1.16 billion Realty Income invested in 2012, approximately $552.5 million was used to acquire 129 properties with existing leases. Associated with these 129 properties, we recorded $98.6 million as the intangible value of the in-place leases, $8.5 million as the intangible value of above-market leases and $21.1 million as the intangible value of below-market leases. Of the $1.02 billion we invested in 2011, approximately $592.1 million was used to acquire 94 properties with existing leases. Associated with these 94 properties, we recorded $109.9 million as the intangible value of the in-place leases, $27.1 million as the intangible value of above-market leases and $3.5 million as the intangible value of below-market leases. 

 The value of the in-place and above-market leases is recorded to other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet, and the value of the below-market leases is recorded to other liabilities, net, on our consolidated balance sheet. The value of the in-place leases is amortized as depreciation and amortization expense. The amount amortized to expense for 2012 was $15.6 million, for 2011 was $8.3 million and for 2010 was $1.4 million. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts relating to that lease would be recorded to revenue or expense as appropriate. 

 The value of the above-market and below-market leases is amortized as rental revenue on our consolidated statements of income. All of these amounts are amortized over the expected lives of the respective leases. The amounts amortized as a net (decrease) increase to rental income for capitalized above-market and below-market leases for 2012 was $(1.8) million, for 2011 was $(1.1) million and for 2010 was $154,000. 

 -68- 

 Table of Contents 

 D. Crest 

 During 2012, Crest invested $890,000 in one property in the restaurant – casual industry, while Crest did not invest in any properties during 2011. At December 31, 2012, Crest owned four properties for $3.9 million, of which $3.0 million was classified as held for investment. At December 31, 2011, Crest owned three properties for $3.0 million. Additionally, Crest also held notes receivable of $18.9 million at December 31, 2012 and $19.0 million at December 31, 2011. 

 6. Notes Receivable 

 Of the $1.16 billion Realty Income invested in 2012, approximately $35.1 million was loaned in the form of a note receivable, which is secured by the properties on which the note receivable was placed. The note receivable is recorded to other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 and matures in March 2014. We receive monthly interest income on this note receivable at an interest rate of 7.6%. As part of the origination of the note receivable, we received a fee of $260,000, which is recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2012. This loan origination fee is being amortized to interest income over the remaining term of the note receivable, using a method that approximates the effective-interest method. 

 In 2011, Realty Income assumed a note receivable in conjunction with a property acquisition, which is secured by the property on which the note receivable was placed. This note receivable is recorded to other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and matures in December 2013. We receive interest income on this note receivable at an interest rate of 8.1%. 

 7. Credit Facility 

 In May 2012, we entered into a new $1 billion unsecured acquisition credit facility, which replaced our $425 million acquisition credit facility that was scheduled to expire in March 2014. The initial term of the new credit facility expires in May 2016 and includes, at our option, a one-year extension option. Under this new credit facility, our current investment grade credit ratings provide for financing at the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly referred to as LIBOR, plus 1.075% with a facility commitment fee of 0.175%, for all-in drawn pricing of 1.25% over LIBOR. The borrowing rate is not subject to an interest rate floor or ceiling. We also have other interest rate options available to us. Our credit facility is unsecured and, accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for this obligation. 

 As a result of entering into our new credit facility, we incurred credit facility origination costs of $7.1 million. At December 31, 2012, $5.9 million of the $7.1 million is included in other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet, along with $2.2 million incurred as a result of entering into our previous credit facilities. These costs are being amortized over the remaining term of our current $1 billion credit facility. 

 At December 31, 2012, we had a borrowing capacity of $842 million available on our credit facility (subject to customary conditions to borrowing) and an outstanding balance of $158 million, as compared to an outstanding balance of $237.4 million at December 31, 2011. 

 The average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities was 1.6% during 2012, 2.1% during 2011, and was 1.3% during 2010. At December 31, 2012, the effective interest rate was 1.3%. Our current and prior credit facilities are and were subject to various leverage and interest coverage ratio limitations. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 8. Mortgages Payable 

 During 2012 and 2011, we assumed mortgages totaling $110.5 million and $67.4 million, respectively. These mortgages are secured by the properties on which the debt was placed. Although this mortgage debt is non-recourse, there are limited customary exceptions for items such as bankruptcy, misrepresentation, fraud, misapplication of payments, environmental liabilities, failure to pay taxes, insurance premiums, liens on the property, and uninsured losses. We expect to pay off the mortgages as soon as prepayment penalties and costs make it economically feasible to do so. We intend to continue our policy of primarily identifying property acquisitions that are free from mortgage indebtedness. In 2012, we repaid one mortgage in full for $10.7 million. 

 -69- 

 Table of Contents 

 During 2012, aggregate net premiums totaling $10.0 million were recorded upon assumption of the mortgages for above-market interest rates, as compared to net premiums totaling $820,000 recorded in 2011. Amortization of these net premiums is recorded as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining term of the respective notes, using a method that approximates the effective-interest method. These mortgages contain customary covenants, such as limiting our ability to further mortgage each applicable property or to discontinue insurance coverage, without the prior consent of the lender. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 As a result of assuming these mortgages payable, we incurred deferred financing costs of $1.1 million during 2012 and $917,000 during 2011, which were classified as part of other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. The balance of these deferred financing costs was $1.5 million at December 31, 2012, and $751,000 at December 31, 2011, which is being amortized over the remaining term of each mortgage. 

 The following is a summary of our mortgages payable as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, sorted by maturity date (dollars in thousands): 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Maturity
 Date (1) 

 Stated 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 

 Effective
 Interest
 Rate 

 Remaining 
 Principal
 Balance (1) 

 Amortized 
 Premium 
 (Discount)
 Balance 

 Mortgage
 Payable
 Balance 

 12/1/13 

 6.3% 

 4.6% 

 $ 

 11,987 

 $ 

 172 

 $ 

 12,159 

 12/28/13 (3) 

 8.3% 

 8.3% 

 4,510 

 -- 

 4,510 

 12/28/13 (3) 

 8.3% 

 8.3% 

 4,270 

 -- 

 4,270 

 9/1/14 

 6.3% 

 5.1% 

 11,509 

 196 

 11,705 

 6/10/15 

 4.7% 

 4.8% 

 23,625 

 (48) 

 23,577 

 1/10/16 

 6.0% 

 3.7% 

 12,982 

 794 

 13,776 

 1/8/17 

 5.7% 

 3.8% 

 6,883 

 454 

 7,337 

 2/8/17 

 5.8% 

 4.0% 

 29,510 

 1,829 

 31,339 

 6/6/17 

 5.7% 

 2.7% 

 10,150 

 1,201 

 11,351 

 10/1/20 

 6.0% 

 4.2% 

 8,765 

 907 

 9,672 

 9/3/21 (4) 

 2.6% 

 4.0% 

 8,359 

 (771) 

 7,588 

 7/8/22 

 6.4% 

 4.0% 

 29,308 

 4,675 

 33,983 

 4/1/25 

 6.9% 

 5.1% 

 4,069 

 532 

 4,601 

 $ 

 165,927 

 $ 

 9,941 

 $ 

 175,868 

 At December 31, 2011 

 Maturity
 Date (1) 

 Stated 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 

 Effective
 Interest
 Rate 

 Remaining 
 Principal
 Balance (1) 

 Amortized 
 Premium 
 (Discount)
 Balance 

 Mortgage
 Payable
 Balance 

 5/6/12 

 5.9% 

 5.2% 

 $ 

 10,664 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 10,690 

 12/1/13 

 6.3% 

 4.6% 

 12,410 

 314 

 12,724 

 12/28/13 (3) 

 8.3% 

 8.3% 

 4,510 

 -- 

 4,510 

 12/28/13 (3) 

 8.3% 

 8.3% 

 4,270 

 -- 

 4,270 

 9/1/14 

 6.3% 

 5.1% 

 11,671 

 359 

 12,030 

 6/10/15 

 4.7% 

 4.8% 

 23,625 

 (68) 

 23,557 

 $ 

 67,150 

 $ 

 631 

 $ 

 67,781 

 (1) The mortgages require monthly payments, with a principal payment due at maturity. 

 (2) The mortgages are at fixed interest rates, except for: (1) the mortgage maturing on June 10, 2015 with a floating variable interest rate calculated as the sum of the current 1 month LIBOR plus 4.5%, not to exceed an all-in interest rate of 5.5%, and (2) the mortgage maturing on September 3, 2021 with a floating interest rate calculated as the sum of the current 1 month LIBOR plus 2.4%. 

 (3) As part of the assumption of these mortgages payable related to our 2011 acquisitions, we also acquired an $8.8 million note receivable, upon which we will receive interest income at a stated rate of 8.14% through December 28, 2013. 

 (4) As part of the assumption of this mortgage payable related to our 2012 acquisitions, we also acquired an interest rate swap which essentially fixes the interest rate on this mortgage payable at 6.0%. 

 -70- 

 Table of Contents 

 9. Notes Payable 

 A. General 

 Our senior unsecured notes and bonds consisted of the following, sorted by maturity date (dollars in millions): 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 5.375% notes, issued in March 2003 and due in March 2013 

 $ 

 100 

 $ 

 100 

 5.5% notes, issued in November 2003 and due in November 2015 

 150 

 150 

 5.95% notes, issued in September 2006 and due in September 2016 

 275 

 275 

 5.375% notes, issued in September 2005 and due in September 2017 

 175 

 175 

 2.0% notes, issued in October 2012 and due in January 2018 

 350 

 -- 

 6.75% notes, issued in September 2007 and due in August 2019 

 550 

 550 

 5.75% notes, issued in June 2010 and due in January 2021 

 250 

 250 

 3.25% notes, issued in October 2012 and due in October 2022 

 450 

 -- 

 5.875% bonds, $100 issued in March 2005 and $150 issued in June 2011, both due in March 2035 

 250 

 250 

 $ 

 2,550 

 $ 

 1,750 

 The following table summarizes the maturity of our notes and bonds payable as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in millions): 

 Year of Maturity 

 Notes and
 Bonds 

 2013 

 $ 

 100 

 2014 

 -- 

 2015 

 150 

 2016 

 275 

 2017 

 175 

 Thereafter 

 1,850 

 Totals 

 $ 

 2,550 

 Interest incurred on all of the notes and bonds was $110.4 million for 2012, $101.5 million for 2011 and $89.7 million for 2010. The interest rate on each of these notes and bonds is fixed. 

 Our outstanding notes and bonds are unsecured; accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for these or any other obligations. Interest on all of the senior note and bond obligations is paid semiannually. 

 All of these notes and bonds contain various covenants, including: (i) a limitation on incurrence of any debt which would cause our debt to total adjusted assets ratio to exceed 60%; (ii) a limitation on incurrence of any secured debt which would cause our secured debt to total adjusted assets ratio to exceed 40%; (iii) a limitation on incurrence of any debt which would cause our debt service coverage ratio to be less than 1.5 times; and (iv) the maintenance at all times of total unencumbered assets not less than 150% of our outstanding unsecured debt. At December 31, 2012, we remain in compliance with these covenants. 

 B. Note Issuances 

 In October 2012, we issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior unsecured notes due January 2018, or the 2018 Notes, and $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior unsecured notes due October 2022, or the 2022 Notes. The price to the investors for the 2018 Notes was 99.910% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 2.017% per annum. The price to the investors for the 2022 Notes was 99.382% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 3.323% per annum. The total net proceeds of approximately $790.1 million from these offerings were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, and the remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including additional property acquisitions. Interest is paid semiannually on both the 2018 and 2022 Notes. 

 In June 2010, we issued $250 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior unsecured notes due January 2021, or the 2021 Notes. The price to the investor for the 2021 Notes was 99.404% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 5.826% per annum. The net proceeds of $246.1 million from this offering were used to repay borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, which were incurred to fund property acquisitions. Interest is paid semiannually on the 2021 Notes. 

 -71- 

 Table of Contents 

 C. Re-opening of Unsecured Bonds due 2035 

 In June 2011, we re-opened our 5.875% senior unsecured bonds due 2035, or the 2035 Bonds, and issued $150 million in aggregate principal amount of these 2035 Bonds. The public offering price for the additional 2035 Bonds was 94.578% of the principal amount for an effective yield of 6.318% per annum. Those 2035 Bonds constituted an additional issuance of, and a single series with, the $100 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Bonds that we issued in March 2005. The net proceeds of $140.1 million were used to fund property acquisitions. Interest is paid semiannually on the 2035 Bonds. 

 10. Issuance and Redemption of Preferred Stock 

 A. In 2004, we issued 5.1 million shares of 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred stock. In March 2012, we redeemed all of the 5.1 million shares of our 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock for $25.00 per share, plus accrued dividends. We incurred a charge of $3.7 million, representing the Class D preferred stock original issuance costs that we paid in 2004. In 2012, we paid dividends to holders of our Class D preferred stock totaling $0.3841147 per share, or $2.0 million. During 2011 and 2010, we paid twelve monthly dividends to holders of our Class D preferred stock totaling $1.8437508 per share, or $9.4 million. 

 B. In 2006, we issued 8.8 million shares of 6.75% Monthly Income Class E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Since December 2011, the Class E preferred shares are redeemable at our option, for $25.00 per share. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we paid twelve monthly dividends to holders of our Class E preferred stock totaling $1.6875 per share, or $14.9 million, and at December 31, 2012, a monthly dividend of $0.140625 per share was payable and was paid in January 2013. 

 C. In February 2012, we issued 14.95 million shares of our 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a price of $25.00 per share, including 1.95 million shares purchased by the underwriters upon the exercise of their overallotment option. In April 2012, we issued an additional 1.4 million shares of our Class F preferred stock at a price of $25.2863 per share. After aggregate underwriting discounts and other offering costs totaling $13.8 million, we received total net proceeds of $395.4 million for the February and April offerings combined, of which $127.5 million was used to redeem all of our outstanding 7.375% Monthly Income Class D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and the balance was used to repay a portion of the borrowings under our credit facility. Beginning February 15, 2017, the Class F preferred shares are redeemable at our option, for $25.00 per share. The initial dividend of $0.1702257 per share was paid on March 15, 2012 and covered 37 days. Thereafter, dividends of $0.138021 per share will be paid monthly in arrears on the Class F preferred stock. During 2012, we paid ten monthly dividends to holders of our Class F preferred stock totaling $1.4124147, or $22.6 million, and at December 31, 2012, a monthly dividend of $0.138021 per share was payable and was paid in January 2013. 

 We are current in our obligations to pay dividends on our Class E and Class F preferred stock. 

 11. Issuance of Common Stock 

 In September 2011, we issued 6,300,000 shares of common stock at a price of $34.00 per share. After underwriting discounts and other offering costs of $10.6 million, the net proceeds of $203.6 million were used to repay borrowings under our acquisition credit facility, which were used to fund property acquisitions. 

 In March 2011, we issued 8,625,000 shares of common stock at a price of $34.81 per share. After underwriting discounts and other offering costs of $14.6 million, the net proceeds of $285.6 million were used to fund property acquisitions. 

 In December 2010, we issued 7,360,000 shares of common stock at a price of $33.70 per share. The net proceeds of $235.7 million were used to repay borrowings of $179.8 million under our acquisition credit facility and to fund property acquisitions during December 2010. The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and working capital. 

 -72- 

 Table of Contents 

 In September 2010, we issued 6,198,500 shares of common stock at a price of $33.40 per share. The net proceeds of $196.9 million were used to repay borrowings of $49.7 million under our acquisition credit facility and to fund $126.5 million of property acquisitions during October 2010. The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and working capital. 

 12. Distributions Paid and Payable 

 A. Common Stock 

 We pay monthly distributions to our common stockholders. The following is a summary of monthly distributions paid per common share for the years: 

 Month 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 January 

 $ 0.1455000 

 $ 0.1442500 

 $ 0.1430000 

 February 

 0.1455000 

 0.1442500 

 0.1430000 

 March 

 0.1455000 

 0.1442500 

 0.1430000 

 April 

 0.1458125 

 0.1445625 

 0.1433125 

 May 

 0.1458125 

 0.1445625 

 0.1433125 

 June 

 0.1458125 

 0.1445625 

 0.1433125 

 July 

 0.1461250 

 0.1448750 

 0.1436250 

 August 

 0.1461250 

 0.1448750 

 0.1436250 

 September 

 0.1511250 

 0.1448750 

 0.1436250 

 October 

 0.1514375 

 0.1451875 

 0.1439375 

 November 

 0.1514375 

 0.1451875 

 0.1439375 

 December 

 0.1514375 

 0.1451875 

 0.1439375 

 Total 

 $ 1.7716250 

 $ 1.7366250 

 $ 1.7216250 

 The following presents the federal income tax characterization of distributions paid or deemed to be paid per common share for the years: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 1.3367481 

 $ 1.3787863 

 $ 1.2598879 

 Nontaxable distributions 

 0.4348769 

 0.3578387 

 0.4617371 

 Totals 

 $ 1.7716250 

 $ 1.7366250 

 $ 1.7216250 

 At December 31, 2012, a distribution of $0.15175 per common share was payable and was paid in January 2013. At December 31, 2011, a distribution of $0.1455 per common share was payable and was paid in January 2012. 

 B. Class D Preferred Stock 

 Prior to the redemption of the Class D Preferred Stock in March 2012, dividends of $0.1536459 per share were paid monthly in arrears on the Class D preferred stock. We declared dividends to holders of our Class D preferred stock totaling $2.0 million in 2012 and $9.4 million in 2011 and 2010. For 2012, 2011 and 2010, dividends paid per share in the amounts of $0.3841147, $1.8437508, and $1.8437508, respectively, were characterized as ordinary income for federal income tax purposes. 

 C. Class E Preferred Stock 

 Dividends of $0.140625 per share are paid monthly in arrears on the Class E preferred stock. We declared dividends to holders of our Class E preferred stock totaling $14.9 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010. For 2012, 2011 and 2010, dividends paid per share in the amount of $1.6875 were characterized as ordinary income for federal income tax purposes. 

 -73- 

 Table of Contents 

 D. Class F Preferred Stock 

 Dividends of $0.138021 per share are paid monthly in arrears on the Class F preferred stock. We declared dividends to holders of our Class F preferred stock totaling $22.6 million in 2012. For 2012, the dividends paid per share of $1.4124147 to our Class F preferred stockholders were characterized as ordinary income for federal income tax purposes. 

 13. Operating Leases 

 A. At December 31, 2012, we owned 3,013 properties in 49 states, plus an additional four properties owned by Crest. Of the 3,013 properties, 2,996, or 99.4%, are single-tenant properties, and the remaining 17 are multi-tenant properties. At December 31, 2012, 84 properties were vacant and available for lease or sale. 

 Substantially all leases are net leases where the tenant pays property taxes and assessments, maintains the interior and exterior of the building and leased premises, and carries insurance coverage for public liability, property damage, fire and extended coverage. 

 Rent based on a percentage of a tenants’ gross sales (percentage rents) was $2.1 million for 2012 and $1.4 million for 2011 and 2010, including amounts recorded to discontinued operations of $124,000 in 2012, $60,000 in 2011 and $104,000 in 2010. 

 At December 31, 2012, minimum future annual rents to be received on the operating leases for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

 2013 

 $ 

 526,616 

 2014 

 512,274 

 2015 

 497,075 

 2016 

 483,389 

 2017 

 464,982 

 Thereafter 

 3,399,120 

 Total 

 $ 

 5,883,456 

 B. Major Tenants - No individual tenant’s rental revenue, including percentage rents, represented more than 10% of our total revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 or 2010. 

 14. Gain on Sales of Investment Properties 

 During 2012, we sold 44 investment properties for $50.6 million, which resulted in a gain of $9.9 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 During 2011, we sold 26 investment properties for $22.0 million, which resulted in a gain of $5.2 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Additionally, we sold excess real estate from five properties for $2.1 million, which resulted in a gain of $540,000. This gain is included in other revenue on our consolidated statement of income for 2011, because this excess real estate was associated with properties that continue to be owned as part of our core operations. 

 During 2010, we sold 28 investment properties and excess land from one property for $27.2 million, which resulted in a gain of $8.7 million. The results of operations for these properties have been reclassified as discontinued operations. 

 During 2012, 2011 and 2010, Crest did not sell any properties. 

 -74- 

 Table of Contents 

 15. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The disclosure for assets and liabilities measured at fair value requires allocation to a three-level valuation hierarchy. This valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Categorization within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 We believe that the carrying values reflected in our consolidated balance sheets reasonably approximate the fair values for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, escrow deposits, loans receivable, lines of credit payable and all other liabilities, due to their short-term nature or interest rates and terms that are consistent with market, except for our notes receivable issued in connection with property sales or acquired in connection with an acquisition, mortgages payable and our senior notes and bonds payable, which are disclosed below (dollars in millions): 

 Carrying value per 

 Estimated fair 

 At December 31, 2012 

 balance sheet 

 value 

 Notes receivable issued in connection with property sales 

 $ 

 18.9 

 $ 

 20.1 

 Note receivable issued in connection with an acquisition 

 $ 

 8.8 

 $ 

 8.8 

 Mortgages payable assumed in connection with acquisitions 

 $ 

 175.9 

 $ 

 176.7 

 Notes payable 

 $ 

 2,550.0 

 $ 

 2,827.1 

 Carrying value per 

 Estimated fair 

 At December 31, 2011 

 balance sheet 

 value 

 Notes receivable issued in connection with property sales 

 $ 

 19.0 

 $ 

 19.6 

 Note receivable issued in connection with an acquisition 

 $ 

 8.8 

 $ 

 8.8 

 Mortgages payable assumed in connection with acquisitions 

 $ 

 67.8 

 $ 

 68.2 

 Notes payable 

 $ 

 1,750.0 

 $ 

 1,901.9 

 The estimated fair values of our notes receivable issued in connection with property sales or acquired in connection with an acquisition, and our mortgages payable have been calculated by discounting the future cash flows using an interest rate based upon the current 5-year, 7-year or 10-year Treasury yield curve, plus an applicable credit-adjusted spread. Because this methodology includes unobservable inputs that reflect our own internal assumptions and calculations, the measurement of estimated fair values related to our notes receivable and mortgages payable is categorized as level 3 on the three-level valuation hierarchy. 

 The estimated fair values of our senior notes and bonds payable is based upon indicative market prices and recent trading activity of our senior notes and bonds payable. Because this methodology includes inputs that are less observable by the public and are not necessarily reflected in active markets, the measurement of the estimated fair values related to our notes and bonds payable is categorized as level 2 on the three-level valuation hierarchy. 

 16. Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

 Interest paid was $112.5 million in 2012, $102.0 million in 2011 and $82.6 million in 2010. 

 Interest capitalized to properties under development was $498,000 in 2012, $438,000 in 2011 and $10,000 in 2010. 

 Income taxes paid were $1.0 million in 2012, $871,000 in 2011 and $907,000 in 2010. 

 The following non-cash investing and financing activities are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements: 

 A. Share-based compensation expense was $10.0 million for 2012, $7.9 million for 2011 and $6.2 million for 2010. 

 B. See “Provisions for Impairment” in note 2 for a discussion of provisions for impairments recorded by Realty Income and Crest. 

 -75- 

 Table of Contents 

 C. For eight properties we acquired during 2012, we assumed $110.5 million of mortgages payable to third-party lenders and recorded $10.0 million of net premiums. See note 8 for a discussion of these transactions. 

 D. For four properties we acquired during 2011, we assumed $67.4 million of mortgages payable to third-party lenders and recorded $820,000 of net premiums. Additionally, we assumed an $8.8 million note receivable. See note 8 for a discussion of these transactions. 

 E. In 2010, we recorded a $799,000 receivable for the sale of an investment property as a result of an eminent domain action. We received cash for this eminent domain action in 2012. The $799,000 receivable is included in other assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2011. 

 F. In 2010, we recorded a $600,000 receivable for the sale of excess land, which was included on our consolidated balance sheet at that time. We received cash for this excess land in 2011. 

 G. In accordance with our policy, we recorded increases to our estimated legal obligations related to asset retirement obligations on two land leases in the following amounts: $31,000 in 2012, $152,000 in 2011 and $82,000 in 2010. These asset retirement obligations account for the difference between our obligations to the landlord under the two land leases and our subtenant’s obligations to us under the subleases. 

 H. Accrued costs on properties under development resulted in an increase in buildings and improvements and accounts payable of $3.8 million at December 31, 2012 and $3.7 million at December 31, 2011. 

 17. Employee Benefit Plan 

 We have a 401(k) plan covering substantially all of our employees. Under our 401(k) plan, employees may elect to make contributions to the plan up to a maximum of 60% of their compensation, subject to limits under the Code. We match 50% of our employee’s contributions, up to 3% of the employee’s compensation. Our aggregate matching contributions each year have been immaterial to our results of operations. 

 18. Common Stock Incentive Plan 

 In March 2012, our Board of Directors adopted, and in May 2012, our stockholders approved the Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan, or the 2012 Plan, to enable us to motivate, attract and retain the services of directors, employees and consultants considered essential to our long-term success. The 2012 Plan offers our directors, employees and consultants an opportunity to own stock in Realty Income or rights that will reflect our growth, development and financial success. Under the terms of the 2012 plan, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock subject to options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, or SARs, restricted stock units and other awards, will be no more than 3,985,734 shares. The 2012 Plan, which has a term of 10 years from the date it was adopted by our Board of Directors, replaced the 2003 Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (as amended and restated February 21, 2006), or the 2003 Plan, which was set to expire in March 2013. No further awards will be granted under the 2003 Plan. The disclosures below incorporate activity for both the 2003 Plan and the 2012 Plan. 

 The amount of share-based compensation costs recognized in general and administrative expense on our consolidated statements of income was $10.0 million during 2012, was $7.9 million during 2011 and was $6.2 million during 2010. 

 -76- 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our common stock grant activity under our 2003 Plan and 2012 Plan, or the Incentive Award Plans. Our common stock grants vest over periods ranging from immediately to 10 years. 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Number of
 shares 

 Weighted
 average
 price (1) 

 Number of
 shares 

 Weighted
 average
 price (1) 

 Number of
 shares 

 Weighted
 average
 price (1) 

 Outstanding nonvested shares, beginning of year 

 925,526 

 $ 20.21 

 924,294 

 $ 19.69 

 853,234 

 $ 19.14 

 Shares granted 

 261,811 

 35.06 

 247,214 

 33.94 

 278,200 

 28.99 

 Shares vested 

 (290,877) 

 27.47 

 (245,487) 

 25.26 

 (206,153) 

 23.70 

 Shares forfeited 

 (910) 

 31.67 

 (495) 

 31.37 

 (987) 

 26.03 

 Outstanding nonvested shares, end of year 

 895,550 

 $ 19.94 

 925,526 

 $ 20.21 

 924,294 

 $ 19.69 

 (1) Grant date fair value. 

 During 2012, we issued 261,811 shares of common stock under our Incentive Award Plans. These shares vest over the following service periods: 26,484 vested immediately, 68,600 vest over a service period of two years, 16,000 vest over a service period of three years and 150,727 vest over a service period of five years. 

 The vesting schedule for shares granted to non-employee directors is as follows: 

 – For directors with less than six years of service at the date of grant, shares vest in 33.33% increments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date the shares of stock are granted; 

 – For directors with six years of service at the date of grant, shares vest in 50% increments on each of the first two anniversaries of the date the shares of stock are granted; 

 – For directors with seven years of service at the date of grant, shares are 100% vested on the first anniversary of the date the shares of stock are granted; and 

 – For directors with eight or more years of service at the date of grant, there is immediate vesting as of the date the shares of stock are granted. 

 The vesting schedule for shares granted to employees is as follows: 

 – For employees age 55 and below at the grant date, shares vest in 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the grant date; 

 – For employees age 56 at the grant date, shares vest in 25% increments on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date; 

 – For employees age 57 at the grant date, shares vest in 33.33% increments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date; 

 – For employees age 58 at the grant date, shares vest in 50% increments on each of the first two anniversaries of the grant date; 

 – For employees age 59 at the grant date, shares are 100% vested on the first anniversary of the grant date; and 

 – For employees age 60 and above at the grant date, shares vest immediately on the grant date. 

 After they have been employed for six full months, all non-executive employees receive 200 shares of nonvested stock which vests over a five year period. Additionally, depending on certain company performance metrics, non-executive employees may receive grants of nonvested stock which vests over a five year period. 

 As of December 31, 2012, the remaining unamortized share-based compensation expense totaled $17.9 million, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the service period of each applicable award. The amount of share-based compensation is based on the fair value of the stock at the grant date. We define the grant date as the date the recipient and Realty Income have a mutual understanding of the key terms and condition of the award, and the recipient of the grant begins to benefit from, or be adversely affected by, subsequent changes in the price of the shares. 

 -77- 

 Table of Contents 

 Due to a historically low turnover rate, we do not estimate a forfeiture rate for our nonvested shares. Accordingly, unexpected forfeitures will lower share-based compensation expense during the applicable period. Under the terms of our Incentive Award Plans, we pay non-refundable dividends to the holders of our nonvested shares. Applicable accounting guidance requires that the dividends paid to holders of these nonvested shares be charged as compensation expense to the extent that they relate to nonvested shares that do not or are not expected to vest. However, since we do not estimate forfeitures given our historical trends, we did not record any amount to compensation expense related to dividends paid in 2012, 2011 or 2010. 

 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no remaining stock options outstanding. All outstanding options were fully vested as of December 31, 2006. Stock options, none of which were granted after January 1, 2002, were granted with an exercise price equal to the underlying stock’s fair value at the date of grant. 

 The following table summarizes our stock option activity for the years: 

 2011 

 2010 

 Number of
 shares 

 Weighted
 average
 exercise
 price 

 Number of
 shares 

 Weighted
 average
 exercise
 price 

 Outstanding options, beginning of year 

 2,454 

 $14.70 

 5,846 

 $14.70 

 Options exercised 

 (2,454) 

 14.70 

 (3,392) 

 14.70 

 Outstanding and exercisable options, end of year 

 -- 

 $ -- 

 2,454 

 $14.70 

 The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock at December 31 of each year exceeds the exercise price of the option. The market value of our stock was $34.20 at December 31, 2010. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was $48,000 and $61,000, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $48,000 at December 31, 2010. 

 19. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 In March 2011, we established a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, or the DSPP, to provide our common stockholders, as well as new investors, with a convenient and economical method of purchasing our common stock and reinvesting their distributions. The DSPP also allows our current stockholders to buy additional shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of their distributions. The DSPP authorizes up to 6,000,000 common shares to be issued. During 2012, we issued 55,598 shares and raised approximately $2.2 million under the DSPP. During 2011, we issued 59,605 shares and raised approximately $2.0 million under the DSPP. From the inception of the DSPP through December 31, 2012, we have issued 115,203 shares and raised approximately $4.2 million. 

 20. Segment Information 

 We evaluate performance and make resource allocation decisions on an industry by industry basis. For financial reporting purposes, we have grouped our tenants into 45 activity segments. All of the properties are incorporated into one of the applicable segments. Because almost all of our leases require the tenant to pay operating expenses, revenue is the only component of segment profit and loss we measure. 

 -78- 

 Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth certain information regarding the properties owned by us, classified according to the business of the respective tenants, as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Assets, as of December 31: 

 2012 

 2011 

 Segment net real estate: 

 Automotive service 

 $ 

 96,830 

 $ 

 99,974 

 Automotive tire services 

 184,601 

 191,797 

 Beverages 

 310,555 

 314,832 

 Child care 

 61,747 

 66,213 

 Convenience stores 

 670,103 

 690,246 

 Dollar stores 

 450,566 

 1,327 

 Drug stores 

 159,482 

 154,015 

 Food Processing 

 102,964 

 52,349 

 Grocery stores 

 219,216 

 224,893 

 Health and fitness 

 330,503 

 293,624 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 450,182 

 469,025 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 251,084 

 277,648 

 Sporting goods 

 77,737 

 80,351 

 Theaters 

 381,123 

 383,452 

 Transportation services 

 130,203 

 107,632 

 Wholesale clubs 

 308,202 

 154,964 

 29 non-reportable segments 

 857,039 

 597,666 

 Total segment net real estate 

 5,042,137 

 4,160,008 

 Intangible assets: 

 Automotive tire services 

 470 

 529 

 Beverages 

 3,313 

 3,571 

 Dollar stores 

 12,475 

 -- 

 Drug stores 

 14,885 

 14,422 

 Food Processing 

 21,785 

 15,899 

 Grocery stores 

 5,650 

 6,096 

 Health and fitness 

 15,056 

 1,566 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 3,464 

 4,037 

 Sporting goods 

 4,862 

 5,324 

 Theaters 

 28,475 

 31,162 

 Transportation services 

 27,997 

 28,944 

 Other - non-reportable segments 

 103,693 

 41,786 

 Goodwill: 

 Automotive service 

 471 

 472 

 Automotive tire services 

 865 

 866 

 Child care 

 5,276 

 5,353 

 Convenience stores 

 2,064 

 2,073 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 2,430 

 2,461 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 1,176 

 1,318 

 Other - non reportable segments 

 4,663 

 4,663 

 Other corporate assets 

 142,156 

 88,839 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 5,443,363 

 $ 

 4,419,389 

 -79- 

 Table of Contents 

 Revenue 

 For the years ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Segment rental revenue: 

 Automotive service 

 $ 

 14,961 

 $ 

 15,168 

 $ 

 15,308 

 Automotive tire services 

 22,604 

 22,595 

 22,345 

 Beverages 

 24,553 

 23,458 

 10,292 

 Child care 

 21,342 

 21,508 

 21,487 

 Convenience stores 

 77,905 

 77,481 

 58,514 

 Dollar stores 

 10,324 

 143 

 143 

 Drug stores 

 16,594 

 15,809 

 13,962 

 Food Processing 

 6,213 

 2,953 

 -- 

 Grocery stores 

 17,836 

 7,149 

 3,204 

 Health and fitness 

 32,782 

 26,769 

 23,730 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 34,510 

 44,632 

 44,649 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 28,109 

 24,671 

 23,565 

 Sporting goods 

 11,798 

 11,176 

 9,144 

 Theaters 

 45,073 

 36,812 

 30,634 

 Transportation services 

 11,516 

 7,586 

 750 

 Wholesale clubs 

 15,217 

 3,059 

 -- 

 29 non-reportable segments 

 82,404 

 67,671 

 55,053 

 Total rental revenue 

 473,741 

 408,640 

 332,780 

 Other revenue 

 1,769 

 1,612 

 657 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 475,510 

 $ 

 410,252 

 $ 

 333,437 

 21. Commitments and Contingencies 

 In the ordinary course of business, we are party to various legal actions which we believe are routine in nature and incidental to the operation of our business. We believe that the outcome of the proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 At December 31, 2012, we had contingent payments of $944,000 for tenant improvements and leasing costs. In addition, as of December 31, 2012, we had committed $16.0 million under construction contracts, which is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. 

 We have certain properties that are subject to ground leases which are accounted for as operating leases. At December 31, 2012, minimum future rental payments for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

 Ground Leases
 Paid by Realty
 Income (1) 

 Ground Leases
 Paid by Our
 Tenants (2) 

 Total 

 2013 

 $ 181 

 $ 4,249 

 $ 4,430 

 2014 

 189 

 4,111 

 4,300 

 2015 

 191 

 4,074 

 4,265 

 2016 

 201 

 4,038 

 4,239 

 2017 

 210 

 3,944 

 4,154 

 Thereafter 

 424 

 48,769 

 49,193 

 Total 

 $ 1,396 

 $ 69,185 

 $ 70,581 

 (1) Realty Income currently pays the ground lessors directly for the rent under the ground leases. 

 (2) Our tenants, who are generally sub-tenants under the ground leases, are responsible for paying the rent under these ground leases. In the event a tenant fails to pay the ground lease rent, we are primarily responsible. 

 22. Subsequent Events 

 In January 2013 and February 2013, we declared the following dividends, which will be paid in February 2013 and March 2013, respectively: 

 - $0.1809167 per share to our common stockholders; 

 - $0.140625 per share to our Class E preferred stockholders; and 

 - $0.138021 per share to our Class F preferred stockholders. 

 -80- 

 Table of Contents 

 Our stockholders and ARCT stockholders approved our acquisition of ARCT at special meetings of common stockholders on January 16, 2013. The acquisition of ARCT was completed on January 22, 2013. See note 4 for additional information. 

 In conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT, we assumed approximately $516.3 million of mortgages payable, which are secured by the properties on which the debt was placed. Of this amount, approximately $495.1 million is considered non-recourse with limited customary exceptions for items such as bankruptcy, misrepresentation, fraud, misapplication of payments, environmental liabilities, failure to pay taxes, insurance premiums, liens on the property, and uninsured losses. Approximately $6.6 million of the assumed mortgage debt from ARCT has full recourse to Realty Income and the remaining $14.6 million of the assumed debt is not guaranteed by Realty Income. 

 In January 2013, in conjunction with our acquisition of ARCT, we entered into a $70 million senior unsecured term loan maturing January 21, 2018. Borrowing under the term loan bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly referred to as LIBOR, plus 1.20%. In conjunction with this term loan, we also acquired an interest rate swap which essentially fixes our per annum interest rate on the term loan at 2.15%. 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA 

 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 (not covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm) 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Year (2) 

 2012 (1) 

 Total revenue 

 $ 112,639 

 $ 114,023 

 $ 118,710 

 $ 130,139 

 $ 475,510 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 34,686 

 35,046 

 37,552 

 42,313 

 149,597 

 Interest expense 

 28,952 

 28,806 

 29,720 

 35,065 

 122,542 

 Other expenses 

 11,745 

 11,437 

 16,902 

 17,315 

 57,400 

 Income from continuing operations 

 37,256 

 38,734 

 34,536 

 35,446 

 145,971 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 2,007 

 4,673 

 2,922 

 3,578 

 13,181 

 Net income 

 39,263 

 43,407 

 37,458 

 39,024 

 159,152 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 26,071 

 32,950 

 26,976 

 28,542 

 114,538 

 Net income per common share:
 Basic and diluted 

 0.20 

 0.25 

 0.20 

 0.21 

 0.86 

 Dividends paid per common share 

 0.4365000 

 0.4374375 

 0.4433750 

 0.4543125 

 1.7716250 

 2011 (1) 

 Total revenue 

 $ 94,703 

 $ 99,102 

 $ 104,692 

 $ 111,755 

 $ 410,252 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 25,878 

 28,168 

 31,114 

 33,714 

 118,874 

 Interest expense 

 25,122 

 25,647 

 28,550 

 28,983 

 108,301 

 Other expenses 

 9,632 

 9,653 

 8,897 

 10,270 

 38,452 

 Income from continuing operations 

 34,071 

 35,634 

 36,131 

 38,788 

 144,625 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,928 

 3,614 

 4,649 

 2,216 

 12,407 

 Net income 

 35,999 

 39,248 

 40,780 

 41,004 

 157,032 

 Net income available to common stockholders 

 29,936 

 33,185 

 34,717 

 34,941 

 132,779 

 Net income per common share: 
 Basic and diluted 

 0.25 

 0.26 

 0.27 

 0.26 

 1.05 

 Dividends paid per common share 

 0.4327500 

 0.4336875 

 0.4346250 

 0.4355625 

 1.7366250 

 (1) The consolidated quarterly financial data includes revenues and expenses from our continuing and discontinued operations. The results of operations related to certain properties, classified as held for sale or disposed of, have been reclassified to income from discontinued operations. Therefore, some of the information may not agree to our previously filed 10-Qs. 

 (2) Amounts for each period are calculated independently. The sum of the quarters may differ from the annual amount. 

 Item 9: Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 We have had no disagreements with our independent registered public accounting firm on accounting matters or financial disclosure, nor have we changed accountants in the two most recent fiscal years. 

 -81- 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and were operating at a reasonable assurance level. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 

 Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled “Internal Control–Integrated Framework” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the most recent fiscal year. KPMG LLP has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Submitted on February 14, 2013 by, 

 Thomas A Lewis, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman 

 Paul M. Meurer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer 

 -82- 

 Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Controls 

 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2012 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to material affect, our internal control over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2012, there were no material weaknesses in our internal controls, and therefore, no corrective actions were taken. 

 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

 Item 9B: Other Information 

 None. 

 PART III 

 Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions “Board of Directors” and “Executive Officers of the Company” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders is presently scheduled to be held on May 7, 2013. 

 Item 11: Executive Compensation 

 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption “Executive Compensation” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 13: Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 

 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption “Related Party Transactions” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 14: Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 -83- 

 Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

 Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 A. The following documents are filed as part of this report. 

 1. Financial Statements (see Item 8) 

 a. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 b. Consolidated Balance Sheets, 

 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 c. Consolidated Statements of Income, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 d. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 e. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, 

 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 f. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 g. Consolidated Quarterly Financial Data, 

 (unaudited) for 2012 and 2011 

 2. Financial Statement Schedule. Reference is made to page F-1 of this report for Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission). 

 Schedules not Filed: All schedules, other than those indicated in the Table of Contents, have been omitted as the required information is either not material, inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 

 3. Exhibits 

 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 

 Exhibit No. 

 Description 

 2.1 

 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 6, 2012, by and among Realty Income Corporation, Tau Acquisition LLC and American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 6, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 2.2 

 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2013, by and among Realty Income Corporation, Tau Acquisition LLC and American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.1 

 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended by amendment No. 1 dated May 10, 2005 and amendment No. 2 dated May 10, 2005 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference), amendment No. 3 dated July 29, 2011 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on August 2, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference); and amendment No. 4 dated June 21, 2012 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on June 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 -84- 

 Table of Contents 

 3.2 

 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company dated December 12, 2007 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference), as amended on May 13, 2008 (amendment filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on May 14, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference), February 7, 2012 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on February 13, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) and February 21, 2012 (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.3 

 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company classifying and designating the 6.75% Monthly Income Class E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated November 30, 2006 (filed as exhibit 3.5 to the Company’s Form 8-A, filed on December 5, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.4 

 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company classifying and designating the 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated February 3, 2012 (the “First Class F Articles Supplementary”) (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on February 3, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.5 

 Certificate of Correction to the First Class F Articles Supplementary, dated April 11, 2012 (filed as exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on April 17, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.6 

 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company classifying and designating additional shares of the 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated April 17, 2012 (filed as exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on April 17, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures 

 4.1 

 Indenture dated as of October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on October 28, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.2 

 Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2013 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.3 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.375% Senior Notes due 2013 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.4 

 Form of 5.50% Senior Notes due 2015 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on November 24, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.5 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.50% Senior Notes due 2015 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on November 24, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.6 

 Form of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2035 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on March 11, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.7 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.875% Senior Debentures due 2035 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on March 11, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 -85- 

 Table of Contents 

 4.8 

 Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2017 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 16, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.9 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.375% Senior Notes due 2017 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 16, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.10 

 Form of 5.95% Senior Notes due 2016 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 18, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.11 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.95% Senior Notes due 2016 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 18, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.12 

 Form of 6.75% Notes due 2019 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 5, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.13 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on September 5, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.14 

 Form of 5.750% Notes due 2021 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to Company’s Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.15 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Successor Trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled 5.750% Notes due 2021 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.16 

 Form of Common Stock Certificate (filed as exhibit 4.16 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.17 

 Form of Preferred Stock Certificate representing the 6.75% Monthly Income Class E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-A, filed on December 5, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.18 

 Form of Preferred Stock Certificate representing the 6.625% Monthly Income Class F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on February 3, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.19 

 Officer’s Certificate pursuant to sections 201, 301 and 303 of the Indenture dated October 28, 1998 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee, establishing a series of securities entitled “2.000% Notes due 2018” and establishing a series of securities entitled “3.250% Notes due 2022” (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.20 

 Form of 2.000% Note due 2018 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to Company’s Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 -86- 

 Table of Contents 

 4.21 

 Form of 3.250% Note due 2022 (filed as exhibit 4.3 to Company’s Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 Material Contracts 

 10.1 

 Form indemnification agreement between the Company and each executive officer and each director of the Board of Directors of the Company (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on May 4, 2011 and dated May 3, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.2 

 1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (registration number 33-95708), dated August 11, 1995 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.3 

 First Amendment to the 1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, dated June 12, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 8-B, filed on July 29, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.4 

 Second Amendment to the 1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, dated December 16, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.5 

 Management Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.6 

 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for Independent Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.7 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and Executive Officers under the 2003 Stock Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (filed as exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 6, 2005 and dated January 1, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.8 

 2003 Stock Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation, as amended and restated February 21, 2006 (filed as exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.9 

 Amendment dated May 15, 2007 to the Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.10 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2003 Stock Incentive Award Plan of Realty Income Corporation (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.11 

 Amended and Restated Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and its Executive Officers (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 7, 2010 and dated January 5, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.12 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for John P. Case (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.13 

 Credit Agreement dated December 13, 2010 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.14 

 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Company’s Registration Statement 333-158169 on Form 424B5, filed on and dated March 23, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 -87- 

 Table of Contents 

 10.15 

 The First Amendment to Credit Agreement among the Company, as Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto (as defined in the original Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2010), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2011 and dated March 25, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.16 

 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)5) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on March 22, 2012, as a prospectus supplement to the Company’s prospectus dated March 2, 2012 (File No. 333-179872) and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.17 

 Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan (filed as Appendix B to the Company’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 30, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.18 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated May 10, 2012 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.19 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees under the Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.20 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Realty Income Corporation 2012 Incentive Award Plan (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.21 

 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2013, by and among Tau Operating Partnership, L.P. and Lenders (as defined therein) (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed on January 22, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 Statement of Ratios 

 *12.1 

 Statements re computation of ratios . 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

 *21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Company as of February 14, 2013. 

 Consents of Experts and Counsel 

 *23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

 Certifications 

 *31.1 

 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications as filed by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC release No. 33-8212 and 34-47551. 

 *31.2 

 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications as filed by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC release No. 33-8212 and 34-47551. 

 *32 

 Section 1350 Certifications as furnished by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC release No. 33-8212 and 34-47551. 

 Interactive Data Files 

 *101 

 The following materials from Realty Income Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vi) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. 

 * Filed herewith. 

 -88- 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION 

 By: 

 /s/THOMAS A. LEWIS 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Thomas A. Lewis 

 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 By: 

 /s/MICHAEL D. MCKEE 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Michael D. McKee 

 Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 By: 

 /s/THOMAS A. LEWIS 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Thomas A. Lewis 

 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

 By: 

 /s/KATHLEEN R. ALLEN, Ph.D. 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Kathleen R. Allen, Ph.D. 

 Director 

 By: 

 /s/A. LARRY CHAPMAN 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 A. Larry Chapman 

 Director 

 By: 

 /s/PRIYA CHERIAN HUSKINS 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Priya Cherian Huskins 

 Director 

 By: 

 /s/GREGORY T. MCLAUGHLIN 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Gregory T. McLaughlin 

 Director 

 By: 

 /s/RONALD L. MERRIMAN 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Ronald L. Merriman 

 Director 

 By: 

 /s/PAUL M. MEURER 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Paul M. Meurer 

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

 By: 

 /s/GREGORY J. FAHEY 

 Date: February 14, 2013 

 Gregory J. Fahey 

 Senior Vice President, Controller 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 -89- 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Aerospace 

 Batesville 

 MS 

 8,765,446 

 2,160,849 

 17,219,291 

 None 

 None 

 2,160,849 

 17,219,291 

 19,380,140 

 258,289 

 08/09/12 

 300 

 DFW Airport 

 TX 

 23,496,251 

 0 

 37,503,886 

 13,600 

 None 

 0 

 37,517,486 

 37,517,486 

 2,310,596 

 06/20/11 

 300 

 Apparel 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 619,035 

 867,013 

 6,484 

 43,549 

 619,035 

 917,046 

 1,536,081 

 527,798 

 02/11/99 

 300 

 Elk Grove 

 CA 

 None 

 804,327 

 2,668,492 

 None 

 None 

 804,327 

 2,668,492 

 3,472,819 

 31,132 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Hanford 

 CA 

 None 

 562,812 

 3,468,215 

 None 

 None 

 562,812 

 3,468,215 

 4,031,027 

 40,463 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Lodi 

 CA 

 None 

 3,153,559 

 2,661,260 

 None 

 None 

 3,153,559 

 2,661,260 

 5,814,819 

 31,048 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Manteca 

 CA 

 None 

 1,565,672 

 4,440,141 

 None 

 None 

 1,565,672 

 4,440,141 

 6,005,813 

 37,802 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Moreno Valley 

 CA 

 None 

 1,699,937 

 3,113,035 

 None 

 None 

 1,699,937 

 3,113,035 

 4,812,972 

 36,319 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Redlands 

 CA 

 None 

 3,006,680 

 2,242,430 

 None 

 None 

 3,006,680 

 2,242,428 

 5,249,108 

 26,162 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 3,446,351 

 4,460,201 

 None 

 None 

 3,446,351 

 4,460,201 

 7,906,552 

 52,036 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 South Lake Tahoe 

 CA 

 None 

 3,110,000 

 3,176,091 

 None 

 None 

 3,110,000 

 3,176,091 

 6,286,091 

 280,555 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Sun Valley 

 CA 

 None 

 4,631,964 

 4,710,912 

 None 

 None 

 4,631,964 

 4,710,912 

 9,342,876 

 54,961 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Vacaville 

 CA 

 None 

 1,299,816 

 3,375,574 

 None 

 None 

 1,299,816 

 3,375,574 

 4,675,390 

 39,382 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Danbury 

 CT 

 None 

 1,096,861 

 6,217,688 

 116,255 

 56 

 1,096,861 

 6,333,999 

 7,430,860 

 3,851,964 

 09/30/97 

 300 

 Manchester 

 CT 

 None 

 771,660 

 3,653,539 

 1,661 

 161 

 771,660 

 3,655,361 

 4,427,021 

 2,162,361 

 03/26/98 

 300 

 Manchester 

 CT 

 None 

 1,250,464 

 5,917,037 

 3,555 

 None 

 1,250,464 

 5,920,592 

 7,171,056 

 3,502,378 

 03/26/98 

 300 

 Deerfield Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 3,160,000 

 4,832,848 

 6,603 

 None 

 3,160,000 

 4,839,451 

 7,999,451 

 427,411 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Missoula 

 MT 

 None 

 163,100 

 362,249 

 None 

 10 

 163,100 

 362,259 

 525,359 

 362,250 

 10/30/87 

 300 

 Staten Island 

 NY 

 None 

 4,202,093 

 3,385,021 

 14,018 

 None 

 4,202,093 

 3,399,039 

 7,601,132 

 2,003,719 

 03/26/98 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 1,210,000 

 2,675,265 

 None 

 None 

 1,210,000 

 2,675,265 

 3,885,265 

 236,315 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 The Colony 

 TX 

 None 

 2,580,000 

 2,214,133 

 20,700 

 None 

 2,580,000 

 2,234,833 

 4,814,833 

 198,428 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Automotive collision services 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 1,085,560 

 2,137,425 

 None 

 None 

 1,085,560 

 2,137,425 

 3,222,985 

 78,293 

 01/05/12 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 480,348 

 2,127,792 

 None 

 None 

 480,348 

 2,127,792 

 2,608,140 

 51,743 

 06/08/12 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Highlands Ranch 

 CO 

 None 

 583,289 

 2,139,057 

 None 

 None 

 583,289 

 2,139,057 

 2,722,346 

 744,394 

 07/10/07 

 08/11/03 

 300 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 None 

 601,388 

 2,169,898 

 None 

 None 

 601,388 

 2,169,898 

 2,771,286 

 608,359 

 02/02/06 

 11/12/04 

 300 

 Parker 

 CO 

 None 

 868,768 

 2,653,745 

 None 

 None 

 868,768 

 2,653,745 

 3,522,513 

 747,806 

 09/07/12 

 07/03/03 

 300 

 Thornton 

 CO 

 None 

 693,323 

 1,896,616 

 None 

 128 

 693,323 

 1,896,744 

 2,590,067 

 608,229 

 10/05/04 

 10/15/03 

 300 

 Cumming 

 GA 

 None 

 661,624 

 1,822,363 

 None 

 None 

 661,624 

 1,822,363 

 2,483,987 

 672,568 

 09/18/03 

 12/31/02 

 300 

 Douglasville 

 GA 

 None 

 679,868 

 1,935,515 

 None 

 None 

 679,868 

 1,935,515 

 2,615,383 

 720,072 

 08/11/03 

 12/30/02 

 300 

 Macon 

 GA 

 None 

 1,400,000 

 1,317,435 

 None 

 None 

 1,400,000 

 1,317,435 

 2,717,435 

 30,716 

 05/11/12 

 01/10/12 

 300 

 Morrow 

 GA 

 None 

 725,948 

 1,846,315 

 None 

 None 

 725,948 

 1,846,315 

 2,572,263 

 692,303 

 07/07/03 

 08/30/02 

 300 

 Peachtree City 

 GA 

 None 

 1,190,380 

 689,284 

 None 

 None 

 1,190,380 

 689,284 

 1,879,664 

 275,407 

 12/16/02 

 09/19/02 

 300 

 Roswell 

 GA 

 None 

 1,825,000 

 1,934,495 

 None 

 None 

 1,825,000 

 1,934,495 

 3,759,495 

 76,129 

 12/22/11 

 08/10/11 

 300 

 Warner Robins 

 GA 

 None 

 1,250,000 

 1,012,258 

 None 

 None 

 1,250,000 

 1,012,258 

 2,262,258 

 36,792 

 01/11/12 

 09/01/11 

 300 

 Ham Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 192,610 

 1,930,958 

 None 

 None 

 192,610 

 1,930,958 

 2,123,568 

 621,337 

 07/01/04 

 10/31/03 

 300 

 Stillwater 

 MN 

 None 

 656,250 

 1,218,750 

 None 

 None 

 656,250 

 1,218,750 

 1,875,000 

 6,094 

 11/16/12 

 300 

 Olive Branch 

 MS 

 None 

 350,000 

 1,965,718 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 1,965,718 

 2,315,718 

 118,077 

 06/29/11 

 11/02/10 

 300 

 Cary 

 NC 

 None 

 610,389 

 1,492,235 

 None 

 None 

 610,389 

 1,492,235 

 2,102,624 

 395,442 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 680,969 

 1,323,140 

 None 

 24 

 680,969 

 1,323,164 

 2,004,133 

 350,654 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 378,813 

 1,150,679 

 None 

 None 

 378,813 

 1,150,679 

 1,529,492 

 342,333 

 07/15/05 

 12/21/04 

 300 

 Bartlett 

 TN 

 None 

 648,526 

 1,960,733 

 None 

 None 

 648,526 

 1,960,733 

 2,609,259 

 630,924 

 08/03/04 

 10/27/03 

 300 

 Riverton 

 UT 

 None 

 1,100,000 

 1,525,708 

 None 

 None 

 1,100,000 

 1,525,708 

 2,625,708 

 20 

 In-progress 

 07/26/12 

 300 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 None 

 2,900,000 

 1,598,391 

 None 

 None 

 2,900,000 

 1,598,391 

 4,498,391 

 51,509 

 02/17/12 

 10/11/11 

 300 

 F-1 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Automotive parts 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 355,823 

 660,814 

 None 

 None 

 355,823 

 660,814 

 1,016,637 

 1,101 

 12/07/12 

 300 

 Millbrook 

 AL 

 None 

 108,000 

 518,741 

 88,207 

 211 

 108,000 

 607,159 

 715,159 

 294,116 

 12/10/98 

 01/21/99 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 254,465 

 502,350 

 10,819 

 295 

 254,465 

 513,464 

 767,929 

 296,721 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 231,000 

 513,057 

 None 

 62 

 231,000 

 513,119 

 744,119 

 513,059 

 11/09/87 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 222,950 

 495,178 

 None 

 102 

 222,950 

 495,280 

 718,230 

 459,418 

 11/02/89 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 194,250 

 431,434 

 None 

 None 

 194,250 

 431,434 

 625,684 

 431,434 

 10/30/87 

 300 

 Grass Valley 

 CA 

 None 

 325,000 

 384,955 

 None 

 None 

 325,000 

 384,955 

 709,955 

 379,385 

 05/20/88 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 210,000 

 466,419 

 None 

 127 

 210,000 

 466,546 

 676,546 

 466,547 

 11/25/87 

 300 

 Turlock 

 CA 

 None 

 222,250 

 493,627 

 None 

 None 

 222,250 

 493,627 

 715,877 

 493,627 

 12/30/87 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 141,400 

 314,056 

 None 

 82 

 141,400 

 314,138 

 455,538 

 314,075 

 11/18/87 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 315,000 

 699,623 

 None 

 290 

 315,000 

 699,913 

 1,014,913 

 689,735 

 05/16/88 

 300 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 None 

 252,925 

 561,758 

 None 

 181 

 252,925 

 561,939 

 814,864 

 559,881 

 02/12/88 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 DE 

 None 

 232,273 

 472,855 

 15,774 

 None 

 232,273 

 488,629 

 720,902 

 272,118 

 08/07/98 

 300 

 Deerfield Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 475,000 

 871,738 

 2,420 

 31,798 

 475,000 

 905,956 

 1,380,956 

 499,395 

 01/29/99 

 300 

 Merritt Island 

 FL 

 None 

 309,652 

 482,459 

 25,854 

 21,831 

 309,652 

 530,144 

 839,796 

 318,239 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 None 

 652,551 

 763,360 

 27,163 

 45,476 

 652,551 

 835,999 

 1,488,550 

 439,881 

 12/18/98 

 300 

 Council Bluffs 

 IA 

 None 

 194,355 

 431,668 

 None 

 None 

 194,355 

 431,668 

 626,023 

 425,470 

 05/19/88 

 300 

 Boise 

 ID 

 None 

 158,400 

 351,812 

 None 

 5,428 

 158,400 

 357,240 

 515,640 

 347,793 

 05/06/88 

 300 

 Lewiston 

 ID 

 None 

 138,950 

 308,612 

 None 

 None 

 138,950 

 308,612 

 447,562 

 308,612 

 09/16/87 

 300 

 Moscow 

 ID 

 None 

 117,250 

 260,417 

 None 

 None 

 117,250 

 260,417 

 377,667 

 260,417 

 09/14/87 

 300 

 Peoria 

 IL 

 None 

 193,868 

 387,737 

 (85,899) 

 85 

 193,868 

 301,923 

 495,791 

 256,946 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Brazil 

 IN 

 None 

 183,952 

 453,831 

 8,942 

 173 

 183,952 

 462,946 

 646,898 

 253,701 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 148,901 

 645,660 

 147,678 

 28,327 

 148,901 

 821,665 

 970,566 

 496,907 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Plainfield 

 IN 

 None 

 453,645 

 908,485 

 42,619 

 47,114 

 453,645 

 998,218 

 1,451,863 

 551,556 

 01/30/98 

 300 

 Princeton 

 IN 

 None 

 134,209 

 560,113 

 None 

 211 

 134,209 

 560,324 

 694,533 

 309,170 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Vincennes 

 IN 

 None 

 185,312 

 489,779 

 10,598 

 173 

 185,312 

 500,550 

 685,862 

 270,410 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 222,000 

 455,881 

 18,738 

 146 

 222,000 

 474,765 

 696,765 

 460,084 

 05/16/88 

 300 

 Alma 

 MI 

 None 

 155,000 

 600,282 

 13,902 

 122 

 155,000 

 614,306 

 769,306 

 329,066 

 04/29/99 

 02/10/99 

 300 

 Lansing 

 MI 

 None 

 265,000 

 574,931 

 132,237 

 303 

 265,000 

 707,471 

 972,471 

 361,823 

 04/30/99 

 12/03/98 

 300 

 Sturgis 

 MI 

 None 

 109,558 

 550,274 

 10,272 

 94 

 109,558 

 560,640 

 670,198 

 310,387 

 12/30/98 

 300 

 Batesville 

 MS 

 None 

 190,124 

 485,670 

 None 

 173 

 190,124 

 485,843 

 675,967 

 280,936 

 07/27/98 

 300 

 Horn Lake 

 MS 

 None 

 142,702 

 514,779 

 3,945 

 211 

 142,702 

 518,935 

 661,637 

 299,696 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Richland 

 MS 

 None 

 243,565 

 558,645 

 10,302 

 211 

 243,565 

 569,158 

 812,723 

 293,584 

 12/21/99 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 196,000 

 435,321 

 None 

 32 

 196,000 

 435,353 

 631,353 

 429,074 

 05/26/88 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 199,100 

 412,042 

 None 

 32 

 199,100 

 412,074 

 611,174 

 406,087 

 05/27/88 

 300 

 Rio Rancho 

 NM 

 None 

 211,577 

 469,923 

 None 

 None 

 211,577 

 469,923 

 681,500 

 468,230 

 02/26/88 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 161,000 

 357,585 

 260,000 

 None 

 161,000 

 617,585 

 778,585 

 504,919 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Canton 

 OH 

 None 

 396,560 

 597,553 

 None 

 25,682 

 396,560 

 623,235 

 1,019,795 

 348,783 

 08/14/98 

 300 

 Centerville 

 OH 

 None 

 601,408 

 758,192 

 9,017 

 38,193 

 601,408 

 805,402 

 1,406,810 

 446,279 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Hamilton 

 OH 

 None 

 183,000 

 515,727 

 2,941 

 122 

 183,000 

 518,790 

 701,790 

 284,714 

 04/07/99 

 12/03/98 

 300 

 Del City 

 OK 

 None 

 634,664 

 1,178,662 

 None 

 None 

 634,664 

 1,178,662 

 1,813,326 

 1,964 

 12/07/12 

 300 

 Albany 

 OR 

 None 

 152,250 

 338,153 

 None 

 None 

 152,250 

 338,153 

 490,403 

 338,153 

 08/24/87 

 300 

 Beaverton 

 OR 

 None 

 210,000 

 466,419 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 466,419 

 676,419 

 466,419 

 08/26/87 

 300 

 Portland 

 OR 

 None 

 190,750 

 423,664 

 None 

 None 

 190,750 

 423,664 

 614,414 

 423,664 

 08/12/87 

 300 

 Portland 

 OR 

 None 

 147,000 

 326,493 

 None 

 None 

 147,000 

 326,493 

 473,493 

 326,493 

 08/26/87 

 300 

 Salem 

 OR 

 None 

 136,500 

 303,170 

 None 

 None 

 136,500 

 303,170 

 439,670 

 303,170 

 08/20/87 

 300 

 Butler 

 PA 

 None 

 339,929 

 633,078 

 20,558 

 230 

 339,929 

 653,866 

 993,795 

 375,431 

 08/07/98 

 300 

 F-2 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Dover 

 PA 

 None 

 265,112 

 593,341 

 None 

 None 

 265,112 

 593,341 

 858,453 

 345,126 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Enola 

 PA 

 None 

 220,228 

 546,026 

 11,416 

 172 

 220,228 

 557,614 

 777,842 

 310,715 

 11/10/98 

 300 

 Hanover 

 PA 

 None 

 132,500 

 719,511 

 None 

 232 

 132,500 

 719,743 

 852,243 

 385,295 

 07/26/99 

 05/13/99 

 300 

 Harrisburg 

 PA 

 None 

 327,781 

 608,291 

 7,138 

 172 

 327,781 

 615,601 

 943,382 

 355,141 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Harrisburg 

 PA 

 None 

 283,417 

 352,473 

 3,100 

 172 

 283,417 

 355,745 

 639,162 

 201,788 

 09/30/98 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 None 

 199,899 

 774,838 

 24,235 

 None 

 199,899 

 799,073 

 998,972 

 457,204 

 08/14/98 

 300 

 New Castle 

 PA 

 None 

 180,009 

 525,774 

 91,802 

 230 

 180,009 

 617,806 

 797,815 

 320,875 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Reading 

 PA 

 None 

 379,000 

 658,722 

 10,100 

 232 

 379,000 

 669,054 

 1,048,054 

 365,567 

 06/09/99 

 12/04/98 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TN 

 None 

 381,083 

 707,726 

 None 

 None 

 381,083 

 707,726 

 1,088,809 

 1,180 

 12/07/12 

 300 

 Columbia 

 TN 

 None 

 273,120 

 431,716 

 None 

 211 

 273,120 

 431,927 

 705,047 

 234,024 

 06/30/99 

 300 

 Laredo 

 TX 

 None 

 807,044 

 1,498,795 

 None 

 None 

 807,044 

 1,498,795 

 2,305,839 

 2,498 

 12/07/12 

 300 

 Bellevue 

 WA 

 None 

 185,500 

 411,997 

 None 

 107 

 185,500 

 412,104 

 597,604 

 412,026 

 08/06/87 

 300 

 Bellingham 

 WA 

 None 

 168,000 

 373,133 

 None 

 107 

 168,000 

 373,240 

 541,240 

 373,161 

 08/20/87 

 300 

 Hazel Dell 

 WA 

 None 

 168,000 

 373,135 

 None 

 None 

 168,000 

 373,135 

 541,135 

 367,685 

 05/23/88 

 300 

 Kenmore 

 WA 

 None 

 199,500 

 443,098 

 None 

 107 

 199,500 

 443,205 

 642,705 

 443,127 

 08/20/87 

 300 

 Kent 

 WA 

 None 

 199,500 

 443,091 

 None 

 107 

 199,500 

 443,198 

 642,698 

 443,120 

 08/06/87 

 300 

 Lakewood 

 WA 

 None 

 191,800 

 425,996 

 None 

 107 

 191,800 

 426,103 

 617,903 

 426,024 

 08/18/87 

 300 

 Moses Lake 

 WA 

 None 

 138,600 

 307,831 

 None 

 107 

 138,600 

 307,938 

 446,538 

 307,860 

 08/12/87 

 300 

 Renton 

 WA 

 None 

 185,500 

 412,003 

 None 

 107 

 185,500 

 412,110 

 597,610 

 412,032 

 09/15/87 

 300 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 None 

 162,400 

 360,697 

 None 

 107 

 162,400 

 360,804 

 523,204 

 360,726 

 08/20/87 

 300 

 Silverdale 

 WA 

 None 

 183,808 

 419,777 

 None 

 107 

 183,808 

 419,884 

 603,692 

 419,806 

 09/16/87 

 300 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 None 

 196,000 

 435,324 

 None 

 107 

 196,000 

 435,431 

 631,431 

 435,353 

 10/15/87 

 300 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 None 

 180,250 

 400,343 

 None 

 None 

 180,250 

 400,343 

 580,593 

 400,343 

 08/20/87 

 300 

 Wenatchee 

 WA 

 None 

 148,400 

 329,602 

 None 

 107 

 148,400 

 329,709 

 478,109 

 329,631 

 08/25/87 

 300 

 Automotive service 

 Flagstaff 

 AZ 

 None 

 144,821 

 417,485 

 6,150 

 10 

 144,821 

 423,645 

 568,466 

 240,217 

 04/11/02 

 08/29/97 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 210,620 

 475,072 

 None 

 None 

 210,620 

 475,072 

 685,692 

 201,901 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 189,341 

 546,984 

 None 

 110 

 189,341 

 547,094 

 736,435 

 232,575 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 384,608 

 279,824 

 None 

 None 

 384,608 

 279,824 

 664,432 

 118,923 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Sierra Vista 

 AZ 

 None 

 175,114 

 345,508 

 None 

 None 

 175,114 

 345,508 

 520,622 

 146,839 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 226,596 

 437,972 

 None 

 None 

 226,596 

 437,972 

 664,568 

 186,136 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 287,369 

 533,684 

 None 

 None 

 287,369 

 533,684 

 821,053 

 59,595 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Bakersfield 

 CA 

 None 

 65,165 

 206,927 

 None 

 None 

 65,165 

 206,927 

 272,092 

 87,942 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 313,293 

 409,654 

 None 

 None 

 313,293 

 409,654 

 722,947 

 272,420 

 05/01/96 

 01/19/96 

 300 

 Dublin 

 CA 

 None 

 415,620 

 1,153,928 

 None 

 None 

 415,620 

 1,153,928 

 1,569,548 

 490,417 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Folsom 

 CA 

 None 

 471,813 

 325,610 

 None 

 None 

 471,813 

 325,610 

 797,423 

 138,382 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Indio 

 CA 

 None 

 264,956 

 265,509 

 None 

 None 

 264,956 

 265,509 

 530,465 

 112,839 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 580,446 

 158,876 

 None 

 None 

 580,446 

 158,876 

 739,322 

 67,520 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Oxnard 

 CA 

 None 

 186,980 

 198,236 

 None 

 None 

 186,980 

 198,236 

 385,216 

 84,249 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Simi Valley 

 CA 

 None 

 213,920 

 161,012 

 None 

 None 

 213,920 

 161,012 

 374,932 

 68,428 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Vacaville 

 CA 

 None 

 358,067 

 284,931 

 None 

 None 

 358,067 

 284,931 

 642,998 

 121,094 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 231,314 

 430,495 

 None 

 115 

 231,314 

 430,610 

 661,924 

 91,179 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Broomfield 

 CO 

 None 

 154,930 

 503,626 

 None 

 2,564 

 154,930 

 506,190 

 661,120 

 330,010 

 08/22/96 

 03/15/96 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 79,717 

 369,587 

 None 

 208 

 79,717 

 369,795 

 449,512 

 369,724 

 10/08/85 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 239,024 

 444,785 

 None 

 115 

 239,024 

 444,900 

 683,924 

 94,203 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Lakewood 

 CO 

 None 

 70,422 

 132,296 

 None 

 None 

 70,422 

 132,296 

 202,718 

 28,003 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Longmont 

 CO 

 None 

 87,385 

 163,169 

 None 

 115 

 87,385 

 163,284 

 250,669 

 34,595 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 F-3 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Thornton 

 CO 

 None 

 276,084 

 415,464 

 None 

 115 

 276,084 

 415,579 

 691,663 

 265,104 

 12/31/96 

 10/31/96 

 300 

 Hartford 

 CT 

 None 

 248,540 

 482,460 

 35,465 

 1,034 

 248,540 

 518,959 

 767,499 

 315,798 

 09/30/96 

 300 

 Southington 

 CT 

 None 

 225,882 

 672,910 

 None 

 172 

 225,882 

 673,082 

 898,964 

 418,256 

 06/06/97 

 300 

 Vernon 

 CT 

 None 

 81,529 

 300,518 

 None 

 None 

 81,529 

 300,518 

 382,047 

 126,718 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 76,585 

 355,066 

 6,980 

 420 

 76,585 

 362,466 

 439,051 

 358,410 

 12/23/85 

 300 

 Lauderdale Lakes 

 FL 

 None 

 65,987 

 305,931 

 None 

 79 

 65,987 

 306,010 

 371,997 

 305,972 

 02/19/86 

 300 

 Miami Gardens 

 FL 

 None 

 163,239 

 262,726 

 None 

 None 

 163,239 

 262,726 

 425,965 

 110,783 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Orange City 

 FL 

 None 

 99,613 

 139,008 

 None 

 None 

 99,613 

 139,008 

 238,621 

 59,076 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 308,067 

 573,708 

 23,430 

 2,874 

 308,067 

 600,012 

 908,079 

 154,657 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Seminole 

 FL 

 None 

 68,000 

 315,266 

 None 

 None 

 68,000 

 315,266 

 383,266 

 315,266 

 12/23/85 

 300 

 Sunrise 

 FL 

 None 

 80,253 

 372,070 

 None 

 None 

 80,253 

 372,070 

 452,323 

 372,070 

 02/14/86 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 70,000 

 324,538 

 None 

 None 

 70,000 

 324,538 

 394,538 

 324,538 

 12/27/85 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 67,000 

 310,629 

 None 

 None 

 67,000 

 310,629 

 377,629 

 310,629 

 12/27/85 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 86,502 

 401,041 

 None 

 79 

 86,502 

 401,120 

 487,622 

 401,082 

 07/23/86 

 300 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 None 

 309,474 

 574,737 

 None 

 None 

 309,474 

 574,737 

 884,211 

 64,179 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Bogart 

 GA 

 None 

 66,807 

 309,733 

 None 

 None 

 66,807 

 309,733 

 376,540 

 309,733 

 12/20/85 

 300 

 Douglasville 

 GA 

 None 

 214,771 

 129,519 

 None 

 None 

 214,771 

 129,519 

 344,290 

 55,044 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 222,275 

 316,925 

 368 

 2,393 

 222,275 

 319,686 

 541,961 

 190,365 

 10/24/97 

 06/20/97 

 300 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 290,842 

 110,056 

 None 

 None 

 290,842 

 110,056 

 400,898 

 46,772 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 GA 

 None 

 53,589 

 248,452 

 None 

 None 

 53,589 

 248,452 

 302,041 

 248,452 

 12/19/85 

 300 

 Kennesaw 

 GA 

 None 

 266,865 

 139,425 

 None 

 None 

 266,865 

 139,425 

 406,290 

 59,254 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 60,900 

 293,461 

 67,871 

 499 

 60,900 

 361,831 

 422,731 

 313,138 

 12/26/85 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 69,561 

 346,024 

 None 

 41 

 69,561 

 346,065 

 415,626 

 346,039 

 06/03/86 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 244,124 

 151,831 

 None 

 None 

 244,124 

 151,831 

 395,955 

 64,526 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 503,773 

 937,121 

 39,032 

 21,600 

 503,773 

 997,753 

 1,501,526 

 254,268 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Riverdale 

 GA 

 None 

 58,444 

 270,961 

 None 

 None 

 58,444 

 270,961 

 329,405 

 270,961 

 01/15/86 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 56,454 

 261,733 

 None 

 None 

 56,454 

 261,733 

 318,187 

 261,733 

 12/19/85 

 300 

 Snellville 

 GA 

 None 

 253,316 

 132,124 

 None 

 None 

 253,316 

 132,124 

 385,440 

 56,151 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Tucker 

 GA 

 None 

 78,646 

 364,625 

 514 

 None 

 78,646 

 365,139 

 443,785 

 364,640 

 12/18/85 

 300 

 Arlington Hts 

 IL 

 None 

 441,437 

 215,983 

 None 

 None 

 441,437 

 215,983 

 657,420 

 91,791 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 None 

 329,076 

 255,294 

 None 

 None 

 329,076 

 255,294 

 584,370 

 108,498 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Round Lake Beach 

 IL 

 None 

 472,132 

 236,585 

 None 

 None 

 472,132 

 236,585 

 708,717 

 100,547 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Westchester 

 IL 

 None 

 421,239 

 184,812 

 None 

 None 

 421,239 

 184,812 

 606,051 

 78,543 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 232,170 

 385,661 

 None 

 179 

 232,170 

 385,840 

 618,010 

 232,075 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 231,384 

 428,307 

 None 

 130 

 231,384 

 428,437 

 659,821 

 279,174 

 09/27/96 

 300 

 Michigan City 

 IN 

 None 

 392,638 

 297,650 

 (3,065) 

 None 

 389,573 

 297,650 

 687,223 

 126,500 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Warsaw 

 IN 

 None 

 140,893 

 228,116 

 None 

 None 

 140,893 

 228,116 

 369,009 

 96,948 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Olathe 

 KS 

 None 

 217,995 

 367,055 

 None 

 21 

 217,995 

 367,076 

 585,071 

 229,412 

 04/22/97 

 11/11/96 

 300 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 None 

 32,022 

 60,368 

 None 

 None 

 32,022 

 60,368 

 92,390 

 12,778 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 56,054 

 259,881 

 None 

 None 

 56,054 

 259,881 

 315,935 

 259,881 

 12/17/85 

 300 

 Newport 

 KY 

 None 

 323,511 

 289,017 

 49,586 

 85 

 323,511 

 338,688 

 662,199 

 180,802 

 09/17/97 

 300 

 East Falmouth 

 MA 

 None 

 191,302 

 340,539 

 None 

 None 

 191,302 

 340,539 

 531,841 

 144,727 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 East Wareham 

 MA 

 None 

 149,680 

 278,669 

 None 

 None 

 149,680 

 278,669 

 428,349 

 118,432 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Fairhaven 

 MA 

 None 

 138,957 

 289,294 

 None 

 None 

 138,957 

 289,294 

 428,251 

 122,948 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Gardner 

 MA 

 None 

 138,990 

 289,361 

 None 

 None 

 138,990 

 289,361 

 428,351 

 122,976 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Hyannis 

 MA 

 None 

 180,653 

 458,522 

 None 

 None 

 180,653 

 458,522 

 639,175 

 193,344 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Lenox 

 MA 

 None 

 287,769 

 535,273 

 None 

 232 

 287,769 

 535,505 

 823,274 

 295,478 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Newburyport 

 MA 

 None 

 274,698 

 466,449 

 None 

 None 

 274,698 

 466,449 

 741,147 

 196,686 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 F-4 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 North Reading 

 MA 

 None 

 180,546 

 351,161 

 None 

 None 

 180,546 

 351,161 

 531,707 

 149,241 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Orleans 

 MA 

 None 

 138,212 

 394,065 

 None 

 None 

 138,212 

 394,065 

 532,277 

 167,475 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Aberdeen 

 MD 

 None 

 223,617 

 225,605 

 None 

 None 

 223,617 

 225,605 

 449,222 

 95,130 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Bethesda 

 MD 

 None 

 282,717 

 525,928 

 None 

 None 

 282,717 

 525,928 

 808,645 

 111,321 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Capital Heights 

 MD 

 None 

 547,173 

 219,979 

 (12,319) 

 None 

 534,854 

 219,979 

 754,833 

 93,487 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Clinton 

 MD 

 None 

 70,880 

 328,620 

 11,440 

 None 

 70,880 

 340,060 

 410,940 

 332,719 

 11/15/85 

 300 

 Lexington Park 

 MD 

 None 

 111,396 

 335,288 

 (7,600) 

 None 

 103,796 

 335,288 

 439,084 

 142,494 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 None 

 391,745 

 296,975 

 (2,196) 

 None 

 389,549 

 296,975 

 686,524 

 126,213 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Portage 

 MI 

 None 

 402,409 

 286,441 

 (2,112) 

 None 

 400,297 

 286,441 

 686,738 

 121,736 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Southfield 

 MI 

 None 

 275,952 

 350,765 

 None 

 None 

 275,952 

 350,765 

 626,717 

 149,073 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Troy 

 MI 

 None 

 214,893 

 199,299 

 None 

 None 

 214,893 

 199,299 

 414,192 

 84,700 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 St. Cloud 

 MN 

 None 

 203,338 

 258,626 

 None 

 None 

 203,338 

 258,626 

 461,964 

 109,054 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Independence 

 MO 

 None 

 297,641 

 233,152 

 None 

 53 

 297,641 

 233,205 

 530,846 

 149,617 

 12/20/96 

 300 

 Asheville 

 NC 

 None 

 441,746 

 242,565 

 None 

 None 

 441,746 

 242,565 

 684,311 

 103,088 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Concord 

 NC 

 None 

 237,688 

 357,976 

 None 

 None 

 237,688 

 357,976 

 595,664 

 207,115 

 11/05/97 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 55,074 

 255,336 

 None 

 1,490 

 55,074 

 256,826 

 311,900 

 256,370 

 11/13/85 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 354,676 

 361,203 

 3,400 

 168 

 354,676 

 364,771 

 719,447 

 224,405 

 08/29/97 

 03/31/97 

 300 

 Fayetteville 

 NC 

 None 

 224,326 

 257,733 

 None 

 337 

 224,326 

 258,070 

 482,396 

 155,279 

 12/03/97 

 300 

 Greensboro 

 NC 

 None 

 286,068 

 244,606 

 None 

 None 

 286,068 

 244,606 

 530,674 

 103,949 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Matthews 

 NC 

 None 

 295,580 

 338,472 

 10,000 

 13,703 

 295,580 

 362,175 

 657,755 

 208,759 

 08/28/98 

 02/27/98 

 300 

 Pineville 

 NC 

 None 

 254,460 

 355,630 

 None 

 10 

 254,460 

 355,640 

 610,100 

 217,488 

 08/28/97 

 04/16/97 

 300 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 None 

 89,145 

 413,301 

 None 

 None 

 89,145 

 413,301 

 502,446 

 413,301 

 10/28/85 

 300 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 None 

 398,694 

 263,621 

 None 

 None 

 398,694 

 263,621 

 662,315 

 160,334 

 10/01/97 

 300 

 Salisbury 

 NC 

 None 

 235,614 

 150,592 

 None 

 None 

 235,614 

 150,592 

 386,206 

 64,000 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Fargo 

 ND 

 None 

 53,973 

 100,262 

 None 

 None 

 53,973 

 100,262 

 154,235 

 21,222 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Lincoln 

 NE 

 None 

 337,138 

 316,958 

 None 

 None 

 337,138 

 316,958 

 654,096 

 134,704 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Scotts Bluff 

 NE 

 None 

 33,307 

 63,355 

 None 

 None 

 33,307 

 63,355 

 96,662 

 13,410 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Cherry Hill 

 NJ 

 None 

 463,808 

 862,240 

 None 

 None 

 463,808 

 862,240 

 1,326,048 

 182,507 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Edison 

 NJ 

 None 

 448,936 

 238,773 

 None 

 None 

 448,936 

 238,773 

 687,709 

 101,475 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Glassboro 

 NJ 

 None 

 182,013 

 312,480 

 None 

 None 

 182,013 

 312,480 

 494,493 

 131,762 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Hamilton Square 

 NJ 

 None 

 422,477 

 291,555 

 None 

 None 

 422,477 

 291,555 

 714,032 

 123,907 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Hamilton Township 

 NJ 

 None 

 265,238 

 298,167 

 None 

 None 

 265,238 

 298,167 

 563,405 

 126,717 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Pleasantville 

 NJ 

 None 

 77,105 

 144,693 

 None 

 None 

 77,105 

 144,693 

 221,798 

 30,627 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Randolph 

 NJ 

 None 

 452,629 

 390,163 

 None 

 None 

 452,629 

 390,163 

 842,792 

 165,817 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Westfield 

 NJ 

 None 

 705,337 

 288,720 

 None 

 None 

 705,337 

 288,720 

 994,057 

 122,701 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 231,553 

 430,026 

 None 

 None 

 231,553 

 430,026 

 661,579 

 48,020 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 326,879 

 359,101 

 None 

 None 

 326,879 

 359,101 

 685,980 

 152,616 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 316,441 

 369,768 

 None 

 None 

 316,441 

 369,768 

 686,209 

 157,150 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 252,169 

 562,715 

 None 

 None 

 252,169 

 562,715 

 814,884 

 239,152 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Sparks 

 NV 

 None 

 326,813 

 306,311 

 None 

 None 

 326,813 

 306,311 

 633,124 

 130,180 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Albion 

 NY 

 None 

 170,589 

 317,424 

 None 

 None 

 170,589 

 317,424 

 488,013 

 175,104 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Bethpage 

 NY 

 None 

 334,120 

 621,391 

 None 

 None 

 334,120 

 621,391 

 955,511 

 131,528 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Commack 

 NY 

 None 

 400,427 

 744,533 

 None 

 None 

 400,427 

 744,533 

 1,144,960 

 157,593 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Dansville 

 NY 

 None 

 181,664 

 337,991 

 None 

 None 

 181,664 

 337,991 

 519,655 

 186,450 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 East Amherst 

 NY 

 None 

 260,708 

 484,788 

 None 

 156 

 260,708 

 484,944 

 745,652 

 267,534 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 East Syracuse 

 NY 

 None 

 250,609 

 466,264 

 None 

 156 

 250,609 

 466,420 

 717,029 

 257,312 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Freeport 

 NY 

 None 

 134,828 

 251,894 

 None 

 None 

 134,828 

 251,894 

 386,722 

 53,317 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Johnson City 

 NY 

 None 

 242,863 

 451,877 

 None 

 156 

 242,863 

 452,033 

 694,896 

 249,375 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 F-5 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Queens Village 

 NY 

 None 

 242,775 

 451,749 

 None 

 None 

 242,775 

 451,749 

 694,524 

 95,620 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Riverhead 

 NY 

 None 

 143,929 

 268,795 

 None 

 None 

 143,929 

 268,795 

 412,724 

 56,895 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Wellsville 

 NY 

 None 

 161,331 

 300,231 

 None 

 None 

 161,331 

 300,231 

 461,562 

 165,619 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 West Amherst 

 NY 

 None 

 268,692 

 499,619 

 None 

 156 

 268,692 

 499,775 

 768,467 

 275,716 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 139,126 

 460,334 

 None 

 139 

 139,126 

 460,473 

 599,599 

 281,573 

 09/18/97 

 300 

 Beaver Creek 

 OH 

 None 

 349,091 

 251,127 

 None 

 None 

 349,091 

 251,127 

 600,218 

 83,290 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Beavercreek 

 OH 

 None 

 205,000 

 492,538 

 None 

 None 

 205,000 

 492,538 

 697,538 

 311,119 

 02/13/97 

 09/09/96 

 300 

 Canal Winchester 

 OH 

 None 

 443,751 

 825,491 

 None 

 None 

 443,751 

 825,491 

 1,269,242 

 329,866 

 12/19/02 

 08/21/02 

 300 

 Centerville 

 OH 

 None 

 305,000 

 420,448 

 None 

 None 

 305,000 

 420,448 

 725,448 

 276,795 

 07/24/96 

 06/28/96 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 293,005 

 0 

 (124,330) 

 85 

 293,005 

 (124,245) 

 168,760 

 20 

 09/17/97 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 211,185 

 392,210 

 None 

 None 

 211,185 

 392,210 

 603,395 

 143,157 

 11/03/03 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 305,556 

 244,662 

 None 

 None 

 305,556 

 244,662 

 550,218 

 81,146 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 589,286 

 160,932 

 None 

 None 

 589,286 

 160,932 

 750,218 

 53,375 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 159,375 

 265,842 

 None 

 None 

 159,375 

 265,842 

 425,217 

 88,171 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 350,000 

 300,217 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 300,217 

 650,217 

 96,570 

 12/20/04 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 OH 

 None 

 215,111 

 216,517 

 None 

 None 

 215,111 

 216,517 

 431,628 

 91,298 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 71,098 

 329,627 

 None 

 None 

 71,098 

 329,627 

 400,725 

 329,627 

 10/02/85 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 75,761 

 351,247 

 None 

 None 

 75,761 

 351,247 

 427,008 

 351,247 

 10/24/85 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 432,110 

 386,553 

 None 

 None 

 432,110 

 386,553 

 818,663 

 148,822 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 466,696 

 548,133 

 None 

 None 

 466,696 

 548,133 

 1,014,829 

 211,030 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 337,679 

 272,484 

 None 

 None 

 337,679 

 272,484 

 610,163 

 90,373 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 190,000 

 260,162 

 None 

 None 

 190,000 

 260,162 

 450,162 

 86,287 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 371,429 

 278,734 

 None 

 None 

 371,429 

 278,734 

 650,163 

 92,446 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Cuyahoga Falls 

 OH 

 None 

 253,750 

 271,400 

 None 

 None 

 253,750 

 271,400 

 525,150 

 90,014 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Dayton 

 OH 

 None 

 70,000 

 324,538 

 None 

 122 

 70,000 

 324,660 

 394,660 

 324,639 

 10/31/85 

 300 

 Dublin 

 OH 

 None 

 437,887 

 428,046 

 None 

 None 

 437,887 

 428,046 

 865,933 

 164,797 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Eastlake 

 OH 

 None 

 321,347 

 459,774 

 None 

 209 

 321,347 

 459,983 

 781,330 

 313,557 

 12/22/95 

 300 

 Fairfield 

 OH 

 None 

 323,408 

 235,024 

 44,232 

 3,330 

 323,408 

 282,586 

 605,994 

 147,316 

 09/17/97 

 300 

 Fairlawn 

 OH 

 None 

 280,000 

 270,150 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 270,150 

 550,150 

 89,599 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Findlay 

 OH 

 None 

 283,515 

 397,004 

 None 

 114 

 283,515 

 397,118 

 680,633 

 238,906 

 12/24/97 

 300 

 Hamilton 

 OH 

 None 

 252,608 

 413,279 

 None 

 None 

 252,608 

 413,279 

 665,887 

 256,919 

 03/31/97 

 10/04/96 

 300 

 Huber Heights 

 OH 

 None 

 282,000 

 449,381 

 None 

 None 

 282,000 

 449,381 

 731,381 

 286,854 

 12/03/96 

 07/18/96 

 300 

 Lima 

 OH 

 None 

 241,132 

 114,085 

 None 

 None 

 241,132 

 114,085 

 355,217 

 37,838 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Marion 

 OH 

 None 

 100,000 

 275,162 

 None 

 None 

 100,000 

 275,162 

 375,162 

 88,511 

 12/20/04 

 300 

 Mason 

 OH 

 None 

 310,990 

 405,373 

 None 

 None 

 310,990 

 405,373 

 716,363 

 156,068 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Middleburg Hghts 

 OH 

 None 

 317,308 

 307,842 

 None 

 None 

 317,308 

 307,842 

 625,150 

 102,101 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Milford 

 OH 

 None 

 353,324 

 269,997 

 (36,723) 

 85 

 314,484 

 272,199 

 586,683 

 165,383 

 09/18/97 

 300 

 Mt. Vernon 

 OH 

 None 

 216,115 

 375,357 

 None 

 114 

 216,115 

 375,471 

 591,586 

 225,878 

 12/30/97 

 300 

 Norwalk 

 OH 

 None 

 200,205 

 366,000 

 None 

 114 

 200,205 

 366,114 

 566,319 

 220,247 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Parma 

 OH 

 None 

 268,966 

 381,184 

 None 

 None 

 268,966 

 381,184 

 650,150 

 126,426 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Reynoldsburg 

 OH 

 None 

 267,750 

 497,371 

 None 

 None 

 267,750 

 497,371 

 765,121 

 164,961 

 09/15/04 

 300 

 Reynoldsburg 

 OH 

 None 

 374,000 

 176,162 

 None 

 None 

 374,000 

 176,162 

 550,162 

 58,427 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 S. Euclid 

 OH 

 None 

 337,593 

 451,944 

 None 

 None 

 337,593 

 451,944 

 789,537 

 173,998 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Sandusky 

 OH 

 None 

 264,708 

 404,011 

 None 

 343 

 264,708 

 404,354 

 669,062 

 243,347 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Solon 

 OH 

 None 

 794,305 

 222,797 

 None 

 None 

 794,305 

 222,797 

 1,017,102 

 85,777 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Springboro 

 OH 

 None 

 191,911 

 522,902 

 None 

 None 

 191,911 

 522,902 

 714,813 

 330,141 

 03/07/97 

 300 

 Springfield 

 OH 

 None 

 320,000 

 280,217 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 280,217 

 600,217 

 92,938 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Springfield 

 OH 

 None 

 189,091 

 136,127 

 None 

 None 

 189,091 

 136,127 

 325,218 

 45,148 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Stow 

 OH 

 None 

 310,000 

 415,150 

 None 

 None 

 310,000 

 415,150 

 725,150 

 137,691 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 F-6 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 None 

 120,000 

 230,217 

 None 

 None 

 120,000 

 230,217 

 350,217 

 76,355 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 None 

 250,000 

 175,217 

 None 

 25 

 250,000 

 175,242 

 425,242 

 58,134 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 None 

 320,000 

 280,217 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 280,217 

 600,217 

 92,938 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 None 

 250,000 

 530,217 

 None 

 None 

 250,000 

 530,217 

 780,217 

 175,855 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 West Chester 

 OH 

 None 

 446,449 

 768,644 

 None 

 None 

 446,449 

 768,644 

 1,215,093 

 289,908 

 06/27/03 

 03/11/03 

 300 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 None 

 125,000 

 300,162 

 None 

 None 

 125,000 

 300,162 

 425,162 

 99,553 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Midwest City 

 OK 

 None 

 106,312 

 333,551 

 None 

 5 

 106,312 

 333,556 

 439,868 

 191,874 

 08/06/98 

 08/08/97 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 133,648 

 249,702 

 None 

 None 

 133,648 

 249,702 

 383,350 

 52,853 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Portland 

 OR 

 None 

 251,499 

 345,952 

 None 

 None 

 251,499 

 345,952 

 597,451 

 141,839 

 09/26/02 

 300 

 Salem 

 OR 

 None 

 337,711 

 253,855 

 None 

 None 

 337,711 

 253,855 

 591,566 

 107,887 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Bethel Park 

 PA 

 None 

 299,595 

 331,264 

 None 

 114 

 299,595 

 331,378 

 630,973 

 199,356 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Bethlehem 

 PA 

 None 

 275,328 

 389,067 

 None 

 629 

 275,328 

 389,696 

 665,024 

 234,593 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Bethlehem 

 PA 

 None 

 229,162 

 310,526 

 None 

 172 

 229,162 

 310,698 

 539,860 

 186,870 

 12/24/97 

 300 

 Bridgeville 

 PA 

 None 

 275,000 

 375,150 

 None 

 None 

 275,000 

 375,150 

 650,150 

 124,424 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Coraopolis 

 PA 

 None 

 225,000 

 375,150 

 None 

 None 

 225,000 

 375,150 

 600,150 

 124,424 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Harrisburg 

 PA 

 None 

 131,529 

 220,317 

 (2,515) 

 None 

 129,013 

 220,318 

 349,331 

 93,631 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Monroeville 

 PA 

 None 

 275,000 

 250,150 

 None 

 None 

 275,000 

 250,150 

 525,150 

 82,966 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 858,500 

 877,744 

 2,319 

 1,701 

 858,500 

 881,764 

 1,740,264 

 658,188 

 05/19/95 

 12/05/94 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 378,715 

 685,374 

 None 

 None 

 378,715 

 685,374 

 1,064,089 

 279,073 

 08/22/02 

 01/17/02 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 219,938 

 408,466 

 None 

 None 

 219,938 

 408,466 

 628,404 

 149,090 

 11/03/03 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 175,000 

 300,150 

 None 

 None 

 175,000 

 300,150 

 475,150 

 99,549 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 243,750 

 406,400 

 None 

 None 

 243,750 

 406,400 

 650,150 

 134,789 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 208,333 

 416,817 

 None 

 None 

 208,333 

 416,817 

 625,150 

 138,244 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 121,429 

 303,721 

 None 

 None 

 121,429 

 303,721 

 425,150 

 100,734 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Warminster 

 PA 

 None 

 323,847 

 216,999 

 (3,929) 

 None 

 319,918 

 216,999 

 536,917 

 92,221 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Wexford 

 PA 

 None 

 284,375 

 240,775 

 None 

 None 

 284,375 

 240,775 

 525,150 

 79,857 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 York 

 PA 

 None 

 249,436 

 347,424 

 None 

 404 

 249,436 

 347,828 

 597,264 

 209,273 

 12/30/97 

 300 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 217,250 

 294,079 

 6,700 

 159 

 217,250 

 300,938 

 518,188 

 181,377 

 07/14/97 

 03/13/97 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 267,622 

 298,594 

 None 

 428 

 267,622 

 299,022 

 566,644 

 176,137 

 03/31/98 

 11/05/97 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 221,946 

 315,163 

 None 

 168 

 221,946 

 315,331 

 537,277 

 191,808 

 09/05/97 

 03/31/97 

 300 

 Lexington 

 SC 

 None 

 241,534 

 342,182 

 None 

 302 

 241,534 

 342,484 

 584,018 

 188,032 

 09/24/98 

 300 

 North Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 174,980 

 341,466 

 5,875 

 5,413 

 174,980 

 352,754 

 527,734 

 203,816 

 08/06/98 

 03/12/98 

 300 

 Sioux Falls 

 SD 

 None 

 48,833 

 91,572 

 None 

 None 

 48,833 

 91,572 

 140,405 

 19,383 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Brentwood 

 TN 

 None 

 305,546 

 505,728 

 None 

 None 

 305,546 

 505,728 

 811,274 

 302,586 

 03/13/98 

 05/28/97 

 300 

 Hendersonville 

 TN 

 None 

 175,764 

 327,096 

 None 

 None 

 175,764 

 327,096 

 502,860 

 130,293 

 01/21/03 

 300 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 None 

 204,296 

 172,695 

 None 

 None 

 204,296 

 172,695 

 376,991 

 73,393 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Madison 

 TN 

 None 

 175,769 

 327,068 

 None 

 None 

 175,769 

 327,068 

 502,837 

 130,282 

 01/21/03 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 108,094 

 217,079 

 None 

 None 

 108,094 

 217,079 

 325,173 

 92,256 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 214,110 

 193,591 

 None 

 None 

 214,110 

 193,591 

 407,701 

 82,273 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 215,017 

 216,794 

 None 

 None 

 215,017 

 216,794 

 431,811 

 91,415 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 150,411 

 215,528 

 None 

 None 

 150,411 

 215,528 

 365,939 

 91,597 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 None 

 342,960 

 227,440 

 None 

 None 

 342,960 

 227,440 

 570,400 

 139,067 

 09/17/97 

 300 

 Carrollton 

 TX 

 None 

 174,284 

 98,623 

 None 

 None 

 174,284 

 98,623 

 272,907 

 41,913 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Carrolton 

 TX 

 None 

 177,041 

 199,088 

 None 

 None 

 177,041 

 199,088 

 376,129 

 84,611 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 234,604 

 325,951 

 12,719 

 15,373 

 234,604 

 354,043 

 588,647 

 216,697 

 08/09/96 

 02/19/96 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 83,530 

 111,960 

 None 

 None 

 83,530 

 111,960 

 195,490 

 47,581 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 285,000 

 369,697 

 None 

 234 

 285,000 

 369,931 

 654,931 

 224,902 

 08/08/97 

 08/08/97 

 300 

 Humble 

 TX 

 None 

 257,169 

 325,652 

 None 

 None 

 257,169 

 325,652 

 582,821 

 138,400 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 F-7 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Lake Jackson 

 TX 

 None 

 197,170 

 256,376 

 None 

 None 

 197,170 

 256,376 

 453,546 

 108,958 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 None 

 199,942 

 324,736 

 None 

 149 

 199,942 

 324,885 

 524,827 

 212,764 

 08/02/96 

 02/14/96 

 300 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 None 

 130,238 

 207,683 

 None 

 None 

 130,238 

 207,683 

 337,921 

 87,573 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Mansfield 

 TX 

 None 

 420,000 

 780,000 

 None 

 None 

 420,000 

 780,000 

 1,200,000 

 87,100 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Waco 

 TX 

 None 

 232,105 

 431,053 

 None 

 None 

 232,105 

 431,053 

 663,158 

 48,134 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Wylie 

 TX 

 None 

 252,000 

 468,000 

 None 

 None 

 252,000 

 468,000 

 720,000 

 52,260 

 03/25/10 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 403,549 

 876,981 

 None 

 None 

 403,549 

 876,981 

 1,280,530 

 313,191 

 07/08/04 

 10/17/02 

 300 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 349,628 

 322,545 

 None 

 153 

 349,628 

 322,698 

 672,326 

 194,126 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Warrenton 

 VA 

 None 

 186,723 

 241,173 

 None 

 None 

 186,723 

 241,173 

 427,896 

 102,495 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Bremerton 

 WA 

 None 

 261,172 

 373,080 

 None 

 2,621 

 261,172 

 375,701 

 636,873 

 240,912 

 03/19/97 

 07/24/96 

 300 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 None 

 109,127 

 202,691 

 None 

 None 

 109,127 

 202,691 

 311,818 

 42,903 

 09/04/07 

 300 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 None 

 173,005 

 499,244 

 None 

 None 

 173,005 

 499,244 

 672,249 

 340,318 

 12/22/95 

 300 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 None 

 152,509 

 475,480 

 None 

 197 

 152,509 

 475,677 

 628,186 

 309,946 

 09/27/96 

 300 

 New Berlin 

 WI 

 None 

 188,491 

 466,268 

 None 

 586 

 188,491 

 466,854 

 655,345 

 318,101 

 12/22/95 

 300 

 Racine 

 WI 

 None 

 184,002 

 114,167 

 None 

 None 

 184,002 

 114,167 

 298,169 

 48,519 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Automotive tire services 

 Athens 

 AL 

 None 

 760,031 

 1,413,494 

 None 

 None 

 760,031 

 1,413,494 

 2,173,525 

 346,302 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Auburn 

 AL 

 None 

 660,210 

 1,228,112 

 None 

 500 

 660,210 

 1,228,612 

 1,888,822 

 301,258 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,180,909 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,409 

 1,816,520 

 289,694 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Daphne 

 AL 

 None 

 876,139 

 1,629,123 

 None 

 500 

 876,139 

 1,629,623 

 2,505,762 

 399,506 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Decatur 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,499 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,999 

 1,817,110 

 289,838 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Dothan 

 AL 

 None 

 455,651 

 565,343 

 None 

 None 

 455,651 

 565,343 

 1,020,994 

 93,841 

 10/17/08 

 06/10/08 

 300 

 Foley 

 AL 

 None 

 870,031 

 1,617,357 

 None 

 500 

 870,031 

 1,617,857 

 2,487,888 

 396,623 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Gardendale 

 AL 

 None 

 610,055 

 1,134,554 

 None 

 500 

 610,055 

 1,135,054 

 1,745,109 

 277,815 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Hoover 

 AL 

 None 

 504,396 

 938,299 

 None 

 None 

 504,396 

 938,299 

 1,442,695 

 229,879 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Hoover 

 AL 

 None 

 620,270 

 1,153,493 

 None 

 None 

 620,270 

 1,153,493 

 1,773,763 

 282,602 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 499,843 

 929,863 

 None 

 500 

 499,843 

 930,363 

 1,430,206 

 228,187 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,499 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,499 

 1,816,610 

 289,463 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Madison 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,532 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,532 

 1,816,643 

 289,471 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,499 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,499 

 1,816,610 

 289,463 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 None 

 525,750 

 977,810 

 None 

 None 

 525,750 

 977,810 

 1,503,560 

 239,559 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 544,181 

 654,046 

 None 

 500 

 544,181 

 654,546 

 1,198,727 

 119,836 

 01/24/08 

 300 

 Orange Beach 

 AL 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,036 

 None 

 500 

 630,244 

 1,172,536 

 1,802,780 

 287,520 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Pelham 

 AL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,180,909 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,180,909 

 1,816,020 

 289,319 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Phenix City 

 AL 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,024 

 None 

 500 

 630,244 

 1,172,524 

 1,802,768 

 287,517 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 178,297 

 396,004 

 None 

 None 

 178,297 

 396,004 

 574,301 

 362,637 

 01/19/90 

 300 

 Arvada 

 CO 

 None 

 301,489 

 931,092 

 None 

 None 

 301,489 

 931,092 

 1,232,581 

 451,617 

 09/22/00 

 11/18/99 

 300 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 221,691 

 492,382 

 None 

 None 

 221,691 

 492,382 

 714,073 

 450,895 

 01/29/90 

 300 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 353,283 

 1,135,051 

 None 

 None 

 353,283 

 1,135,051 

 1,488,334 

 535,403 

 01/03/01 

 03/10/00 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 280,193 

 622,317 

 None 

 None 

 280,193 

 622,317 

 902,510 

 569,881 

 01/23/90 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 192,988 

 433,542 

 None 

 None 

 192,988 

 433,542 

 626,530 

 349,002 

 05/20/93 

 300 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 688,292 

 1,331,224 

 None 

 None 

 688,292 

 1,331,224 

 2,019,516 

 532,265 

 01/10/03 

 05/30/02 

 300 

 Westminster 

 CO 

 None 

 526,620 

 1,099,523 

 None 

 None 

 526,620 

 1,099,523 

 1,626,143 

 518,643 

 01/12/01 

 01/18/00 

 300 

 Destin 

 FL 

 None 

 1,034,411 

 1,922,591 

 None 

 None 

 1,034,411 

 1,922,591 

 2,957,002 

 471,031 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Ft. Walton Bch 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,032 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,532 

 1,816,643 

 289,724 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Ft. Walton Bch 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,032 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,532 

 1,816,643 

 289,724 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 500,000 

 645,402 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 645,402 

 1,145,402 

 369,143 

 06/04/98 

 12/31/97 

 300 

 F-8 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Milton 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,145 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,145 

 1,816,256 

 289,377 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Niceville 

 FL 

 None 

 920,803 

 1,711,621 

 None 

 None 

 920,803 

 1,711,621 

 2,632,424 

 419,343 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,076 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,576 

 1,816,687 

 289,734 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,023 

 None 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,023 

 1,802,267 

 287,142 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 None 

 971,996 

 1,806,780 

 None 

 None 

 971,996 

 1,806,780 

 2,778,776 

 442,657 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Pace 

 FL 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,171,993 

 None 

 500 

 630,244 

 1,172,493 

 1,802,737 

 287,509 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Panama City 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,076 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,576 

 1,816,687 

 289,734 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,063 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,063 

 1,816,174 

 289,356 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 588,305 

 1,094,130 

 None 

 None 

 588,305 

 1,094,130 

 1,682,435 

 268,058 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Sanford 

 FL 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,023 

 None 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,172,023 

 1,802,267 

 287,142 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 St. Cloud 

 FL 

 None 

 525,207 

 976,968 

 None 

 None 

 525,207 

 976,968 

 1,502,175 

 239,353 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 None 

 419,902 

 781,405 

 None 

 None 

 419,902 

 781,405 

 1,201,307 

 191,440 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 None 

 611,916 

 1,137,986 

 None 

 500 

 611,916 

 1,138,486 

 1,750,402 

 279,178 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 427,395 

 472,030 

 None 

 None 

 427,395 

 472,030 

 899,425 

 270,004 

 06/10/98 

 12/05/97 

 300 

 Union Park 

 FL 

 None 

 1,004,103 

 1,866,287 

 None 

 None 

 1,004,103 

 1,866,287 

 2,870,390 

 457,236 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Alpharetta 

 GA 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,171,870 

 None 

 500 

 630,244 

 1,172,370 

 1,802,614 

 287,479 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 None 

 55,840 

 258,889 

 16,005 

 14,141 

 55,840 

 289,035 

 344,875 

 263,122 

 11/27/85 

 300 

 Columbus 

 GA 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,171,988 

 None 

 None 

 630,244 

 1,171,988 

 1,802,232 

 287,133 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Conyers 

 GA 

 None 

 531,935 

 1,180,296 

 None 

 None 

 531,935 

 1,180,296 

 1,712,231 

 505,245 

 03/28/02 

 11/13/01 

 300 

 Conyers 

 GA 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,027 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,027 

 1,816,138 

 289,348 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 638,509 

 1,186,594 

 None 

 None 

 638,509 

 1,186,594 

 1,825,103 

 433,103 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Hiram 

 GA 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,017 

 None 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,017 

 1,816,128 

 289,345 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Kennesaw 

 GA 

 None 

 519,903 

 967,180 

 None 

 None 

 519,903 

 967,180 

 1,487,083 

 236,955 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,137 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,637 

 1,816,748 

 289,750 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 500,293 

 930,657 

 None 

 None 

 500,293 

 930,657 

 1,430,950 

 228,007 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 McDonough 

 GA 

 None 

 635,111 

 1,181,032 

 None 

 500 

 635,111 

 1,181,532 

 1,816,643 

 289,724 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Peachtree City 

 GA 

 None 

 625,316 

 1,162,827 

 None 

 None 

 625,316 

 1,162,827 

 1,788,143 

 284,889 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Roswell 

 GA 

 None 

 515,617 

 959,138 

 None 

 None 

 515,617 

 959,138 

 1,474,755 

 234,985 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Sandy Springs 

 GA 

 None 

 586,211 

 1,090,241 

 None 

 None 

 586,211 

 1,090,241 

 1,676,452 

 267,105 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Stockbridge 

 GA 

 None 

 632,128 

 1,175,478 

 None 

 500 

 632,128 

 1,175,978 

 1,808,106 

 288,363 

 11/22/06 

 300 

 Aurora 

 IL 

 None 

 513,204 

 953,885 

 None 

 None 

 513,204 

 953,885 

 1,467,089 

 348,164 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Joliet 

 IL 

 None 

 452,267 

 840,716 

 None 

 None 

 452,267 

 840,716 

 1,292,983 

 306,857 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Lombard 

 IL 

 None 

 428,170 

 795,965 

 None 

 2,000 

 428,170 

 797,965 

 1,226,135 

 291,366 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Niles 

 IL 

 None 

 366,969 

 682,306 

 None 

 None 

 366,969 

 682,306 

 1,049,275 

 249,038 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Orland Park 

 IL 

 None 

 663,087 

 1,232,240 

 None 

 None 

 663,087 

 1,232,240 

 1,895,327 

 449,763 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 None 

 524,948 

 975,668 

 None 

 None 

 524,948 

 975,668 

 1,500,616 

 356,115 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 West Dundee 

 IL 

 None 

 530,835 

 986,628 

 None 

 None 

 530,835 

 986,628 

 1,517,463 

 360,115 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 None 

 1,101,841 

 2,047,067 

 None 

 None 

 1,101,841 

 2,047,067 

 3,148,908 

 747,175 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Winchester 

 KY 

 None 

 355,474 

 929,177 

 20,045 

 22,651 

 355,474 

 971,873 

 1,327,347 

 545,863 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Allston 

 MA 

 None 

 576,505 

 1,071,520 

 None 

 None 

 576,505 

 1,071,520 

 1,648,025 

 391,099 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Billerica 

 MA 

 None 

 399,043 

 462,240 

 None 

 172 

 399,043 

 462,412 

 861,455 

 290,384 

 04/02/97 

 300 

 Shrewsbury 

 MA 

 None 

 721,065 

 1,339,913 

 None 

 None 

 721,065 

 1,339,913 

 2,060,978 

 489,064 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Waltham 

 MA 

 None 

 338,955 

 630,279 

 None 

 None 

 338,955 

 630,279 

 969,234 

 230,048 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Weymouth 

 MA 

 None 

 752,234 

 1,397,799 

 None 

 None 

 752,234 

 1,397,799 

 2,150,033 

 510,192 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Woburn 

 MA 

 None 

 676,968 

 1,258,018 

 None 

 None 

 676,968 

 1,258,018 

 1,934,986 

 459,172 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Annapolis 

 MD 

 None 

 780,806 

 1,450,860 

 None 

 None 

 780,806 

 1,450,860 

 2,231,666 

 529,560 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Bowie 

 MD 

 None 

 734,558 

 1,364,970 

 None 

 None 

 734,558 

 1,364,970 

 2,099,528 

 498,210 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 F-9 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Capital Heights 

 MD 

 None 

 701,705 

 1,303,958 

 None 

 None 

 701,705 

 1,303,958 

 2,005,663 

 475,940 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Germantown 

 MD 

 None 

 808,296 

 1,501,913 

 None 

 None 

 808,296 

 1,501,913 

 2,310,209 

 548,194 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Waldorf 

 MD 

 None 

 427,033 

 793,854 

 None 

 None 

 427,033 

 793,854 

 1,220,887 

 289,752 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 None 

 902,443 

 845,536 

 None 

 None 

 902,443 

 845,536 

 1,747,979 

 486,209 

 06/19/98 

 02/20/98 

 300 

 Ferguson 

 MO 

 None 

 386,112 

 717,856 

 None 

 None 

 386,112 

 717,856 

 1,103,968 

 262,013 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Grandview 

 MO 

 None 

 347,150 

 711,024 

 None 

 None 

 347,150 

 711,024 

 1,058,174 

 406,502 

 08/20/98 

 02/20/98 

 300 

 Independence 

 MO 

 None 

 721,020 

 1,339,829 

 None 

 None 

 721,020 

 1,339,829 

 2,060,849 

 489,033 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 508,100 

 457,295 

 None 

 None 

 508,100 

 457,295 

 965,395 

 176,058 

 05/27/03 

 300 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 181,662 

 338,164 

 None 

 None 

 181,662 

 338,164 

 519,826 

 123,426 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Clemmons 

 NC 

 None 

 630,000 

 1,100,160 

 None 

 None 

 630,000 

 1,100,160 

 1,730,160 

 225,533 

 11/09/07 

 300 

 Jamestown 

 NC 

 None 

 650,000 

 857,823 

 None 

 None 

 650,000 

 857,823 

 1,507,823 

 175,854 

 11/09/07 

 300 

 Matthews 

 NC 

 None 

 489,063 

 909,052 

 None 

 None 

 489,063 

 909,052 

 1,398,115 

 331,800 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 253,128 

 810,922 

 None 

 32 

 253,128 

 810,954 

 1,064,082 

 431,192 

 07/22/99 

 03/04/99 

 300 

 Manchester 

 NH 

 None 

 722,532 

 1,342,636 

 None 

 None 

 722,532 

 1,342,636 

 2,065,168 

 490,058 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Newington 

 NH 

 None 

 690,753 

 1,283,624 

 None 

 None 

 690,753 

 1,283,624 

 1,974,377 

 468,519 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Salem 

 NH 

 None 

 597,833 

 1,111,059 

 None 

 None 

 597,833 

 1,111,059 

 1,708,892 

 405,532 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Deptford 

 NJ 

 None 

 619,376 

 1,151,062 

 None 

 None 

 619,376 

 1,151,062 

 1,770,438 

 420,134 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Maple Shade 

 NJ 

 None 

 508,285 

 944,750 

 None 

 None 

 508,285 

 944,750 

 1,453,035 

 344,830 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Woodbury 

 NJ 

 None 

 212,788 

 320,283 

 None 

 None 

 212,788 

 320,283 

 533,071 

 136,117 

 05/14/02 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 242,133 

 450,467 

 None 

 None 

 242,133 

 450,467 

 692,600 

 164,416 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Cambridge 

 OH 

 None 

 103,368 

 192,760 

 None 

 None 

 103,368 

 192,760 

 296,128 

 70,353 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Canton 

 OH 

 None 

 337,161 

 626,948 

 None 

 None 

 337,161 

 626,948 

 964,109 

 228,832 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 OH 

 None 

 582,107 

 1,081,848 

 None 

 None 

 582,107 

 1,081,848 

 1,663,955 

 394,871 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 385,878 

 717,422 

 None 

 None 

 385,878 

 717,422 

 1,103,300 

 261,855 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 509,370 

 752,691 

 None 

 None 

 509,370 

 752,691 

 1,262,061 

 407,878 

 04/14/99 

 09/24/98 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 404,815 

 771,625 

 None 

 None 

 404,815 

 771,625 

 1,176,440 

 418,119 

 04/09/99 

 10/16/98 

 300 

 Greensburg 

 PA 

 None 

 594,891 

 1,105,589 

 None 

 None 

 594,891 

 1,105,589 

 1,700,480 

 403,536 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 None 

 431,050 

 801,313 

 None 

 None 

 431,050 

 801,313 

 1,232,363 

 292,475 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Mechanicsburg 

 PA 

 None 

 455,854 

 847,377 

 None 

 None 

 455,854 

 847,377 

 1,303,231 

 309,288 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Monroeville 

 PA 

 None 

 723,660 

 1,344,733 

 None 

 None 

 723,660 

 1,344,733 

 2,068,393 

 490,823 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 334,939 

 622,821 

 None 

 None 

 334,939 

 622,821 

 957,760 

 227,326 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 384,756 

 715,339 

 None 

 None 

 384,756 

 715,339 

 1,100,095 

 261,095 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 York 

 PA 

 None 

 389,291 

 723,760 

 None 

 None 

 389,291 

 723,760 

 1,113,051 

 264,168 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 343,785 

 295,001 

 183,130 

 None 

 343,785 

 478,131 

 821,916 

 338,959 

 05/27/97 

 02/07/97 

 300 

 Sioux Falls 

 SD 

 None 

 332,979 

 498,108 

 None 

 None 

 332,979 

 498,108 

 831,087 

 286,426 

 06/01/99 

 02/27/98 

 300 

 Goodlettsville 

 TN 

 None 

 601,306 

 1,117,504 

 None 

 None 

 601,306 

 1,117,504 

 1,718,810 

 407,885 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 None 

 560,443 

 1,011,799 

 None 

 None 

 560,443 

 1,011,799 

 1,572,242 

 421,379 

 10/15/01 

 05/09/01 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 599,558 

 1,114,256 

 None 

 None 

 599,558 

 1,114,256 

 1,713,814 

 406,699 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 185,454 

 411,899 

 None 

 None 

 185,454 

 411,899 

 597,353 

 375,784 

 02/06/90 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 710,485 

 1,320,293 

 None 

 None 

 710,485 

 1,320,293 

 2,030,778 

 481,902 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 590,828 

 1,098,073 

 None 

 None 

 590,828 

 1,098,073 

 1,688,901 

 400,792 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 569,909 

 1,059,195 

 None 

 None 

 569,909 

 1,059,195 

 1,629,104 

 386,602 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 532,497 

 989,715 

 None 

 None 

 532,497 

 989,715 

 1,522,212 

 361,242 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Carrollton 

 TX 

 None 

 568,401 

 1,056,394 

 None 

 None 

 568,401 

 1,056,394 

 1,624,795 

 385,580 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 None 

 396,068 

 736,346 

 None 

 None 

 396,068 

 736,346 

 1,132,414 

 268,762 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 191,267 

 424,811 

 None 

 73 

 191,267 

 424,884 

 616,151 

 389,080 

 01/26/90 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 543,950 

 1,010,984 

 None 

 None 

 543,950 

 1,010,984 

 1,554,934 

 369,005 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Garland 

 TX 

 None 

 242,887 

 539,461 

 None 

 None 

 242,887 

 539,461 

 782,348 

 494,006 

 01/19/90 

 300 

 F-10 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Harlingen 

 TX 

 None 

 134,599 

 298,948 

 None 

 None 

 134,599 

 298,948 

 433,547 

 273,759 

 01/17/90 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 151,018 

 335,417 

 None 

 None 

 151,018 

 335,417 

 486,435 

 307,155 

 01/25/90 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 392,113 

 729,002 

 None 

 None 

 392,113 

 729,002 

 1,121,115 

 266,082 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 1,030,379 

 1,914,353 

 None 

 None 

 1,030,379 

 1,914,353 

 2,944,732 

 698,735 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 619,101 

 1,150,551 

 None 

 None 

 619,101 

 1,150,551 

 1,769,652 

 419,947 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 642,495 

 1,193,997 

 None 

 None 

 642,495 

 1,193,997 

 1,836,492 

 435,805 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 872,866 

 1,621,829 

 None 

 None 

 872,866 

 1,621,829 

 2,494,695 

 591,964 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Humble 

 TX 

 None 

 612,414 

 1,138,132 

 None 

 None 

 612,414 

 1,138,132 

 1,750,546 

 415,414 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Leon Valley 

 TX 

 None 

 178,221 

 395,834 

 None 

 None 

 178,221 

 395,834 

 574,055 

 362,481 

 01/17/90 

 300 

 Leon Valley 

 TX 

 None 

 529,967 

 985,046 

 None 

 None 

 529,967 

 985,046 

 1,515,013 

 359,537 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 591,538 

 1,099,363 

 None 

 None 

 591,538 

 1,099,363 

 1,690,901 

 401,263 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 None 

 107,391 

 238,519 

 None 

 None 

 107,391 

 238,519 

 345,910 

 218,421 

 01/24/90 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 187,564 

 417,157 

 700 

 None 

 187,564 

 417,857 

 605,421 

 381,828 

 01/18/90 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 494,407 

 918,976 

 None 

 None 

 494,407 

 918,976 

 1,413,383 

 335,422 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Richardson 

 TX 

 None 

 555,188 

 1,031,855 

 None 

 None 

 555,188 

 1,031,855 

 1,587,043 

 376,623 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 245,164 

 544,518 

 None 

 None 

 245,164 

 544,518 

 789,682 

 496,774 

 02/14/90 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 688,249 

 1,278,967 

 None 

 None 

 688,249 

 1,278,967 

 1,967,216 

 466,819 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Stafford 

 TX 

 None 

 706,786 

 1,313,395 

 None 

 None 

 706,786 

 1,313,395 

 2,020,181 

 479,385 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Waco 

 TX 

 None 

 401,999 

 747,362 

 None 

 None 

 401,999 

 747,362 

 1,149,361 

 272,783 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Webster 

 TX 

 None 

 600,261 

 1,115,563 

 None 

 None 

 600,261 

 1,115,563 

 1,715,824 

 407,176 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Bountiful 

 UT 

 None 

 183,750 

 408,115 

 None 

 111 

 183,750 

 408,226 

 591,976 

 373,807 

 01/30/90 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 VA 

 None 

 542,791 

 1,008,832 

 None 

 None 

 542,791 

 1,008,832 

 1,551,623 

 368,220 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 VA 

 None 

 592,698 

 1,101,517 

 None 

 None 

 592,698 

 1,101,517 

 1,694,215 

 402,049 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Chesapeake 

 VA 

 None 

 770,000 

 1,112,334 

 None 

 None 

 770,000 

 1,112,334 

 1,882,334 

 228,028 

 11/09/07 

 300 

 Lynchburg 

 VA 

 None 

 342,751 

 637,329 

 None 

 None 

 342,751 

 637,329 

 980,080 

 232,621 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 None 

 780,000 

 1,026,384 

 None 

 None 

 780,000 

 1,026,384 

 1,806,384 

 210,409 

 11/09/07 

 300 

 Woodbridge 

 VA 

 None 

 774,854 

 1,439,806 

 None 

 None 

 774,854 

 1,439,806 

 2,214,660 

 525,525 

 11/29/03 

 300 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 None 

 187,111 

 415,579 

 None 

 None 

 187,111 

 415,579 

 602,690 

 380,563 

 01/25/90 

 300 

 Brown Deer 

 WI 

 None 

 257,408 

 802,141 

 None 

 None 

 257,408 

 802,141 

 1,059,549 

 450,598 

 12/15/98 

 07/16/98 

 300 

 Delafield 

 WI 

 None 

 324,574 

 772,702 

 None 

 None 

 324,574 

 772,702 

 1,097,276 

 410,165 

 07/29/99 

 02/26/99 

 300 

 Madison 

 WI 

 None 

 452,630 

 811,977 

 None 

 None 

 452,630 

 811,977 

 1,264,607 

 461,530 

 10/20/98 

 04/07/98 

 300 

 Oak Creek 

 WI 

 None 

 420,465 

 852,408 

 None 

 None 

 420,465 

 852,408 

 1,272,873 

 484,511 

 08/07/98 

 03/20/98 

 300 

 Beverages 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 12,677,285 

 2,750,715 

 None 

 None 

 12,677,285 

 2,750,715 

 15,428,000 

 285,732 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 5,445,030 

 21,154,970 

 None 

 None 

 5,445,030 

 21,154,970 

 26,600,000 

 2,150,755 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 6,039,131 

 1,576,869 

 None 

 None 

 6,039,131 

 1,576,869 

 7,616,000 

 160,315 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 4,988,527 

 1,999,473 

 None 

 None 

 4,988,527 

 1,999,473 

 6,988,000 

 204,414 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 8,146,907 

 2,067,093 

 None 

 None 

 8,146,907 

 2,067,093 

 10,214,000 

 210,154 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 12,675,172 

 4,907,828 

 None 

 None 

 12,675,172 

 4,907,828 

 17,583,000 

 500,043 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 45,184,528 

 10,437,472 

 None 

 None 

 45,184,528 

 10,437,472 

 55,622,000 

 1,063,979 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Calistoga 

 CA 

 None 

 10,630,191 

 5,580,929 

 None 

 None 

 10,630,191 

 5,580,929 

 16,211,120 

 456,297 

 12/15/10 

 300 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 6,000,000 

 25,000,000 

 None 

 None 

 6,000,000 

 25,000,000 

 31,000,000 

 2,541,667 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 11,253,989 

 2,846,011 

 None 

 None 

 11,253,989 

 2,846,011 

 14,100,000 

 291,613 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 17,590,091 

 5,898,149 

 None 

 None 

 17,590,091 

 5,898,149 

 23,488,240 

 625,246 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 10,777,485 

 390,515 

 None 

 None 

 10,777,485 

 390,515 

 11,168,000 

 38,291 

 09/17/10 

 300 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 4,675,262 

 298,928 

 None 

 None 

 4,675,262 

 298,928 

 4,974,190 

 24,412 

 12/15/10 

 300 

 F-11 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Napa 

 CA 

 None 

 6,860,862 

 524,117 

 None 

 None 

 6,860,862 

 524,117 

 7,384,979 

 21,838 

 12/15/11 

 300 

 Paicines 

 CA 

 None 

 12,058,127 

 1,607,783 

 None 

 None 

 12,058,127 

 1,607,783 

 13,665,910 

 170,800 

 12/15/10 

 300 

 St. Helena 

 CA 

 None 

 15,254,700 

 4,150,300 

 None 

 None 

 15,254,700 

 4,150,300 

 19,405,000 

 429,660 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 St. Helena 

 CA 

 None 

 23,471,336 

 6,589,664 

 None 

 None 

 23,471,336 

 6,589,664 

 30,061,000 

 674,000 

 06/25/10 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 1,320,003 

 8,130,438 

 None 

 147 

 1,320,003 

 8,130,585 

 9,450,588 

 555,622 

 04/22/11 

 300 

 Book stores 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 998,250 

 3,696,707 

 124,751 

 79 

 998,250 

 3,821,537 

 4,819,787 

 2,337,874 

 03/11/97 

 300 

 Business services 

 Midland 

 TX 

 None 

 45,500 

 101,058 

 None 

 None 

 45,500 

 101,058 

 146,558 

 101,058 

 10/27/87 

 300 

 Child care 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 63,800 

 295,791 

 None 

 84 

 63,800 

 295,875 

 359,675 

 295,820 

 10/31/84 

 300 

 Avondale 

 AZ 

 None 

 242,723 

 1,129,139 

 None 

 None 

 242,723 

 1,129,139 

 1,371,862 

 611,704 

 04/20/99 

 07/28/98 

 300 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 None 

 291,720 

 647,923 

 None 

 171 

 291,720 

 648,094 

 939,814 

 648,066 

 12/11/87 

 300 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 None 

 271,695 

 603,446 

 9,758 

 19,469 

 271,695 

 632,673 

 904,368 

 605,849 

 12/14/87 

 300 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 None 

 115,000 

 285,172 

 39,971 

 22,341 

 115,000 

 347,484 

 462,484 

 328,846 

 02/08/84 

 180 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 308,951 

 1,025,612 

 None 

 None 

 308,951 

 1,025,612 

 1,334,563 

 545,321 

 07/26/99 

 01/13/99 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 318,500 

 707,397 

 35,595 

 70 

 318,500 

 743,062 

 1,061,562 

 692,390 

 09/29/88 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 260,719 

 516,181 

 None 

 32,296 

 260,719 

 548,477 

 809,196 

 466,302 

 12/26/90 

 300 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 None 

 291,993 

 648,529 

 None 

 171 

 291,993 

 648,700 

 940,693 

 648,672 

 12/14/87 

 300 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 None 

 264,504 

 587,471 

 None 

 27,528 

 264,504 

 614,999 

 879,503 

 536,676 

 06/29/90 

 300 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 None 

 292,200 

 648,989 

 None 

 16,676 

 292,200 

 665,665 

 957,865 

 655,822 

 03/10/88 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 304,500 

 676,303 

 None 

 123 

 304,500 

 676,426 

 980,926 

 657,011 

 09/28/88 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 283,500 

 546,878 

 None 

 316 

 283,500 

 547,194 

 830,694 

 531,428 

 09/29/88 

 300 

 Calabasas 

 CA 

 None 

 156,430 

 725,248 

 100,838 

 58,741 

 156,430 

 884,827 

 1,041,257 

 794,361 

 09/26/85 

 300 

 Carmichael 

 CA 

 None 

 131,035 

 607,507 

 50,368 

 10,947 

 131,035 

 668,822 

 799,857 

 613,743 

 08/22/86 

 300 

 Chino 

 CA 

 None 

 155,000 

 634,071 

 None 

 22 

 155,000 

 634,093 

 789,093 

 634,087 

 10/06/83 

 180 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 350,563 

 778,614 

 None 

 43,353 

 350,563 

 821,967 

 1,172,530 

 796,296 

 10/30/87 

 300 

 El Cajon 

 CA 

 None 

 157,804 

 731,621 

 2,540 

 44,802 

 157,804 

 778,963 

 936,767 

 740,596 

 12/19/85 

 300 

 Escondido 

 CA 

 None 

 276,286 

 613,638 

 5,000 

 44,389 

 276,286 

 663,027 

 939,313 

 637,447 

 12/31/87 

 300 

 Folsom 

 CA 

 None 

 281,563 

 625,363 

 None 

 46 

 281,563 

 625,409 

 906,972 

 625,385 

 10/23/87 

 300 

 Mission Viejo 

 CA 

 None 

 353,891 

 744,367 

 12,500 

 None 

 353,891 

 756,867 

 1,110,758 

 610,849 

 06/24/93 

 300 

 Oceanside 

 CA 

 None 

 145,568 

 674,889 

 17,000 

 None 

 145,568 

 691,889 

 837,457 

 683,449 

 12/23/85 

 300 

 Palmdale 

 CA 

 None 

 249,490 

 554,125 

 9,864 

 None 

 249,490 

 563,989 

 813,479 

 547,098 

 09/14/88 

 300 

 Rancho Cordova 

 CA 

 None 

 276,328 

 613,733 

 24,967 

 None 

 276,328 

 638,700 

 915,028 

 600,331 

 03/22/89 

 300 

 Rancho Cucamonga 

 CA 

 None 

 471,733 

 1,047,739 

 49,000 

 80 

 471,733 

 1,096,819 

 1,568,552 

 1,063,334 

 12/30/87 

 300 

 Roseville 

 CA 

 None 

 297,343 

 660,411 

 27,496 

 None 

 297,343 

 687,907 

 985,250 

 679,205 

 10/21/87 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 290,734 

 645,732 

 None 

 127 

 290,734 

 645,859 

 936,593 

 645,859 

 10/05/87 

 300 

 Simi Valley 

 CA 

 None 

 208,585 

 967,055 

 65,400 

 31 

 208,585 

 1,032,486 

 1,241,071 

 992,202 

 12/20/85 

 300 

 Valencia 

 CA 

 None 

 301,295 

 669,185 

 67,995 

 46 

 301,295 

 737,226 

 1,038,521 

 682,665 

 06/23/88 

 300 

 Walnut 

 CA 

 None 

 217,365 

 1,007,753 

 1,200 

 51,164 

 217,365 

 1,060,117 

 1,277,482 

 1,026,442 

 08/22/86 

 300 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 287,000 

 637,440 

 None 

 278 

 287,000 

 637,718 

 924,718 

 637,611 

 12/31/87 

 300 

 Broomfield 

 CO 

 None 

 155,306 

 344,941 

 25,000 

 211 

 155,306 

 370,152 

 525,458 

 360,308 

 03/15/88 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 58,400 

 271,217 

 25,000 

 211 

 58,400 

 296,428 

 354,828 

 286,418 

 12/22/82 

 180 

 Fort Collins 

 CO 

 None 

 55,200 

 256,356 

 None 

 79 

 55,200 

 256,435 

 311,635 

 256,369 

 12/22/82 

 180 

 Greenwood Village 

 CO 

 None 

 131,216 

 608,372 

 6,862 

 21,268 

 131,216 

 636,502 

 767,718 

 623,006 

 12/05/86 

 300 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 None 

 161,617 

 358,956 

 None 

 82 

 161,617 

 359,038 

 520,655 

 358,976 

 12/10/87 

 300 

 F-12 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Longmont 

 CO 

 None 

 115,592 

 535,931 

 None 

 71 

 115,592 

 536,002 

 651,594 

 535,948 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Louisville 

 CO 

 None 

 58,089 

 269,313 

 18,159 

 82 

 58,089 

 287,554 

 345,643 

 269,455 

 06/22/84 

 300 

 Parker 

 CO 

 None 

 153,551 

 341,042 

 None 

 211 

 153,551 

 341,253 

 494,804 

 341,186 

 10/19/87 

 300 

 Westminster 

 CO 

 None 

 306,387 

 695,737 

 None 

 504 

 306,387 

 696,241 

 1,002,628 

 654,148 

 09/27/89 

 300 

 Bradenton 

 FL 

 None 

 160,060 

 355,501 

 25,000 

 79 

 160,060 

 380,580 

 540,640 

 368,024 

 05/05/88 

 300 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 None 

 42,223 

 269,380 

 None 

 79 

 42,223 

 269,459 

 311,682 

 269,421 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 48,000 

 243,060 

 None 

 420 

 48,000 

 243,480 

 291,480 

 243,280 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 184,800 

 410,447 

 22,872 

 189 

 184,800 

 433,508 

 618,308 

 405,098 

 03/30/89 

 300 

 Margate 

 FL 

 None 

 66,686 

 309,183 

 None 

 240 

 66,686 

 309,423 

 376,109 

 309,342 

 12/16/86 

 300 

 Melbourne 

 FL 

 None 

 256,439 

 549,345 

 None 

 79 

 256,439 

 549,424 

 805,863 

 446,919 

 04/16/93 

 300 

 Niceville 

 FL 

 None 

 73,696 

 341,688 

 None 

 420 

 73,696 

 342,108 

 415,804 

 341,907 

 12/03/86 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 68,001 

 313,922 

 None 

 189 

 68,001 

 314,111 

 382,112 

 314,092 

 09/04/85 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 159,177 

 353,538 

 None 

 154 

 159,177 

 353,692 

 512,869 

 353,584 

 07/02/87 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 190,050 

 422,107 

 5,707 

 342 

 190,050 

 428,156 

 618,206 

 405,444 

 03/30/89 

 300 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 None 

 166,409 

 369,598 

 None 

 154 

 166,409 

 369,752 

 536,161 

 369,645 

 11/20/87 

 300 

 Panama City 

 FL 

 None 

 69,500 

 244,314 

 82,701 

 4,560 

 69,500 

 331,575 

 401,075 

 270,715 

 06/15/82 

 180 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 147,000 

 326,492 

 20,000 

 240 

 147,000 

 346,732 

 493,732 

 316,744 

 03/28/89 

 300 

 Royal Palm Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 194,193 

 431,309 

 25,000 

 None 

 194,193 

 456,309 

 650,502 

 428,297 

 11/15/88 

 300 

 St. Augustine 

 FL 

 None 

 44,800 

 213,040 

 23,090 

 189 

 44,800 

 236,319 

 281,119 

 222,612 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Sunrise 

 FL 

 None 

 245,000 

 533,280 

 92,266 

 28,616 

 245,000 

 654,162 

 899,162 

 560,051 

 05/25/89 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 53,385 

 199,846 

 None 

 154 

 53,385 

 200,000 

 253,385 

 199,893 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 310,000 

 1,040,008 

 None 

 None 

 310,000 

 1,040,008 

 1,350,008 

 549,520 

 08/25/99 

 06/07/99 

 300 

 Ellenwood 

 GA 

 None 

 119,678 

 275,414 

 58,545 

 479 

 119,678 

 334,438 

 454,116 

 276,167 

 11/16/88 

 300 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 None 

 141,449 

 314,161 

 133,888 

 14,614 

 141,449 

 462,663 

 604,112 

 336,443 

 07/07/88 

 300 

 Lithia Springs 

 GA 

 None 

 187,444 

 363,358 

 None 

 84 

 187,444 

 363,442 

 550,886 

 335,249 

 12/28/89 

 300 

 Lithonia 

 GA 

 None 

 239,715 

 524,459 

 24,410 

 26,132 

 239,715 

 575,001 

 814,716 

 489,346 

 08/20/91 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 148,620 

 330,090 

 25,000 

 205 

 148,620 

 355,295 

 503,915 

 338,455 

 09/16/88 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 292,250 

 649,095 

 71,161 

 10,464 

 292,250 

 730,720 

 1,022,970 

 629,474 

 12/02/88 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 295,750 

 596,299 

 None 

 17,678 

 295,750 

 613,977 

 909,727 

 584,181 

 12/30/88 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 301,000 

 668,529 

 71,474 

 19,961 

 301,000 

 759,964 

 1,060,964 

 656,989 

 12/30/88 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 GA 

 None 

 274,750 

 610,229 

 None 

 415 

 274,750 

 610,644 

 885,394 

 588,809 

 11/15/88 

 300 

 Stockbridge 

 GA 

 None 

 168,700 

 374,688 

 47,047 

 84 

 168,700 

 421,819 

 590,519 

 372,612 

 03/28/89 

 300 

 Cedar Rapids 

 IA 

 None 

 194,950 

 427,085 

 None 

 None 

 194,950 

 427,085 

 622,035 

 357,968 

 09/24/92 

 300 

 Iowa City 

 IA 

 None 

 186,900 

 408,910 

 None 

 None 

 186,900 

 408,910 

 595,810 

 342,647 

 09/24/92 

 300 

 Addison 

 IL 

 None 

 125,780 

 583,146 

 None 

 134 

 125,780 

 583,280 

 709,060 

 583,213 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Algonquin 

 IL 

 None 

 241,500 

 509,629 

 28,260 

 134 

 241,500 

 538,023 

 779,523 

 459,271 

 07/10/90 

 300 

 Aurora 

 IL 

 None 

 165,679 

 398,738 

 27,450 

 21,087 

 165,679 

 447,275 

 612,954 

 414,117 

 12/21/88 

 300 

 Aurora 

 IL 

 None 

 468,000 

 1,259,926 

 None 

 None 

 468,000 

 1,259,926 

 1,727,926 

 657,352 

 10/26/99 

 06/14/99 

 300 

 Bartlett 

 IL 

 None 

 120,824 

 560,166 

 54,360 

 8,536 

 120,824 

 623,062 

 743,886 

 562,792 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Carol Stream 

 IL 

 None 

 122,831 

 586,416 

 None 

 134 

 122,831 

 586,550 

 709,381 

 586,484 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Crystal Lake 

 IL 

 None 

 400,000 

 1,259,424 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 1,259,424 

 1,659,424 

 661,278 

 09/28/99 

 05/14/99 

 300 

 Glendale Heights 

 IL 

 None 

 318,500 

 707,399 

 None 

 172 

 318,500 

 707,571 

 1,026,071 

 682,330 

 11/16/88 

 300 

 Hoffman Estates 

 IL 

 None 

 318,500 

 707,399 

 None 

 257 

 318,500 

 707,656 

 1,026,156 

 672,422 

 03/31/89 

 300 

 Homer Glen 

 IL 

 None 

 189,477 

 442,018 

 None 

 85 

 189,477 

 442,103 

 631,580 

 442,038 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Lake in the Hills 

 IL 

 None 

 375,000 

 1,127,678 

 None 

 None 

 375,000 

 1,127,678 

 1,502,678 

 592,108 

 09/03/99 

 05/14/99 

 300 

 Naperville 

 IL 

 None 

 425,000 

 1,230,654 

 None 

 None 

 425,000 

 1,230,654 

 1,655,654 

 642,074 

 10/06/99 

 05/19/99 

 300 

 O’Fallon 

 IL 

 None 

 141,250 

 313,722 

 None 

 232 

 141,250 

 313,954 

 455,204 

 313,787 

 10/30/87 

 300 

 Oswego 

 IL 

 None 

 380,000 

 1,165,818 

 None 

 None 

 380,000 

 1,165,818 

 1,545,818 

 615,994 

 08/18/99 

 06/30/99 

 300 

 Palatine 

 IL 

 None 

 121,911 

 565,232 

 None 

 134 

 121,911 

 565,366 

 687,277 

 565,300 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Roselle 

 IL 

 None 

 297,541 

 561,037 

 None 

 172 

 297,541 

 561,209 

 858,750 

 539,210 

 12/30/88 

 300 

 F-13 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Schaumburg 

 IL 

 None 

 218,798 

 485,955 

 20,461 

 None 

 218,798 

 506,416 

 725,214 

 493,948 

 12/17/87 

 300 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 None 

 132,523 

 614,430 

 None 

 134 

 132,523 

 614,564 

 747,087 

 614,498 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Westmont 

 IL 

 None 

 124,742 

 578,330 

 None 

 266 

 124,742 

 578,596 

 703,338 

 578,489 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Fishers 

 IN 

 None 

 212,118 

 419,958 

 None 

 372 

 212,118 

 420,330 

 632,448 

 369,184 

 12/27/90 

 300 

 Highland 

 IN 

 None 

 220,460 

 436,476 

 None 

 314 

 220,460 

 436,790 

 657,250 

 383,634 

 12/26/90 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 245,000 

 544,153 

 None 

 211 

 245,000 

 544,364 

 789,364 

 489,209 

 06/29/90 

 300 

 Lenexa 

 KS 

 None 

 318,500 

 707,399 

 14,200 

 None 

 318,500 

 721,599 

 1,040,099 

 682,788 

 03/31/89 

 300 

 Olathe 

 KS 

 None 

 304,500 

 676,308 

 66,918 

 186 

 304,500 

 743,412 

 1,047,912 

 676,660 

 09/28/88 

 300 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 None 

 357,500 

 1,115,171 

 None 

 None 

 357,500 

 1,115,171 

 1,472,671 

 592,936 

 07/23/99 

 05/14/99 

 300 

 Shawnee 

 KS 

 None 

 315,000 

 699,629 

 None 

 302 

 315,000 

 699,931 

 1,014,931 

 677,371 

 10/27/88 

 300 

 Shawnee 

 KS 

 None 

 288,246 

 935,875 

 None 

 None 

 288,246 

 935,875 

 1,224,121 

 519,451 

 12/29/98 

 08/24/98 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 108,569 

 352,287 

 (70,181) 

 109 

 108,569 

 282,215 

 390,784 

 48,717 

 12/16/86 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 209,890 

 415,549 

 33,984 

 16,592 

 209,890 

 466,125 

 676,015 

 380,737 

 12/26/90 

 300 

 Lexington 

 KY 

 None 

 210,427 

 420,883 

 None 

 187 

 210,427 

 421,070 

 631,497 

 363,057 

 08/20/91 

 300 

 Acton 

 MA 

 None 

 315,533 

 700,813 

 None 

 278 

 315,533 

 701,091 

 1,016,624 

 681,042 

 09/30/88 

 300 

 Marlborough 

 MA 

 None 

 352,765 

 776,488 

 None 

 232 

 352,765 

 776,720 

 1,129,485 

 749,008 

 11/04/88 

 300 

 Westborough 

 MA 

 None 

 359,412 

 773,877 

 63,037 

 22,543 

 359,412 

 859,457 

 1,218,869 

 754,775 

 11/01/88 

 300 

 Ellicott City 

 MD 

 None 

 219,368 

 630,839 

 26,550 

 None 

 219,368 

 657,389 

 876,757 

 621,542 

 12/19/88 

 300 

 Frederick 

 MD 

 None 

 203,352 

 1,017,109 

 None 

 302 

 203,352 

 1,017,411 

 1,220,763 

 588,278 

 07/06/98 

 300 

 Olney 

 MD 

 None 

 342,500 

 760,701 

 4,400 

 41,605 

 342,500 

 806,706 

 1,149,206 

 779,340 

 12/18/87 

 300 

 Waldorf 

 MD 

 None 

 130,430 

 604,702 

 None 

 580 

 130,430 

 605,282 

 735,712 

 605,012 

 09/26/84 

 300 

 Waldorf 

 MD 

 None 

 237,207 

 526,844 

 None 

 172 

 237,207 

 527,016 

 764,223 

 526,885 

 12/31/87 

 300 

 Canton 

 MI 

 None 

 55,000 

 378,848 

 2,913 

 11,071 

 55,000 

 392,832 

 447,832 

 388,312 

 10/06/82 

 180 

 Apple Valley 

 MN 

 None 

 113,523 

 526,319 

 None 

 197 

 113,523 

 526,516 

 640,039 

 526,411 

 03/26/86 

 300 

 Brooklyn Park 

 MN 

 None 

 118,111 

 547,587 

 None 

 197 

 118,111 

 547,784 

 665,895 

 547,679 

 03/26/86 

 300 

 Eden Prairie 

 MN 

 None 

 124,286 

 576,243 

 None 

 197 

 124,286 

 576,440 

 700,726 

 576,335 

 03/27/86 

 300 

 Maple Grove 

 MN 

 None 

 313,250 

 660,149 

 None 

 278 

 313,250 

 660,427 

 973,677 

 592,070 

 07/11/90 

 300 

 Plymouth 

 MN 

 None 

 134,221 

 622,350 

 None 

 197 

 134,221 

 622,547 

 756,768 

 622,442 

 12/12/86 

 300 

 White Bear Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 242,165 

 537,856 

 None 

 278 

 242,165 

 538,134 

 780,299 

 479,986 

 08/30/90 

 300 

 Florissant 

 MO 

 None 

 181,300 

 402,672 

 34,635 

 12,499 

 181,300 

 449,806 

 631,106 

 399,443 

 03/29/89 

 300 

 Florissant 

 MO 

 None 

 318,500 

 707,399 

 78,556 

 10,975 

 318,500 

 796,930 

 1,115,430 

 695,526 

 03/30/89 

 300 

 Gladstone 

 MO 

 None 

 294,000 

 652,987 

 None 

 9,295 

 294,000 

 662,282 

 956,282 

 638,177 

 09/29/88 

 300 

 Lee’s Summit 

 MO 

 None 

 239,627 

 532,220 

 None 

 179 

 239,627 

 532,399 

 772,026 

 494,725 

 09/27/89 

 300 

 Lee’s Summit 

 MO 

 None 

 330,000 

 993,787 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 993,787 

 1,323,787 

 528,393 

 07/26/99 

 06/17/99 

 300 

 Lee’s Summit 

 MO 

 None 

 313,740 

 939,367 

 None 

 None 

 313,740 

 939,367 

 1,253,107 

 496,346 

 09/08/99 

 06/30/99 

 300 

 North Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 307,784 

 910,401 

 None 

 None 

 307,784 

 910,401 

 1,218,185 

 510,821 

 09/28/99 

 08/21/98 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 248,483 

 572,522 

 17,627 

 17,780 

 248,483 

 607,929 

 856,412 

 312,369 

 11/16/99 

 300 

 Pearl 

 MS 

 None 

 121,801 

 270,524 

 18,837 

 4,207 

 121,801 

 293,568 

 415,369 

 274,768 

 11/15/88 

 300 

 Tupelo 

 MS 

 None 

 121,697 

 637,691 

 26,216 

 9,587 

 121,697 

 673,494 

 795,191 

 421,503 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Cary 

 NC 

 None 

 75,200 

 262,973 

 15,000 

 187 

 75,200 

 278,160 

 353,360 

 267,285 

 01/25/84 

 180 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 134,582 

 268,222 

 24,478 

 139 

 134,582 

 292,839 

 427,421 

 275,359 

 11/16/88 

 300 

 Concord 

 NC 

 None 

 32,441 

 190,859 

 None 

 326 

 32,441 

 191,185 

 223,626 

 191,102 

 12/23/81 

 180 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 175,700 

 390,234 

 26,312 

 187 

 175,700 

 416,733 

 592,433 

 389,305 

 03/29/89 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 220,728 

 429,380 

 None 

 321 

 220,728 

 429,701 

 650,429 

 396,414 

 12/29/89 

 300 

 Kernersville 

 NC 

 None 

 162,216 

 316,300 

 None 

 223 

 162,216 

 316,523 

 478,739 

 292,160 

 12/14/89 

 300 

 Bellevue 

 NE 

 None 

 60,568 

 280,819 

 None 

 179 

 60,568 

 280,998 

 341,566 

 280,971 

 12/16/86 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 60,500 

 280,491 

 None 

 211 

 60,500 

 280,702 

 341,202 

 280,646 

 08/01/84 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 53,000 

 245,720 

 22,027 

 211 

 53,000 

 267,958 

 320,958 

 254,214 

 10/11/84 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 142,867 

 317,315 

 None 

 178 

 142,867 

 317,493 

 460,360 

 317,464 

 12/09/87 

 300 

 Londonderry 

 NH 

 None 

 335,467 

 745,082 

 None 

 278 

 335,467 

 745,360 

 1,080,827 

 695,380 

 08/18/89 

 300 

 F-14 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Clementon 

 NJ 

 None 

 279,851 

 554,060 

 18,899 

 None 

 279,851 

 572,959 

 852,810 

 472,966 

 09/09/91 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 201,250 

 446,983 

 None 

 126 

 201,250 

 447,109 

 648,359 

 401,819 

 06/29/90 

 300 

 Beavercreek 

 OH 

 None 

 179,552 

 398,786 

 None 

 122 

 179,552 

 398,908 

 578,460 

 398,887 

 06/30/87 

 300 

 Centerville 

 OH 

 None 

 174,519 

 387,613 

 None 

 237 

 174,519 

 387,850 

 562,369 

 387,770 

 07/23/87 

 300 

 Dublin 

 OH 

 None 

 84,000 

 389,446 

 None 

 230 

 84,000 

 389,676 

 473,676 

 389,671 

 10/08/85 

 300 

 Englewood 

 OH 

 None 

 74,000 

 343,083 

 None 

 258 

 74,000 

 343,341 

 417,341 

 343,276 

 10/23/85 

 300 

 Forest Park 

 OH 

 None 

 170,778 

 379,305 

 None 

 85 

 170,778 

 379,390 

 550,168 

 379,325 

 09/28/87 

 300 

 Huber Heights 

 OH 

 None 

 245,000 

 544,153 

 None 

 122 

 245,000 

 544,275 

 789,275 

 483,607 

 09/27/90 

 300 

 Pickerington 

 OH 

 None 

 87,580 

 406,055 

 None 

 116 

 87,580 

 406,171 

 493,751 

 406,111 

 12/11/86 

 300 

 Westerville 

 OH 

 None 

 82,000 

 380,173 

 None 

 122 

 82,000 

 380,295 

 462,295 

 380,274 

 10/08/85 

 300 

 Westerville 

 OH 

 None 

 294,350 

 646,557 

 None 

 122 

 294,350 

 646,679 

 941,029 

 575,541 

 09/26/90 

 300 

 Broken Arrow 

 OK 

 None 

 78,705 

 220,434 

 None 

 None 

 78,705 

 220,434 

 299,139 

 220,434 

 01/27/83 

 180 

 Midwest City 

 OK 

 None 

 67,800 

 314,338 

 None 

 None 

 67,800 

 314,338 

 382,138 

 314,338 

 08/14/85 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 50,800 

 214,474 

 None 

 173 

 50,800 

 214,647 

 265,447 

 214,621 

 06/15/82 

 180 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 79,000 

 366,261 

 17,659 

 173 

 79,000 

 384,093 

 463,093 

 382,032 

 11/14/84 

 300 

 Yukon 

 OK 

 None 

 61,000 

 282,812 

 27,000 

 173 

 61,000 

 309,985 

 370,985 

 301,696 

 05/02/85 

 300 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 125,593 

 278,947 

 None 

 514 

 125,593 

 279,461 

 405,054 

 275,327 

 05/26/88 

 300 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 140,700 

 312,498 

 25,000 

 376 

 140,700 

 337,874 

 478,574 

 313,740 

 03/28/89 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 58,160 

 269,643 

 None 

 139 

 58,160 

 269,782 

 327,942 

 269,781 

 11/14/84 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 160,831 

 313,600 

 None 

 223 

 160,831 

 313,823 

 474,654 

 289,668 

 12/14/89 

 300 

 Goose Creek 

 SC 

 None 

 61,635 

 192,905 

 None 

 376 

 61,635 

 193,281 

 254,916 

 193,152 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Summerville 

 SC 

 None 

 44,400 

 174,500 

 None 

 321 

 44,400 

 174,821 

 219,221 

 174,648 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 56,010 

 268,903 

 59,453 

 641 

 56,010 

 328,997 

 385,007 

 269,457 

 06/18/85 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 238,263 

 504,897 

 None 

 None 

 238,263 

 504,897 

 743,160 

 490,466 

 09/29/88 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 238,000 

 528,608 

 2,734 

 111 

 238,000 

 531,453 

 769,453 

 515,780 

 09/30/88 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 82,109 

 380,677 

 12,321 

 197 

 82,109 

 393,195 

 475,304 

 383,496 

 12/13/84 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 238,000 

 528,604 

 (23,265) 

 605 

 238,000 

 505,944 

 743,944 

 520,350 

 09/26/88 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 241,500 

 550,559 

 33,725 

 101 

 241,500 

 584,385 

 825,885 

 552,684 

 09/22/89 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 103,600 

 230,532 

 8,750 

 16 

 103,600 

 239,298 

 342,898 

 238,627 

 10/29/82 

 180 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 88,872 

 222,684 

 54,562 

 15,026 

 88,872 

 292,272 

 381,144 

 260,340 

 01/12/83 

 180 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 134,383 

 623,103 

 2,379 

 13,967 

 134,383 

 639,449 

 773,832 

 628,126 

 12/23/86 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 236,733 

 640,023 

 39,352 

 139 

 236,733 

 679,514 

 916,247 

 564,516 

 09/27/88 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 191,636 

 425,629 

 15,530 

 294 

 191,636 

 441,453 

 633,089 

 422,282 

 12/22/88 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 217,878 

 483,913 

 29,469 

 None 

 217,878 

 513,382 

 731,260 

 473,826 

 06/22/89 

 300 

 Bedford 

 TX 

 None 

 241,500 

 550,559 

 34,949 

 73 

 241,500 

 585,581 

 827,081 

 540,603 

 09/22/89 

 300 

 Carrollton 

 TX 

 None 

 277,850 

 617,113 

 12,086 

 18,544 

 277,850 

 647,743 

 925,593 

 637,928 

 12/11/87 

 300 

 Cedar Park 

 TX 

 None 

 168,857 

 375,036 

 5,200 

 282 

 168,857 

 380,518 

 549,375 

 365,786 

 11/21/88 

 300 

 Colleyville 

 TX 

 None 

 250,000 

 1,070,360 

 None 

 102 

 250,000 

 1,070,462 

 1,320,462 

 565,555 

 08/17/99 

 05/14/99 

 300 

 Converse 

 TX 

 None 

 217,000 

 481,963 

 None 

 294 

 217,000 

 482,257 

 699,257 

 468,426 

 09/28/88 

 300 

 Corinth 

 TX 

 None 

 285,000 

 1,041,626 

 None 

 None 

 285,000 

 1,041,626 

 1,326,626 

 557,265 

 06/04/99 

 05/19/99 

 300 

 Euless 

 TX 

 None 

 234,111 

 519,962 

 None 

 217 

 234,111 

 520,179 

 754,290 

 520,170 

 05/08/87 

 300 

 Flower Mound 

 TX 

 None 

 202,773 

 442,845 

 32,069 

 16,315 

 202,773 

 491,229 

 694,002 

 457,081 

 04/20/87 

 300 

 Flower Mound 

 TX 

 None 

 281,735 

 1,099,726 

 3,500 

 37 

 281,735 

 1,103,263 

 1,384,998 

 595,673 

 04/23/99 

 01/13/99 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 85,518 

 396,495 

 33,279 

 6,266 

 85,518 

 436,040 

 521,558 

 418,550 

 12/03/86 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 238,000 

 528,608 

 73,662 

 4,191 

 238,000 

 606,461 

 844,461 

 521,934 

 09/26/88 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 216,160 

 427,962 

 None 

 149 

 216,160 

 428,111 

 644,271 

 373,192 

 02/07/91 

 300 

 Garland 

 TX 

 None 

 211,050 

 468,749 

 19,867 

 95 

 211,050 

 488,711 

 699,761 

 436,383 

 12/12/89 

 300 

 Grand Prairie 

 TX 

 None 

 167,164 

 371,276 

 58,206 

 16,412 

 167,164 

 445,894 

 613,058 

 385,071 

 12/13/88 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 60,000 

 278,175 

 22,168 

 725 

 60,000 

 301,068 

 361,068 

 285,918 

 05/01/85 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 139,125 

 308,997 

 19,128 

 229 

 139,125 

 328,354 

 467,479 

 319,944 

 05/22/87 

 300 

 F-15 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 141,296 

 313,824 

 12,442 

 5,289 

 141,296 

 331,555 

 472,851 

 324,359 

 07/24/87 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 219,100 

 486,631 

 None 

 261 

 219,100 

 486,892 

 705,992 

 472,874 

 09/30/88 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 149,109 

 323,314 

 27,979 

 10,061 

 149,109 

 361,354 

 510,463 

 308,733 

 06/26/89 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 294,582 

 919,276 

 None 

 None 

 294,582 

 919,276 

 1,213,858 

 507,183 

 01/11/99 

 08/14/98 

 300 

 Humble 

 TX 

 None 

 278,915 

 1,034,868 

 None 

 None 

 278,915 

 1,034,868 

 1,313,783 

 550,235 

 07/19/99 

 05/14/99 

 300 

 Katy 

 TX 

 None 

 309,898 

 983,041 

 None 

 None 

 309,898 

 983,041 

 1,292,939 

 548,890 

 11/30/98 

 08/21/98 

 300 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 None 

 192,777 

 428,121 

 36,000 

 95 

 192,777 

 464,216 

 656,993 

 430,953 

 01/07/87 

 300 

 Mansfield 

 TX 

 None 

 181,375 

 402,839 

 46,878 

 17,274 

 181,375 

 466,991 

 648,366 

 400,643 

 12/20/89 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 85,000 

 394,079 

 9,855 

 12,885 

 85,000 

 416,819 

 501,819 

 409,076 

 10/24/84 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 139,466 

 326,525 

 39,638 

 13,047 

 139,466 

 379,210 

 518,676 

 316,355 

 10/08/92 

 300 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 None 

 60,000 

 278,173 

 21,315 

 15,075 

 60,000 

 314,563 

 374,563 

 289,116 

 10/23/84 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 261,912 

 581,658 

 30,831 

 18,268 

 261,912 

 630,757 

 892,669 

 611,824 

 01/06/87 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 250,514 

 556,399 

 19,869 

 10,306 

 250,514 

 586,574 

 837,088 

 566,772 

 12/10/87 

 300 

 Round Rock 

 TX 

 None 

 80,525 

 373,347 

 None 

 19,117 

 80,525 

 392,464 

 472,989 

 383,500 

 12/16/86 

 300 

 Round Rock 

 TX 

 None 

 186,380 

 413,957 

 33,093 

 None 

 186,380 

 447,050 

 633,430 

 413,500 

 04/19/89 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 130,833 

 606,596 

 14,000 

 192 

 130,833 

 620,788 

 751,621 

 606,671 

 03/24/86 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 102,512 

 475,288 

 35,211 

 None 

 102,512 

 510,499 

 613,011 

 475,447 

 12/03/86 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 81,530 

 378,007 

 None 

 266 

 81,530 

 378,273 

 459,803 

 378,196 

 12/11/86 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 139,125 

 308,997 

 30,885 

 13,386 

 139,125 

 353,268 

 492,393 

 330,747 

 05/22/87 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 181,412 

 402,923 

 None 

 396 

 181,412 

 403,319 

 584,731 

 403,192 

 07/07/87 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 234,500 

 520,831 

 None 

 282 

 234,500 

 521,113 

 755,613 

 521,006 

 12/29/87 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 217,000 

 481,967 

 32,529 

 115 

 217,000 

 514,611 

 731,611 

 486,690 

 10/14/88 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 182,868 

 406,155 

 18,940 

 None 

 182,868 

 425,095 

 607,963 

 406,786 

 12/06/88 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 220,500 

 447,108 

 None 

 115 

 220,500 

 447,223 

 667,723 

 424,991 

 03/30/89 

 300 

 Sugar Land 

 TX 

 None 

 339,310 

 1,000,876 

 None 

 None 

 339,310 

 1,000,876 

 1,340,186 

 538,803 

 05/30/99 

 01/13/99 

 300 

 Layton 

 UT 

 None 

 136,574 

 269,008 

 None 

 314 

 136,574 

 269,322 

 405,896 

 247,052 

 02/01/90 

 300 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 None 

 168,089 

 373,330 

 None 

 314 

 168,089 

 373,644 

 541,733 

 340,879 

 02/01/90 

 300 

 Centreville 

 VA 

 None 

 371,000 

 824,003 

 None 

 592 

 371,000 

 824,595 

 1,195,595 

 766,116 

 09/29/89 

 300 

 Chesapeake 

 VA 

 None 

 190,050 

 422,107 

 24,568 

 None 

 190,050 

 446,675 

 636,725 

 417,629 

 03/28/89 

 300 

 Glen Allen 

 VA 

 None 

 74,643 

 346,060 

 None 

 283 

 74,643 

 346,343 

 420,986 

 346,207 

 06/20/84 

 300 

 Portsmouth 

 VA 

 None 

 171,575 

 381,073 

 24,932 

 None 

 171,575 

 406,005 

 577,580 

 382,551 

 12/21/88 

 300 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 None 

 69,080 

 320,270 

 29,024 

 13,825 

 69,080 

 363,119 

 432,199 

 335,186 

 11/15/84 

 300 

 Federal Way 

 WA 

 None 

 150,785 

 699,101 

 None 

 107 

 150,785 

 699,208 

 849,993 

 699,129 

 12/17/86 

 300 

 Federal Way 

 WA 

 None 

 261,943 

 581,782 

 27,500 

 107 

 261,943 

 609,389 

 871,332 

 577,631 

 11/21/88 

 300 

 Kent 

 WA 

 None 

 128,300 

 539,141 

 None 

 None 

 128,300 

 539,141 

 667,441 

 539,141 

 06/03/83 

 180 

 Kent 

 WA 

 None 

 140,763 

 678,809 

 36,500 

 None 

 140,763 

 715,309 

 856,072 

 694,518 

 12/17/86 

 300 

 Kirkland 

 WA 

 None 

 301,000 

 668,534 

 None 

 107 

 301,000 

 668,641 

 969,641 

 663,752 

 03/31/88 

 300 

 Puyallup 

 WA 

 None 

 195,552 

 434,327 

 27,000 

 107 

 195,552 

 461,434 

 656,986 

 435,093 

 12/06/88 

 300 

 Redmond 

 WA 

 None 

 279,830 

 621,513 

 None 

 107 

 279,830 

 621,620 

 901,450 

 621,542 

 07/27/87 

 300 

 Renton 

 WA 

 None 

 111,183 

 515,490 

 None 

 None 

 111,183 

 515,490 

 626,673 

 515,490 

 03/24/86 

 300 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 None 

 196,000 

 424,038 

 None 

 581 

 196,000 

 424,619 

 620,619 

 380,508 

 07/10/90 

 300 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 None 

 233,100 

 461,500 

 None 

 581 

 233,100 

 462,081 

 695,181 

 405,663 

 12/13/90 

 300 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 None 

 215,950 

 427,546 

 None 

 581 

 215,950 

 428,127 

 644,077 

 375,836 

 12/13/90 

 300 

 Consumer appliances 

 Greenville 

 OH 

 None 

 820,230 

 12,985,433 

 None 

 None 

 820,230 

 12,985,433 

 13,805,663 

 238,066 

 07/31/12 

 300 

 Consumer electronics 

 Mary Esther 

 FL 

 None 

 149,696 

 363,263 

 62,464 

 76 

 149,696 

 425,803 

 575,499 

 249,338 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 F-16 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 401,874 

 933,768 

 103,336 

 31,913 

 401,874 

 1,069,017 

 1,470,891 

 609,523 

 12/23/97 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 GA 

 None 

 1,094,058 

 3,090,236 

 None 

 None 

 1,094,058 

 3,090,236 

 4,184,294 

 1,920,982 

 06/09/97 

 300 

 Richmond 

 IN 

 None 

 93,999 

 193,753 

 2,822 

 179 

 93,999 

 196,754 

 290,753 

 126,878 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MI 

 None 

 550,162 

 571,590 

 None 

 None 

 550,162 

 571,590 

 1,121,752 

 317,356 

 01/15/99 

 09/25/98 

 300 

 Pineville 

 NC 

 None 

 567,864 

 840,284 

 37,249 

 39,217 

 567,864 

 916,750 

 1,484,614 

 507,590 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Westbury 

 NY 

 None 

 6,333,590 

 3,952,773 

 20,493 

 None 

 6,333,590 

 3,973,266 

 10,306,856 

 2,429,846 

 09/29/97 

 300 

 Bartlett 

 TN 

 None 

 420,000 

 674,437 

 49,629 

 6,323 

 420,000 

 730,389 

 1,150,389 

 374,017 

 05/12/99 

 02/23/99 

 300 

 Consumer goods 

 West Branch 

 IA 

 12,982,457 

 969,797 

 19,896,576 

 None 

 None 

 969,797 

 19,896,576 

 20,866,373 

 232,127 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Convenience stores 

 Daphne 

 AL 

 None 

 140,000 

 391,637 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 391,637 

 531,637 

 137,723 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 None 

 190,000 

 301,637 

 None 

 None 

 190,000 

 301,637 

 491,637 

 106,073 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 None 

 180,000 

 421,637 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 421,637 

 601,637 

 148,273 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Florence 

 AZ 

 None 

 150,000 

 371,637 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 371,637 

 521,637 

 130,690 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Gilbert 

 AZ 

 None 

 680,000 

 1,111,637 

 None 

 None 

 680,000 

 1,111,637 

 1,791,637 

 390,923 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Litchfield Park 

 AZ 

 None 

 610,000 

 531,637 

 None 

 None 

 610,000 

 531,637 

 1,141,637 

 186,956 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Marana 

 AZ 

 None 

 180,000 

 331,637 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 331,637 

 511,637 

 116,623 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Marana 

 AZ 

 None 

 330,000 

 911,637 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 911,637 

 1,241,637 

 320,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Maricopa 

 AZ 

 None 

 170,000 

 361,637 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 361,637 

 531,637 

 127,173 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 560,000 

 821,637 

 None 

 None 

 560,000 

 821,637 

 1,381,637 

 288,940 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 750,000 

 1,071,637 

 None 

 None 

 750,000 

 1,071,637 

 1,821,637 

 376,856 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 810,000 

 1,061,637 

 None 

 None 

 810,000 

 1,061,637 

 1,871,637 

 373,340 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 890,000 

 1,081,637 

 None 

 None 

 890,000 

 1,081,637 

 1,971,637 

 380,373 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 780,000 

 1,071,637 

 None 

 None 

 780,000 

 1,071,637 

 1,851,637 

 376,856 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 900,000 

 1,191,637 

 None 

 None 

 900,000 

 1,191,637 

 2,091,637 

 419,056 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Payson 

 AZ 

 None 

 210,000 

 351,637 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 351,637 

 561,637 

 123,656 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Payson 

 AZ 

 None 

 260,000 

 311,637 

 None 

 None 

 260,000 

 311,637 

 571,637 

 109,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Peoria 

 AZ 

 None 

 520,000 

 751,637 

 None 

 None 

 520,000 

 751,637 

 1,271,637 

 264,323 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 440,000 

 511,637 

 None 

 None 

 440,000 

 511,637 

 951,637 

 179,923 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 360,000 

 421,637 

 None 

 None 

 360,000 

 421,637 

 781,637 

 148,273 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 710,000 

 591,637 

 None 

 None 

 710,000 

 591,637 

 1,301,637 

 208,056 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 320,000 

 661,637 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 661,637 

 981,637 

 232,673 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 450,000 

 651,637 

 None 

 None 

 450,000 

 651,637 

 1,101,637 

 229,156 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 430,000 

 711,637 

 None 

 None 

 430,000 

 711,637 

 1,141,637 

 250,256 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 730,000 

 931,637 

 None 

 None 

 730,000 

 931,637 

 1,661,637 

 327,623 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 400,000 

 931,637 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 931,637 

 1,331,637 

 327,623 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 790,000 

 1,051,637 

 None 

 None 

 790,000 

 1,051,637 

 1,841,637 

 369,823 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Pinetop 

 AZ 

 None 

 170,000 

 311,637 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 311,637 

 481,637 

 109,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Queen Creek 

 AZ 

 None 

 520,000 

 891,637 

 None 

 None 

 520,000 

 891,637 

 1,411,637 

 313,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 None 

 210,000 

 201,637 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 201,637 

 411,637 

 70,906 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 None 

 660,000 

 1,031,637 

 None 

 None 

 660,000 

 1,031,637 

 1,691,637 

 362,790 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Sierra Vista 

 AZ 

 None 

 110,000 

 301,637 

 None 

 None 

 110,000 

 301,637 

 411,637 

 106,073 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 None 

 620,000 

 1,071,637 

 None 

 None 

 620,000 

 1,071,637 

 1,691,637 

 376,856 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 None 

 270,000 

 461,637 

 None 

 None 

 270,000 

 461,637 

 731,637 

 162,340 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tolleson 

 AZ 

 None 

 460,000 

 1,231,637 

 None 

 None 

 460,000 

 1,231,637 

 1,691,637 

 433,123 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 F-17 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Tombstone 

 AZ 

 None 

 110,000 

 381,637 

 None 

 None 

 110,000 

 381,637 

 491,637 

 134,206 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 220,000 

 311,637 

 None 

 None 

 220,000 

 311,637 

 531,637 

 109,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 240,000 

 341,637 

 None 

 None 

 240,000 

 341,637 

 581,637 

 120,140 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 550,000 

 511,637 

 None 

 None 

 550,000 

 511,637 

 1,061,637 

 179,923 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 126,000 

 234,565 

 None 

 None 

 126,000 

 234,565 

 360,565 

 81,707 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Wellton 

 AZ 

 None 

 120,000 

 291,637 

 None 

 None 

 120,000 

 291,637 

 411,637 

 102,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Wickenburg 

 AZ 

 None 

 150,000 

 291,637 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 291,637 

 441,637 

 102,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Manchester 

 CT 

 None 

 118,262 

 305,510 

 None 

 None 

 118,262 

 305,510 

 423,772 

 217,421 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Vernon 

 CT 

 None 

 179,646 

 319,372 

 None 

 None 

 179,646 

 319,372 

 499,018 

 227,286 

 03/09/95 

 300 

 Westbrook 

 CT 

 None 

 98,247 

 373,340 

 None 

 None 

 98,247 

 373,340 

 471,587 

 265,693 

 03/09/95 

 300 

 Camden 

 DE 

 None 

 113,811 

 174,435 

 None 

 None 

 113,811 

 174,435 

 288,246 

 68,313 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Camden 

 DE 

 None 

 250,528 

 379,165 

 None 

 None 

 250,528 

 379,165 

 629,693 

 148,499 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Dewey 

 DE 

 None 

 147,465 

 224,665 

 None 

 None 

 147,465 

 224,665 

 372,130 

 87,987 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Dover 

 DE 

 None 

 278,804 

 421,707 

 None 

 None 

 278,804 

 421,707 

 700,511 

 165,161 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Dover 

 DE 

 None 

 367,137 

 554,207 

 None 

 None 

 367,137 

 554,207 

 921,344 

 217,057 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Dover 

 DE 

 None 

 367,425 

 554,884 

 None 

 None 

 367,425 

 554,884 

 922,309 

 217,322 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Felton 

 DE 

 None 

 307,260 

 464,391 

 None 

 None 

 307,260 

 464,391 

 771,651 

 181,879 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Greenwood 

 DE 

 None 

 632,303 

 1,176,711 

 None 

 None 

 632,303 

 1,176,711 

 1,809,014 

 241,224 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Harrington 

 DE 

 None 

 563,812 

 849,220 

 None 

 None 

 563,812 

 849,220 

 1,413,032 

 332,604 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Milford 

 DE 

 None 

 310,049 

 468,575 

 None 

 None 

 310,049 

 468,575 

 778,624 

 183,518 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Newcastle 

 DE 

 None 

 589,325 

 887,488 

 None 

 None 

 589,325 

 887,488 

 1,476,813 

 347,592 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 DE 

 None 

 121,774 

 186,436 

 None 

 None 

 121,774 

 186,436 

 308,210 

 73,013 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 DE 

 None 

 401,135 

 605,332 

 None 

 None 

 401,135 

 605,332 

 1,006,467 

 237,081 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Townsend 

 DE 

 None 

 241,416 

 365,749 

 None 

 None 

 241,416 

 365,749 

 607,165 

 143,244 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 DE 

 None 

 280,682 

 424,525 

 None 

 None 

 280,682 

 424,525 

 705,207 

 166,265 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Archer 

 FL 

 None 

 296,238 

 578,145 

 None 

 None 

 296,238 

 578,145 

 874,383 

 315,088 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Bushnell 

 FL 

 None 

 130,000 

 291,637 

 None 

 None 

 130,000 

 291,637 

 421,637 

 102,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 None 

 359,792 

 311,845 

 None 

 None 

 359,792 

 311,845 

 671,637 

 109,663 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Cocoa 

 FL 

 None 

 323,827 

 287,810 

 None 

 None 

 323,827 

 287,810 

 611,637 

 101,211 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Deltona 

 FL 

 None 

 140,000 

 321,637 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 321,637 

 461,637 

 113,106 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Ellenton 

 FL 

 None 

 250,000 

 261,637 

 None 

 None 

 250,000 

 261,637 

 511,637 

 92,006 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Englewood 

 FL 

 None 

 270,000 

 331,637 

 None 

 None 

 270,000 

 331,637 

 601,637 

 116,623 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 515,834 

 873,187 

 None 

 None 

 515,834 

 873,187 

 1,389,021 

 475,886 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 480,318 

 600,633 

 None 

 None 

 480,318 

 600,633 

 1,080,951 

 327,344 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 347,310 

 694,859 

 None 

 None 

 347,310 

 694,859 

 1,042,169 

 378,697 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 339,263 

 658,807 

 None 

 None 

 339,263 

 658,807 

 998,070 

 359,049 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 351,921 

 552,557 

 None 

 None 

 351,921 

 552,557 

 904,478 

 301,142 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 500,032 

 850,291 

 None 

 None 

 500,032 

 850,291 

 1,350,323 

 463,407 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Homosassa Springs 

 FL 

 None 

 740,000 

 621,637 

 None 

 None 

 740,000 

 621,637 

 1,361,637 

 218,606 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Hudson 

 FL 

 None 

 300,000 

 351,637 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 351,637 

 651,637 

 123,656 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Intercession City 

 FL 

 None 

 161,776 

 319,861 

 None 

 None 

 161,776 

 319,861 

 481,637 

 112,482 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 522,188 

 371,885 

 None 

 None 

 522,188 

 371,885 

 894,073 

 202,676 

 05/07/99 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 266,111 

 494,206 

 None 

 None 

 266,111 

 494,206 

 760,317 

 172,148 

 04/01/04 

 300 

 Key West 

 FL 

 None 

 873,700 

 627,937 

 None 

 None 

 873,700 

 627,937 

 1,501,637 

 220,822 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Key West 

 FL 

 None 

 492,785 

 208,852 

 None 

 None 

 492,785 

 208,852 

 701,637 

 73,444 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 527,076 

 464,561 

 None 

 None 

 527,076 

 464,561 

 991,637 

 163,368 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 300,000 

 321,637 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 321,637 

 621,637 

 113,106 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 F-18 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Lakeport 

 FL 

 None 

 180,342 

 331,295 

 None 

 None 

 180,342 

 331,295 

 511,637 

 116,503 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Land O’ Lakes 

 FL 

 None 

 120,000 

 361,637 

 None 

 None 

 120,000 

 361,637 

 481,637 

 127,173 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Lutz 

 FL 

 None 

 480,000 

 421,637 

 None 

 None 

 480,000 

 421,637 

 901,637 

 148,273 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Naples 

 FL 

 None 

 150,000 

 301,637 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 301,637 

 451,637 

 106,073 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Naples 

 FL 

 None 

 620,000 

 381,637 

 None 

 None 

 620,000 

 381,637 

 1,001,637 

 134,206 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 New Port Richey 

 FL 

 None 

 190,000 

 601,637 

 None 

 None 

 190,000 

 601,637 

 791,637 

 211,573 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 North Fort Meyers 

 FL 

 None 

 140,000 

 281,637 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 281,637 

 421,637 

 99,040 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Okeechobee 

 FL 

 None 

 195,075 

 346,562 

 None 

 None 

 195,075 

 346,562 

 541,637 

 121,872 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 240,000 

 301,637 

 None 

 None 

 240,000 

 301,637 

 541,637 

 106,073 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Palm Bay 

 FL 

 None 

 230,880 

 300,757 

 None 

 None 

 230,880 

 300,757 

 531,637 

 105,764 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Palm Harbor 

 FL 

 None 

 510,000 

 381,637 

 None 

 None 

 510,000 

 381,637 

 891,637 

 134,206 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Panama City 

 FL 

 None 

 210,000 

 431,637 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 431,637 

 641,637 

 151,790 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 168,000 

 312,727 

 None 

 None 

 168,000 

 312,727 

 480,727 

 108,931 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Port Charlotte 

 FL 

 None 

 170,000 

 311,637 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 311,637 

 481,637 

 109,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Port Charlotte 

 FL 

 None 

 200,000 

 356,637 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 356,637 

 556,637 

 125,415 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Port Orange 

 FL 

 None 

 609,438 

 512,199 

 None 

 None 

 609,438 

 512,199 

 1,121,637 

 180,121 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Punta Gorda 

 FL 

 None 

 400,000 

 511,637 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 511,637 

 911,637 

 179,923 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Riverview 

 FL 

 None 

 1,930,000 

 487,876 

 None 

 None 

 1,930,000 

 487,876 

 2,417,876 

 44 

 In-progress 

 08/13/12 

 300 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 None 

 600,000 

 341,637 

 None 

 None 

 600,000 

 341,637 

 941,637 

 120,140 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 300,000 

 301,637 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 301,637 

 601,637 

 106,073 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 380,000 

 361,637 

 None 

 None 

 380,000 

 361,637 

 741,637 

 127,173 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 320,000 

 591,637 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 591,637 

 911,637 

 208,056 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Webster 

 FL 

 None 

 640,000 

 1,071,637 

 None 

 None 

 640,000 

 1,071,637 

 1,711,637 

 376,856 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Winter Springs 

 FL 

 None 

 150,000 

 291,637 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 291,637 

 441,637 

 102,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 620,000 

 383,232 

 None 

 None 

 620,000 

 383,232 

 1,003,232 

 206,301 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 540,000 

 337,853 

 None 

 None 

 540,000 

 337,853 

 877,853 

 181,873 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 510,000 

 392,929 

 None 

 None 

 510,000 

 392,929 

 902,929 

 211,522 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 180,000 

 422,020 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 422,020 

 602,020 

 227,184 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 260,000 

 392,171 

 None 

 None 

 260,000 

 392,171 

 652,171 

 211,116 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 240,000 

 451,637 

 None 

 None 

 240,000 

 451,637 

 691,637 

 158,823 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Cahutta 

 GA 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,742 

 None 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,742 

 1,251,242 

 299,722 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Calhoun 

 GA 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 None 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 351,242 

 84,247 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Calhoun 

 GA 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 None 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 751,242 

 180,014 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cartersville 

 GA 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 None 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 751,242 

 180,014 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chatsworth 

 GA 

 None 

 140,000 

 261,242 

 None 

 47 

 140,000 

 261,289 

 401,289 

 96,254 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chatsworth 

 GA 

 None 

 140,000 

 261,242 

 None 

 47 

 140,000 

 261,289 

 401,289 

 96,254 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chatsworth 

 GA 

 None 

 140,000 

 261,242 

 None 

 47 

 140,000 

 261,289 

 401,289 

 96,254 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chickamauga 

 GA 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,742 

 None 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,742 

 520,473 

 124,764 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 171,500 

 319,742 

 None 

 None 

 171,500 

 319,742 

 491,242 

 117,765 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 87,500 

 163,742 

 None 

 None 

 87,500 

 163,742 

 251,242 

 60,305 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 485,650 

 903,162 

 None 

 None 

 485,650 

 903,162 

 1,388,812 

 332,659 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 146,000 

 272,385 

 None 

 None 

 146,000 

 272,385 

 418,385 

 100,322 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 420,000 

 781,242 

 None 

 None 

 420,000 

 781,242 

 1,201,242 

 287,751 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 210,000 

 391,242 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 391,242 

 601,242 

 144,101 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dalton 

 GA 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 None 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 951,242 

 227,897 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Decatur 

 GA 

 None 

 529,383 

 532,429 

 None 

 296 

 529,383 

 532,725 

 1,062,108 

 330,977 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Dunwoody 

 GA 

 None 

 545,462 

 724,254 

 None 

 296 

 545,462 

 724,550 

 1,270,012 

 450,220 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 F-19 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Flintstone 

 GA 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 None 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 451,242 

 108,189 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Lafayette 

 GA 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 None 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 351,242 

 84,247 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Lithonia 

 GA 

 None 

 386,784 

 776,436 

 None 

 None 

 386,784 

 776,436 

 1,163,220 

 482,627 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Mableton 

 GA 

 None 

 491,069 

 355,957 

 None 

 None 

 491,069 

 355,957 

 847,026 

 221,239 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Martinez 

 GA 

 None 

 450,000 

 402,777 

 None 

 None 

 450,000 

 402,777 

 852,777 

 216,824 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Martinez 

 GA 

 None 

 830,000 

 871,637 

 None 

 None 

 830,000 

 871,637 

 1,701,637 

 306,523 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 384,162 

 651,273 

 None 

 None 

 384,162 

 651,273 

 1,035,435 

 404,815 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Ringgold 

 GA 

 None 

 234,500 

 1,168,914 

 None 

 None 

 234,500 

 1,168,914 

 1,403,414 

 379,320 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ringgold 

 GA 

 None 

 385,000 

 716,242 

 (21,175) 

 None 

 363,825 

 716,242 

 1,080,067 

 263,809 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ringgold 

 GA 

 None 

 482,251 

 896,851 

 None 

 None 

 482,251 

 896,851 

 1,379,102 

 330,334 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rocky Face 

 GA 

 None 

 164,231 

 306,241 

 None 

 None 

 164,231 

 306,241 

 470,472 

 112,793 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 210,000 

 391,242 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 391,242 

 601,242 

 144,101 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 199,199 

 371,183 

 None 

 None 

 199,199 

 371,183 

 570,382 

 136,713 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 201,791 

 375,997 

 (22,030) 

 None 

 179,761 

 375,997 

 555,758 

 138,486 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,242 

 None 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,242 

 901,242 

 215,926 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Rossville 

 GA 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 None 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 451,242 

 108,189 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Summerville 

 GA 

 None 

 66,231 

 124,242 

 None 

 None 

 66,231 

 124,242 

 190,473 

 45,756 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Trenton 

 GA 

 None 

 129,231 

 241,242 

 None 

 None 

 129,231 

 241,242 

 370,473 

 88,851 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Belvidere 

 IL 

 None 

 768,748 

 1,426,176 

 1,500 

 None 

 768,748 

 1,427,676 

 2,196,424 

 173,968 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Dekalb 

 IL 

 None 

 661,500 

 1,226,500 

 2,000 

 None 

 661,500 

 1,228,500 

 1,890,000 

 149,824 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Godfrey 

 IL 

 None 

 374,586 

 733,190 

 None 

 314 

 374,586 

 733,504 

 1,108,090 

 455,948 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Granite City 

 IL 

 None 

 362,287 

 737,255 

 None 

 314 

 362,287 

 737,569 

 1,099,856 

 458,476 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Harford 

 IL 

 None 

 599,172 

 1,110,747 

 2,000 

 None 

 599,172 

 1,112,747 

 1,711,919 

 135,741 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Loves Park 

 IL 

 None 

 547,582 

 1,016,523 

 1,500 

 None 

 547,582 

 1,018,023 

 1,565,605 

 205,747 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Loves Park 

 IL 

 None 

 760,725 

 1,410,775 

 2,000 

 None 

 760,725 

 1,412,775 

 2,173,500 

 172,244 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Machesney Park 

 IL 

 None 

 562,275 

 1,043,225 

 1,000 

 None 

 562,275 

 1,044,225 

 1,606,500 

 127,226 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Madison 

 IL 

 None 

 173,812 

 625,030 

 None 

 314 

 173,812 

 625,344 

 799,156 

 388,728 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Marengo 

 IL 

 None 

 501,948 

 930,688 

 1,500 

 None 

 501,948 

 932,188 

 1,434,136 

 113,684 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Rochelle 

 IL 

 None 

 607,418 

 1,128,145 

 1,000 

 None 

 607,418 

 1,129,145 

 1,736,563 

 228,008 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Rockford 

 IL 

 None 

 463,050 

 858,450 

 1,500 

 None 

 463,050 

 859,950 

 1,323,000 

 104,895 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Rockford 

 IL 

 None 

 388,631 

 720,244 

 1,500 

 None 

 388,631 

 721,744 

 1,110,375 

 88,080 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Tuscola 

 IL 

 None 

 752,456 

 1,394,419 

 3,000 

 None 

 752,456 

 1,397,419 

 2,149,875 

 170,554 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Albany 

 IN 

 None 

 427,437 

 794,632 

 2,000 

 None 

 427,437 

 796,632 

 1,224,069 

 179,906 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 IN 

 None 

 139,219 

 259,369 

 None 

 None 

 139,219 

 259,369 

 398,588 

 58,355 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 147,263 

 274,307 

 None 

 None 

 147,263 

 274,307 

 421,570 

 61,716 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 283,430 

 527,190 

 2,000 

 None 

 283,430 

 529,190 

 812,620 

 119,731 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Elkhart 

 IN 

 None 

 495,914 

 922,471 

 1,500 

 None 

 495,914 

 923,971 

 1,419,885 

 208,390 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Frankfort 

 IN 

 None 

 208,666 

 388,345 

 2,000 

 None 

 208,666 

 390,345 

 599,011 

 88,491 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Greenwood 

 IN 

 None 

 173,250 

 323,022 

 None 

 None 

 173,250 

 323,022 

 496,272 

 72,677 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Hartford City 

 IN 

 None 

 250,310 

 465,702 

 2,000 

 None 

 250,310 

 467,702 

 718,012 

 105,896 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 129,938 

 242,134 

 None 

 None 

 129,938 

 242,134 

 372,072 

 54,477 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 269,294 

 500,939 

 1,500 

 None 

 269,294 

 502,439 

 771,733 

 113,546 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 318,432 

 592,193 

 1,500 

 None 

 318,432 

 593,693 

 912,125 

 134,078 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Knox 

 IN 

 None 

 341,250 

 633,499 

 1,500 

 None 

 341,250 

 634,999 

 976,249 

 132,766 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Lafayette 

 IN 

 None 

 147,263 

 274,309 

 None 

 None 

 147,263 

 274,309 

 421,572 

 61,716 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Lafayette 

 IN 

 None 

 112,613 

 209,959 

 None 

 None 

 112,613 

 209,959 

 322,572 

 47,237 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Marion 

 IN 

 None 

 209,196 

 389,995 

 1,500 

 None 

 209,196 

 391,495 

 600,691 

 88,583 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 F-20 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Michigan City 

 IN 

 None 

 227,500 

 422,249 

 1,500 

 None 

 227,500 

 423,749 

 651,249 

 88,756 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mishawaka 

 IN 

 None 

 123,983 

 231,743 

 2,000 

 None 

 123,983 

 233,743 

 357,726 

 53,255 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Morristown 

 IN 

 None 

 366,590 

 682,082 

 2,000 

 None 

 366,590 

 684,082 

 1,050,672 

 154,582 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 103,950 

 193,870 

 None 

 None 

 103,950 

 193,870 

 297,820 

 43,617 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 184,237 

 342,974 

 2,000 

 None 

 184,237 

 344,974 

 529,211 

 78,282 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 New Albany 

 IN 

 None 

 181,459 

 289,353 

 None 

 211 

 181,459 

 289,564 

 471,023 

 206,103 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 New Albany 

 IN 

 None 

 262,465 

 331,796 

 None 

 211 

 262,465 

 332,007 

 594,472 

 236,308 

 03/06/95 

 300 

 New Castle 

 IN 

 None 

 138,600 

 258,672 

 None 

 None 

 138,600 

 258,672 

 397,272 

 58,198 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 New Castle 

 IN 

 None 

 79,854 

 149,572 

 1,000 

 None 

 79,854 

 150,572 

 230,426 

 34,209 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 New Castle 

 IN 

 None 

 203,941 

 380,019 

 1,500 

 None 

 203,941 

 381,519 

 585,460 

 86,338 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Richmond 

 IN 

 None 

 281,248 

 523,589 

 1,500 

 None 

 281,248 

 525,089 

 806,337 

 118,642 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Richmond 

 IN 

 None 

 255,908 

 476,528 

 2,000 

 None 

 255,908 

 478,528 

 734,436 

 108,332 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Rushville 

 IN 

 None 

 138,600 

 258,672 

 None 

 None 

 138,600 

 258,672 

 397,272 

 58,198 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Rushville 

 IN 

 None 

 121,275 

 226,497 

 None 

 None 

 121,275 

 226,497 

 347,772 

 50,958 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 South Bend 

 IN 

 None 

 372,387 

 693,064 

 2,000 

 None 

 372,387 

 695,064 

 1,067,451 

 157,053 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Wabash 

 IN 

 None 

 430,437 

 800,871 

 2,000 

 None 

 430,437 

 802,871 

 1,233,308 

 181,309 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Wabash 

 IN 

 None 

 334,923 

 623,488 

 1,500 

 None 

 334,923 

 624,988 

 959,911 

 141,119 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Warsaw 

 IN 

 None 

 415,275 

 772,713 

 1,500 

 None 

 415,275 

 774,213 

 1,189,488 

 174,695 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 West Lafayette 

 IN 

 None 

 1,052,628 

 1,340,855 

 2,000 

 None 

 1,052,628 

 1,342,855 

 2,395,483 

 302,582 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Zionsville 

 IN 

 None 

 910,595 

 1,691,926 

 2,000 

 None 

 910,595 

 1,693,926 

 2,604,521 

 381,797 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Berea 

 KY 

 None 

 252,077 

 360,815 

 None 

 197 

 252,077 

 361,012 

 613,089 

 256,932 

 03/08/95 

 300 

 Elizabethtown 

 KY 

 None 

 286,106 

 286,106 

 None 

 364 

 286,106 

 286,470 

 572,576 

 203,827 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Lebanon 

 KY 

 None 

 158,052 

 316,105 

 None 

 350 

 158,052 

 316,455 

 474,507 

 225,149 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 198,926 

 368,014 

 None 

 211 

 198,926 

 368,225 

 567,151 

 262,083 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 216,849 

 605,697 

 None 

 187 

 216,849 

 605,884 

 822,733 

 400,740 

 06/18/96 

 11/17/95 

 300 

 Mt. Washington 

 KY 

 None 

 327,245 

 479,593 

 None 

 None 

 327,245 

 479,593 

 806,838 

 309,369 

 12/06/96 

 05/31/96 

 300 

 Owensboro 

 KY 

 None 

 360,000 

 590,000 

 None 

 None 

 360,000 

 590,000 

 950,000 

 410,050 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 LA 

 None 

 170,000 

 371,637 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 371,637 

 541,637 

 130,690 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 None 

 500,000 

 521,637 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 521,637 

 1,021,637 

 183,440 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 None 

 210,000 

 361,637 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 361,637 

 571,637 

 127,173 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Bossier City 

 LA 

 None 

 230,000 

 431,637 

 None 

 None 

 230,000 

 431,637 

 661,637 

 151,790 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Destrehan 

 LA 

 None 

 200,000 

 411,637 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 411,637 

 611,637 

 144,756 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Lafayette 

 LA 

 None 

 240,000 

 391,637 

 None 

 None 

 240,000 

 391,637 

 631,637 

 137,723 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,227 

 None 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,227 

 550,727 

 124,780 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Amherst 

 MA 

 None 

 110,969 

 639,806 

 None 

 None 

 110,969 

 639,806 

 750,775 

 239,927 

 08/18/03 

 300 

 North Reading 

 MA 

 None 

 574,601 

 756,174 

 None 

 None 

 574,601 

 756,174 

 1,330,775 

 283,565 

 08/18/03 

 300 

 Seekonk 

 MA 

 None 

 298,354 

 268,518 

 None 

 None 

 298,354 

 268,518 

 566,872 

 191,095 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Berlin 

 MD 

 None 

 255,951 

 387,395 

 None 

 None 

 255,951 

 387,395 

 643,346 

 151,722 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Crisfield 

 MD 

 None 

 219,704 

 333,024 

 None 

 None 

 219,704 

 333,024 

 552,728 

 130,427 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Hebron 

 MD 

 None 

 376,251 

 567,844 

 None 

 None 

 376,251 

 567,844 

 944,095 

 222,398 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 La Plata 

 MD 

 None 

 1,017,544 

 2,706,729 

 None 

 None 

 1,017,544 

 2,706,729 

 3,724,273 

 1,123,045 

 08/06/02 

 300 

 Mechanicsville 

 MD 

 None 

 1,540,335 

 2,860,928 

 None 

 None 

 1,540,335 

 2,860,928 

 4,401,263 

 1,206,298 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Millersville 

 MD 

 None 

 830,737 

 2,696,245 

 None 

 None 

 830,737 

 2,696,245 

 3,526,982 

 1,136,963 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Breckenridge 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 811,968 

 1,500 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,468 

 1,250,968 

 169,947 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Carson City 

 MI 

 None 

 262,500 

 486,468 

 2,000 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,468 

 750,968 

 102,397 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Charlevoix 

 MI 

 None 

 385,000 

 713,013 

 2,500 

 None 

 385,000 

 715,513 

 1,100,513 

 149,857 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Cheboygan 

 MI 

 None 

 280,000 

 518,013 

 2,500 

 None 

 280,000 

 520,513 

 800,513 

 109,232 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Clare 

 MI 

 None 

 306,250 

 567,718 

 2,000 

 None 

 306,250 

 569,718 

 875,968 

 119,325 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 F-21 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Clare 

 MI 

 None 

 229,250 

 426,218 

 500 

 None 

 229,250 

 426,718 

 655,968 

 89,058 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Comstock 

 MI 

 None 

 315,000 

 583,761 

 2,500 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,261 

 901,261 

 122,929 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Farwell 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 811,468 

 2,000 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,468 

 1,250,968 

 170,106 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Flint 

 MI 

 None 

 194,492 

 476,504 

 None 

 348 

 194,492 

 476,852 

 671,344 

 325,031 

 12/21/95 

 300 

 Gladwin 

 MI 

 None 

 140,000 

 259,013 

 1,500 

 None 

 140,000 

 260,513 

 400,513 

 54,749 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Grand Rapids 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 812,261 

 1,500 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,761 

 1,251,261 

 170,008 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 None 

 238,000 

 442,249 

 1,000 

 None 

 238,000 

 443,249 

 681,249 

 92,660 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Kalkaska 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 809,513 

 3,500 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,013 

 1,250,513 

 170,486 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Lake City 

 MI 

 None 

 115,500 

 213,513 

 1,500 

 None 

 115,500 

 215,013 

 330,513 

 45,269 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Lakeview 

 MI 

 None 

 96,250 

 177,718 

 2,000 

 None 

 96,250 

 179,718 

 275,968 

 38,075 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mackinaw City 

 MI 

 None 

 455,000 

 844,513 

 1,000 

 None 

 455,000 

 845,513 

 1,300,513 

 176,465 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mecosta 

 MI 

 None 

 122,500 

 227,468 

 1,000 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,468 

 350,968 

 47,914 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Midland 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 811,013 

 2,000 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,013 

 1,250,513 

 170,011 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 162,750 

 300,794 

 2,500 

 None 

 162,750 

 303,294 

 466,044 

 63,977 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 463,750 

 860,718 

 1,500 

 None 

 463,750 

 862,218 

 1,325,968 

 180,104 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 210,000 

 388,968 

 2,000 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,968 

 600,968 

 82,085 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 437,500 

 810,968 

 2,500 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,468 

 1,250,968 

 170,264 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 350,000 

 649,468 

 1,500 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,968 

 1,000,968 

 136,093 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Mount Pleasant 

 MI 

 None 

 175,000 

 324,468 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,968 

 500,968 

 68,385 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Petoskey 

 MI 

 None 

 490,000 

 909,513 

 1,000 

 None 

 490,000 

 910,513 

 1,400,513 

 190,007 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Prudenville 

 MI 

 None 

 133,000 

 245,013 

 2,500 

 None 

 133,000 

 247,513 

 380,513 

 52,357 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Saginaw 

 MI 

 None 

 262,500 

 486,513 

 1,500 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,013 

 750,513 

 102,144 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Standish 

 MI 

 None 

 92,750 

 171,263 

 1,500 

 None 

 92,750 

 172,763 

 265,513 

 36,467 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Traverse City 

 MI 

 None 

 210,000 

 389,002 

 2,000 

 None 

 210,000 

 391,002 

 601,002 

 82,092 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Walker 

 MI 

 None 

 586,250 

 1,088,499 

 1,500 

 None 

 586,250 

 1,089,999 

 1,676,249 

 227,558 

 10/09/07 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 MN 

 None 

 132,924 

 244,858 

 2,000 

 None 

 132,924 

 246,858 

 379,782 

 20,413 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Andover 

 MN 

 None 

 888,706 

 1,648,454 

 2,000 

 None 

 888,706 

 1,650,454 

 2,539,160 

 135,040 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Apple Valley 

 MN 

 None 

 350,000 

 648,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 1,000,000 

 53,337 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Baxter 

 MN 

 None 

 350,000 

 648,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 1,000,000 

 53,337 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Blaine 

 MN 

 None 

 767,270 

 1,422,929 

 2,000 

 None 

 767,270 

 1,424,929 

 2,192,199 

 116,623 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Bloomington 

 MN 

 None 

 262,500 

 485,500 

 2,000 

 None 

 262,500 

 487,500 

 750,000 

 40,066 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Bloomington 

 MN 

 None 

 676,771 

 1,255,359 

 1,500 

 None 

 676,771 

 1,256,859 

 1,933,630 

 102,833 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brainerd 

 MN 

 None 

 490,000 

 907,000 

 3,000 

 None 

 490,000 

 910,000 

 1,400,000 

 74,697 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brooklyn Center 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,818,061 

 1,500 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,787 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brooklyn Center 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brooklyn Center 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brooklyn Park 

 MN 

 None 

 830,336 

 1,540,052 

 2,000 

 None 

 830,336 

 1,542,052 

 2,372,388 

 126,188 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brooklyn Park 

 MN 

 None 

 578,964 

 1,073,220 

 2,000 

 None 

 578,964 

 1,075,220 

 1,654,184 

 88,063 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Burnsville 

 MN 

 None 

 615,240 

 1,141,089 

 1,500 

 None 

 615,240 

 1,142,589 

 1,757,829 

 93,501 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Burnsville 

 MN 

 None 

 515,298 

 954,981 

 2,000 

 None 

 515,298 

 956,981 

 1,472,279 

 78,407 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Burnsville 

 MN 

 None 

 350,000 

 648,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 1,000,000 

 53,337 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Burnsville 

 MN 

 None 

 932,558 

 1,729,892 

 2,000 

 None 

 932,558 

 1,731,892 

 2,664,450 

 141,691 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Chaska 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Chaska 

 MN 

 None 

 490,000 

 908,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 490,000 

 910,000 

 1,400,000 

 74,570 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Columbia Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 673,068 

 1,248,483 

 1,500 

 None 

 673,068 

 1,249,983 

 1,923,051 

 102,272 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Coon Rapids 

 MN 

 None 

 490,000 

 908,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 490,000 

 910,000 

 1,400,000 

 74,570 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Cottage Grove 

 MN 

 None 

 805,888 

 1,494,650 

 2,000 

 None 

 805,888 

 1,496,650 

 2,302,538 

 122,480 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 F-22 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Crystal 

 MN 

 None 

 552,641 

 1,024,332 

 2,000 

 None 

 552,641 

 1,026,332 

 1,578,973 

 84,070 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Crystal 

 MN 

 None 

 740,518 

 1,373,248 

 2,000 

 None 

 740,518 

 1,375,248 

 2,115,766 

 112,565 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 None 

 906,287 

 1,680,604 

 2,500 

 None 

 906,287 

 1,683,104 

 2,589,391 

 137,770 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 None 

 699,277 

 1,296,658 

 2,000 

 None 

 699,277 

 1,298,658 

 1,997,935 

 106,310 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Eden Prairie 

 MN 

 None 

 947,702 

 1,758,519 

 1,500 

 None 

 947,702 

 1,760,019 

 2,707,721 

 143,925 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Eden Prairie 

 MN 

 None 

 485,526 

 899,690 

 2,000 

 None 

 485,526 

 901,690 

 1,387,216 

 73,891 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Edina 

 MN 

 None 

 568,893 

 1,054,516 

 2,000 

 None 

 568,893 

 1,056,516 

 1,625,409 

 86,535 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Elk River 

 MN 

 None 

 613,113 

 1,137,137 

 1,500 

 None 

 613,113 

 1,138,637 

 1,751,750 

 93,179 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Elk River 

 MN 

 None 

 456,850 

 846,435 

 2,000 

 None 

 456,850 

 848,435 

 1,305,285 

 69,542 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Excelsior 

 MN 

 None 

 262,500 

 485,500 

 2,000 

 None 

 262,500 

 487,500 

 750,000 

 40,066 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Falcon Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 494,415 

 916,199 

 2,000 

 None 

 494,415 

 918,199 

 1,412,614 

 75,240 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Farmington 

 MN 

 None 

 437,500 

 810,500 

 2,000 

 None 

 437,500 

 812,500 

 1,250,000 

 66,608 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Forest Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 398,985 

 739,473 

 1,500 

 None 

 398,985 

 740,973 

 1,139,958 

 60,703 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Fridley 

 MN 

 None 

 519,325 

 962,461 

 2,000 

 None 

 519,325 

 964,461 

 1,483,786 

 79,018 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Fridley 

 MN 

 None 

 706,295 

 1,309,691 

 2,000 

 None 

 706,295 

 1,311,691 

 2,017,986 

 107,375 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Fridley 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Golden Valley 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Ham Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Hastings 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Inver Grove Hghts 

 MN 

 None 

 134,705 

 248,666 

 1,500 

 None 

 134,705 

 250,166 

 384,871 

 20,620 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Inver Grove Hghts 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Lakeville 

 MN 

 None 

 631,855 

 1,171,446 

 2,000 

 None 

 631,855 

 1,173,446 

 1,805,301 

 96,085 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Lakeville 

 MN 

 None 

 654,912 

 1,214,266 

 2,000 

 None 

 654,912 

 1,216,266 

 1,871,178 

 99,582 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Litchfield 

 MN 

 None 

 388,788 

 720,536 

 1,500 

 None 

 388,788 

 722,036 

 1,110,824 

 59,156 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Little Falls 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Long Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 808,543 

 1,499,579 

 2,000 

 None 

 808,543 

 1,501,579 

 2,310,122 

 122,882 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Maplewood 

 MN 

 None 

 931,427 

 1,728,293 

 1,500 

 None 

 931,427 

 1,729,793 

 2,661,220 

 141,456 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Maplewood 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Mendota Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 827,026 

 1,533,906 

 2,000 

 None 

 827,026 

 1,535,906 

 2,362,932 

 125,686 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Mendota Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 717,808 

 1,331,072 

 2,000 

 None 

 717,808 

 1,333,072 

 2,050,880 

 109,121 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 967,640 

 1,795,045 

 2,000 

 None 

 967,640 

 1,797,045 

 2,764,685 

 147,012 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 856,122 

 1,587,941 

 2,000 

 None 

 856,122 

 1,589,941 

 2,446,063 

 130,099 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 938,237 

 1,740,440 

 2,000 

 None 

 938,237 

 1,742,440 

 2,680,677 

 142,553 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 365,977 

 678,171 

 1,500 

 None 

 365,977 

 679,671 

 1,045,648 

 55,696 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 738,535 

 1,370,064 

 1,500 

 None 

 738,535 

 1,371,564 

 2,110,099 

 112,201 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 811,510 

 1,505,590 

 1,500 

 None 

 811,510 

 1,507,090 

 2,318,600 

 123,269 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 539,242 

 999,450 

 2,000 

 None 

 539,242 

 1,001,450 

 1,540,692 

 82,038 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 577,070 

 1,069,702 

 2,000 

 None 

 577,070 

 1,071,702 

 1,648,772 

 87,776 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 350,000 

 648,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 1,000,000 

 53,273 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 None 

 759,822 

 1,409,597 

 1,500 

 None 

 759,822 

 1,411,097 

 2,170,919 

 115,430 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Monticello 

 MN 

 None 

 589,643 

 1,093,051 

 2,000 

 None 

 589,643 

 1,095,051 

 1,684,694 

 89,683 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Mounds View 

 MN 

 None 

 743,926 

 1,379,578 

 2,000 

 None 

 743,926 

 1,381,578 

 2,125,504 

 113,082 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 New Brighton 

 MN 

 None 

 585,039 

 1,085,002 

 1,500 

 None 

 585,039 

 1,086,502 

 1,671,541 

 88,921 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 F-23 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 New Hope 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Newport 

 MN 

 None 

 967,228 

 1,794,280 

 2,000 

 None 

 967,228 

 1,796,280 

 2,763,508 

 146,950 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Oak Park Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 635,158 

 1,177,579 

 2,000 

 None 

 635,158 

 1,179,579 

 1,814,737 

 96,586 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Pine City 

 MN 

 None 

 644,412 

 1,194,265 

 2,500 

 None 

 644,412 

 1,196,765 

 1,841,177 

 98,052 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Princeton 

 MN 

 None 

 546,257 

 1,012,476 

 2,000 

 None 

 546,257 

 1,014,476 

 1,560,733 

 83,102 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Ramsey 

 MN 

 None 

 650,205 

 1,205,523 

 2,000 

 None 

 650,205 

 1,207,523 

 1,857,728 

 98,868 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Richfield 

 MN 

 None 

 630,540 

 1,169,003 

 2,000 

 None 

 630,540 

 1,171,003 

 1,801,543 

 95,885 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Richfield 

 MN 

 None 

 678,216 

 1,257,543 

 2,000 

 None 

 678,216 

 1,259,543 

 1,937,759 

 103,116 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Richfield 

 MN 

 None 

 436,919 

 809,921 

 1,500 

 None 

 436,919 

 811,421 

 1,248,340 

 66,456 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Richfield 

 MN 

 None 

 839,497 

 1,557,065 

 2,000 

 None 

 839,497 

 1,559,065 

 2,398,562 

 127,577 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 None 

 585,831 

 1,085,971 

 2,000 

 None 

 585,831 

 1,087,971 

 1,673,802 

 89,104 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 None 

 262,500 

 485,500 

 2,000 

 None 

 262,500 

 487,500 

 750,000 

 40,066 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 None 

 66,848 

 122,146 

 2,000 

 None 

 66,848 

 124,146 

 190,994 

 10,392 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 None 

 594,385 

 1,101,857 

 2,000 

 None 

 594,385 

 1,103,857 

 1,698,242 

 90,402 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 None 

 110,113 

 202,995 

 1,500 

 None 

 110,113 

 204,495 

 314,608 

 16,890 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Rogers 

 MN 

 None 

 781,303 

 1,448,991 

 2,000 

 None 

 781,303 

 1,450,991 

 2,232,294 

 118,751 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 403,786 

 748,387 

 1,500 

 None 

 403,786 

 749,887 

 1,153,673 

 61,431 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Sauk Rapids 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Savage 

 MN 

 None 

 605,220 

 1,122,481 

 1,500 

 None 

 605,220 

 1,123,981 

 1,729,201 

 91,982 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Savage 

 MN 

 None 

 569,195 

 1,055,575 

 1,500 

 None 

 569,195 

 1,057,075 

 1,626,270 

 86,518 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Savage 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Shakopee 

 MN 

 None 

 522,391 

 966,156 

 4,000 

 None 

 522,391 

 970,156 

 1,492,547 

 79,736 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Shakopee 

 MN 

 None 

 477,517 

 883,817 

 3,000 

 None 

 477,517 

 886,817 

 1,364,334 

 72,803 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Shakopee 

 MN 

 None 

 688,324 

 1,276,317 

 2,000 

 None 

 688,324 

 1,278,317 

 1,966,641 

 104,649 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Shakopee 

 MN 

 None 

 783,764 

 1,454,062 

 1,500 

 None 

 783,764 

 1,455,562 

 2,239,326 

 119,061 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Cloud 

 MN 

 None 

 786,129 

 1,458,454 

 1,500 

 None 

 786,129 

 1,459,954 

 2,246,083 

 119,420 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Cloud 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 322,000 

 3,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,922 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Cloud 

 MN 

 None 

 677,052 

 1,255,383 

 2,000 

 None 

 677,052 

 1,257,383 

 1,934,435 

 102,940 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Louis Park 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Michael 

 MN 

 None 

 561,604 

 1,040,480 

 2,500 

 None 

 561,604 

 1,042,980 

 1,604,584 

 85,493 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 808,755 

 1,500,473 

 1,500 

 None 

 808,755 

 1,501,973 

 2,310,728 

 122,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 418,774 

 776,223 

 1,500 

 None 

 418,774 

 777,723 

 1,196,497 

 63,704 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 832,144 

 1,543,409 

 2,000 

 None 

 832,144 

 1,545,409 

 2,377,553 

 126,462 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,818,061 

 1,500 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,787 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 576,820 

 1,069,736 

 1,500 

 None 

 576,820 

 1,071,236 

 1,648,056 

 87,674 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 531,091 

 984,311 

 2,000 

 None 

 531,091 

 986,311 

 1,517,402 

 80,802 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 592,617 

 1,099,075 

 1,500 

 None 

 592,617 

 1,100,575 

 1,693,192 

 90,070 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 739,277 

 1,371,444 

 1,500 

 None 

 739,277 

 1,372,944 

 2,112,221 

 112,314 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 788,752 

 1,463,324 

 1,500 

 None 

 788,752 

 1,464,824 

 2,253,576 

 119,817 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 950,678 

 1,764,046 

 1,500 

 None 

 950,678 

 1,765,546 

 2,716,224 

 144,376 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 262,500 

 486,000 

 1,500 

 None 

 262,500 

 487,500 

 750,000 

 40,003 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 F-24 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 541,547 

 1,004,231 

 1,500 

 None 

 541,547 

 1,005,731 

 1,547,278 

 82,325 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 827,608 

 1,535,987 

 1,000 

 None 

 827,608 

 1,536,987 

 2,364,595 

 125,647 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 789,790 

 1,464,752 

 2,000 

 None 

 789,790 

 1,466,752 

 2,256,542 

 120,038 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul Park 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,818,061 

 1,500 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,787 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 St. Paul Park 

 MN 

 None 

 1,925,000 

 3,575,000 

 None 

 None 

 1,925,000 

 3,575,000 

 5,500,000 

 291,958 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Vadnais Heights 

 MN 

 None 

 931,400 

 1,727,742 

 2,000 

 None 

 931,400 

 1,729,742 

 2,661,142 

 141,516 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 West St. Paul 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,818,061 

 1,500 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,787 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 White Bear Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 943,945 

 1,751,040 

 2,000 

 None 

 943,945 

 1,753,040 

 2,696,985 

 143,418 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 White Bear Lake 

 MN 

 None 

 860,523 

 1,596,113 

 2,000 

 None 

 860,523 

 1,598,113 

 2,458,636 

 130,766 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Willmar 

 MN 

 None 

 919,366 

 1,705,395 

 2,000 

 None 

 919,366 

 1,707,395 

 2,626,761 

 139,691 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Woodbury 

 MN 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,786,000 

 1,500 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,787,500 

 2,750,000 

 146,169 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Zimmerman 

 MN 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,817,561 

 2,000 

 None 

 979,764 

 1,819,561 

 2,799,325 

 148,851 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Brandon 

 MS 

 None 

 671,486 

 1,247,588 

 None 

 None 

 671,486 

 1,247,588 

 1,919,074 

 376,356 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Flowood 

 MS 

 None 

 437,926 

 813,832 

 None 

 None 

 437,926 

 813,832 

 1,251,758 

 245,507 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Flowood 

 MS 

 None 

 399,972 

 743,347 

 None 

 None 

 399,972 

 743,347 

 1,143,319 

 224,244 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 329,904 

 613,221 

 None 

 None 

 329,904 

 613,221 

 943,125 

 184,989 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 540,108 

 1,003,600 

 None 

 None 

 540,108 

 1,003,600 

 1,543,708 

 302,753 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Marion 

 MS 

 None 

 350,341 

 651,013 

 None 

 None 

 350,341 

 651,013 

 1,001,354 

 196,389 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 437,926 

 813,671 

 None 

 None 

 437,926 

 813,671 

 1,251,597 

 245,458 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 405,811 

 754,030 

 None 

 None 

 405,811 

 754,030 

 1,159,841 

 227,466 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 145,975 

 271,478 

 None 

 None 

 145,975 

 271,478 

 417,453 

 81,896 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 280,273 

 520,887 

 None 

 None 

 280,273 

 520,887 

 801,160 

 157,135 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 321,146 

 596,794 

 None 

 None 

 321,146 

 596,794 

 917,940 

 178,044 

 07/19/05 

 300 

 Newton 

 MS 

 None 

 467,121 

 867,891 

 None 

 None 

 467,121 

 867,891 

 1,335,012 

 261,814 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Pearl 

 MS 

 None 

 544,488 

 1,011,733 

 None 

 None 

 544,488 

 1,011,733 

 1,556,221 

 305,207 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 MS 

 None 

 472,960 

 878,735 

 None 

 None 

 472,960 

 878,735 

 1,351,695 

 265,085 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Southaven 

 MS 

 None 

 310,000 

 641,637 

 None 

 None 

 310,000 

 641,637 

 951,637 

 225,640 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Terry 

 MS 

 None 

 583,901 

 1,084,930 

 None 

 None 

 583,901 

 1,084,930 

 1,668,831 

 327,288 

 06/30/05 

 300 

 Waveland 

 MS 

 None 

 180,000 

 331,637 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 331,637 

 511,637 

 116,623 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Aberdeen 

 NC 

 None 

 600,000 

 300,625 

 None 

 None 

 600,000 

 300,625 

 900,625 

 143,776 

 01/25/01 

 300 

 Archdale 

 NC 

 None 

 410,000 

 731,637 

 None 

 None 

 410,000 

 731,637 

 1,141,637 

 257,290 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Banner Elk 

 NC 

 None 

 386,993 

 718,861 

 2,000 

 None 

 386,993 

 720,861 

 1,107,854 

 138,731 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Banner Elk 

 NC 

 None 

 355,330 

 660,558 

 1,500 

 None 

 355,330 

 662,058 

 1,017,388 

 127,318 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Burgaw 

 NC 

 None 

 198,774 

 369,653 

 1,000 

 None 

 198,774 

 370,653 

 569,427 

 71,324 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Burgaw 

 NC 

 None 

 457,356 

 849,377 

 1,500 

 None 

 457,356 

 850,877 

 1,308,233 

 163,509 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Carolina Beach 

 NC 

 None 

 457,356 

 848,929 

 2,000 

 None 

 457,356 

 850,929 

 1,308,285 

 163,660 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Cary 

 NC 

 None 

 255,064 

 473,349 

 2,500 

 None 

 255,064 

 475,849 

 730,913 

 91,912 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 300,000 

 291,637 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 291,637 

 591,637 

 102,556 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 640,000 

 581,637 

 None 

 None 

 640,000 

 581,637 

 1,221,637 

 204,540 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 720,000 

 851,637 

 None 

 None 

 720,000 

 851,637 

 1,571,637 

 299,490 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Goldsboro 

 NC 

 None 

 460,000 

 740,625 

 None 

 None 

 460,000 

 740,625 

 1,200,625 

 354,242 

 01/25/01 

 300 

 Greensboro 

 NC 

 None 

 700,000 

 655,000 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 655,000 

 1,355,000 

 346,058 

 10/27/99 

 300 

 Greenville 

 NC 

 None 

 330,000 

 515,000 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 515,000 

 845,000 

 357,925 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Hampstead 

 NC 

 None 

 562,900 

 1,045,971 

 1,000 

 None 

 562,900 

 1,046,971 

 1,609,871 

 200,952 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Holly Ridge 

 NC 

 None 

 721,215 

 1,339,486 

 1,500 

 None 

 721,215 

 1,340,986 

 2,062,201 

 257,446 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Hubert 

 NC 

 None 

 404,584 

 750,372 

 2,500 

 None 

 404,584 

 752,872 

 1,157,456 

 145,008 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 NC 

 None 

 150,000 

 530,000 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 530,000 

 680,000 

 368,350 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 F-25 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Jacksonville 

 NC 

 None 

 180,000 

 371,637 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 371,637 

 551,637 

 130,690 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 NC 

 None 

 140,000 

 260,727 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 260,727 

 400,727 

 90,817 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 NC 

 None 

 351,812 

 653,367 

 1,500 

 None 

 351,812 

 654,867 

 1,006,679 

 125,940 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Kinston 

 NC 

 None 

 550,000 

 1,057,833 

 None 

 153 

 550,000 

 1,057,986 

 1,607,986 

 643,499 

 10/24/97 

 300 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 None 

 740,000 

 791,637 

 None 

 None 

 740,000 

 791,637 

 1,531,637 

 278,390 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Richlands 

 NC 

 None 

 492,537 

 914,735 

 1,500 

 None 

 492,537 

 916,235 

 1,408,772 

 176,035 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Richlands 

 NC 

 None 

 376,439 

 698,103 

 2,500 

 None 

 376,439 

 700,603 

 1,077,042 

 134,989 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Riegelwood 

 NC 

 None 

 0 

 452,416 

 1,500 

 None 

 0 

 453,916 

 453,916 

 92,631 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Rose Hill 

 NC 

 None 

 198,774 

 369,153 

 1,500 

 None 

 198,774 

 370,653 

 569,427 

 71,466 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Roxboro 

 NC 

 None 

 243,112 

 368,107 

 None 

 None 

 243,112 

 368,107 

 611,219 

 144,168 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Shallotte 

 NC 

 None 

 492,537 

 914,766 

 1,500 

 None 

 492,537 

 916,266 

 1,408,803 

 176,041 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wallace 

 NC 

 None 

 0 

 175,408 

 2,000 

 None 

 0 

 177,408 

 177,408 

 46,987 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Whitelake 

 NC 

 None 

 351,812 

 653,367 

 1,500 

 None 

 351,812 

 654,867 

 1,006,679 

 125,940 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 228,678 

 424,774 

 1,500 

 None 

 228,678 

 426,274 

 654,952 

 82,126 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 527,718 

 979,145 

 2,500 

 None 

 527,718 

 981,645 

 1,509,363 

 188,856 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 351,812 

 653,930 

 1,000 

 None 

 351,812 

 654,930 

 1,006,742 

 125,810 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 474,946 

 881,640 

 2,000 

 None 

 474,946 

 883,640 

 1,358,586 

 169,930 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 0 

 351,366 

 2,000 

 None 

 0 

 353,366 

 353,366 

 119,758 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 364,126 

 676,287 

 1,500 

 None 

 364,126 

 677,787 

 1,041,913 

 130,333 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 439,765 

 817,271 

 1,000 

 None 

 439,765 

 818,271 

 1,258,036 

 157,117 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 0 

 804,196 

 1,500 

 None 

 0 

 805,696 

 805,696 

 154,849 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 334,222 

 621,320 

 1,000 

 None 

 334,222 

 622,320 

 956,542 

 119,560 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 386,993 

 718,788 

 1,500 

 None 

 386,993 

 720,288 

 1,107,281 

 138,479 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 439,765 

 815,793 

 2,500 

 None 

 439,765 

 818,293 

 1,258,058 

 157,547 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 527,718 

 979,102 

 2,500 

 None 

 527,718 

 981,602 

 1,509,320 

 188,848 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 334,222 

 620,284 

 2,000 

 None 

 334,222 

 622,284 

 956,506 

 119,837 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 None 

 334,222 

 620,751 

 1,500 

 None 

 334,222 

 622,251 

 956,473 

 119,689 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Winston-Salem 

 NC 

 None 

 320,000 

 311,637 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 311,637 

 631,637 

 109,590 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Zebulon 

 NC 

 None 

 306,077 

 568,087 

 2,500 

 None 

 306,077 

 570,587 

 876,664 

 110,070 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Farmingdale 

 NJ 

 None 

 1,459,957 

 2,712,264 

 None 

 None 

 1,459,957 

 2,712,264 

 4,172,221 

 1,125,550 

 08/06/02 

 300 

 Galloway 

 NJ 

 None 

 1,367,872 

 2,540,604 

 None 

 None 

 1,367,872 

 2,540,604 

 3,908,476 

 1,071,245 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Hamilton 

 NJ 

 None 

 1,539,117 

 2,858,630 

 None 

 None 

 1,539,117 

 2,858,630 

 4,397,747 

 1,206,283 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Millville 

 NJ 

 None 

 953,891 

 1,771,782 

 None 

 None 

 953,891 

 1,771,782 

 2,725,673 

 747,092 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Toms River 

 NJ 

 None 

 1,265,861 

 2,351,154 

 None 

 None 

 1,265,861 

 2,351,154 

 3,617,015 

 991,757 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Toms River 

 NJ 

 None 

 982,526 

 1,824,961 

 None 

 None 

 982,526 

 1,824,961 

 2,807,487 

 769,173 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 200,000 

 271,637 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 271,637 

 471,637 

 95,523 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Kingston 

 NY 

 None 

 257,763 

 456,042 

 None 

 None 

 257,763 

 456,042 

 713,805 

 323,030 

 04/06/95 

 300 

 Alliance 

 OH 

 None 

 454,440 

 841,460 

 2,500 

 None 

 454,440 

 843,960 

 1,298,400 

 86,173 

 06/22/10 

 300 

 Atwater 

 OH 

 None 

 118,555 

 266,748 

 None 

 209 

 118,555 

 266,957 

 385,512 

 189,981 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Bellefontaine 

 OH 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,039,610 

 2,500 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,042,110 

 1,602,110 

 203,922 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Bellefontaine 

 OH 

 None 

 455,000 

 845,610 

 1,500 

 None 

 455,000 

 847,110 

 1,302,110 

 165,608 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 147,296 

 304,411 

 None 

 122 

 147,296 

 304,533 

 451,829 

 216,740 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 273,085 

 471,693 

 13,088 

 None 

 273,085 

 484,781 

 757,866 

 322,573 

 12/21/95 

 300 

 Cuyahoga Falls 

 OH 

 None 

 321,792 

 1,144,619 

 None 

 None 

 321,792 

 1,144,619 

 1,466,411 

 440,796 

 03/03/95 

 300 

 De Graff 

 OH 

 None 

 302,750 

 561,860 

 2,500 

 None 

 302,750 

 564,360 

 867,110 

 110,760 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Eaton 

 OH 

 None 

 164,588 

 306,934 

 None 

 None 

 164,588 

 306,934 

 471,522 

 69,057 

 05/25/07 

 300 

 Galion 

 OH 

 None 

 138,981 

 327,597 

 None 

 209 

 138,981 

 327,806 

 466,787 

 233,285 

 03/06/95 

 300 

 Groveport 

 OH 

 None 

 277,198 

 445,497 

 16,091 

 116 

 277,198 

 461,704 

 738,902 

 306,234 

 12/21/95 

 300 

 F-26 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Jackson Center 

 OH 

 None 

 367,500 

 682,110 

 2,500 

 None 

 367,500 

 684,610 

 1,052,110 

 134,209 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Kenton 

 OH 

 None 

 140,000 

 261,462 

 1,000 

 None 

 140,000 

 262,462 

 402,462 

 46,179 

 08/29/08 

 300 

 Marysville 

 OH 

 None 

 507,500 

 943,110 

 1,500 

 None 

 507,500 

 944,610 

 1,452,110 

 184,621 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Marysville 

 OH 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,300,610 

 1,500 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,302,110 

 2,002,110 

 254,333 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Marysville 

 OH 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,610 

 1,500 

 None 

 350,000 

 652,110 

 1,002,110 

 127,583 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Perrysburg 

 OH 

 None 

 211,678 

 390,680 

 None 

 134 

 211,678 

 390,814 

 602,492 

 251,105 

 01/10/96 

 09/01/95 

 300 

 Russells Point 

 OH 

 None 

 546,000 

 1,013,610 

 2,500 

 None 

 546,000 

 1,016,110 

 1,562,110 

 198,852 

 02/29/08 

 300 

 Streetsboro 

 OH 

 None 

 402,988 

 533,349 

 None 

 114 

 402,988 

 533,463 

 936,451 

 314,714 

 01/27/97 

 09/03/96 

 300 

 Tiffin 

 OH 

 None 

 117,017 

 273,040 

 None 

 209 

 117,017 

 273,249 

 390,266 

 194,458 

 03/07/95 

 300 

 Tipp City 

 OH 

 None 

 355,009 

 588,111 

 None 

 85 

 355,009 

 588,196 

 943,205 

 351,898 

 01/31/97 

 06/27/96 

 300 

 Wadsworth 

 OH 

 None 

 266,507 

 496,917 

 None 

 116 

 266,507 

 497,033 

 763,540 

 304,169 

 11/26/96 

 07/01/96 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 126,545 

 508,266 

 None 

 173 

 126,545 

 508,439 

 634,984 

 316,077 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Aliquippa 

 PA 

 None 

 226,195 

 452,631 

 None 

 None 

 226,195 

 452,631 

 678,826 

 162,191 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Beaver 

 PA 

 None 

 95,626 

 223,368 

 None 

 None 

 95,626 

 223,368 

 318,994 

 80,038 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Beaver Falls 

 PA 

 None 

 92,207 

 230,758 

 None 

 None 

 92,207 

 230,758 

 322,965 

 82,686 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Cornwells Heights 

 PA 

 None 

 569,763 

 387,611 

 None 

 None 

 569,763 

 387,611 

 957,374 

 149,224 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Doylestown 

 PA 

 None 

 800,134 

 1,226,452 

 None 

 None 

 800,134 

 1,226,452 

 2,026,586 

 472,179 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 East Caln 

 PA 

 None 

 1,722,222 

 576 

 None 

 None 

 1,722,222 

 576 

 1,722,798 

 226 

 02/25/03 

 300 

 Lansdale 

 PA 

 None 

 1,356,324 

 385,761 

 None 

 None 

 1,356,324 

 385,761 

 1,742,085 

 148,512 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Penndel 

 PA 

 None 

 739,487 

 1,003,809 

 None 

 None 

 739,487 

 1,003,809 

 1,743,296 

 386,461 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Perryopolis 

 PA 

 None 

 148,953 

 134,299 

 None 

 None 

 148,953 

 134,299 

 283,252 

 48,122 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 808,681 

 256,843 

 None 

 None 

 808,681 

 256,843 

 1,065,524 

 98,879 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 425,928 

 167,147 

 None 

 None 

 425,928 

 167,147 

 593,075 

 64,346 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 390,342 

 226,919 

 None 

 None 

 390,342 

 226,919 

 617,261 

 87,358 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 541,792 

 236,049 

 None 

 None 

 541,792 

 236,049 

 777,841 

 90,873 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 530,018 

 214,977 

 None 

 None 

 530,018 

 214,977 

 744,995 

 82,761 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 614,101 

 277,277 

 None 

 None 

 614,101 

 277,277 

 891,378 

 106,746 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 1,011,389 

 491,302 

 None 

 None 

 1,011,389 

 491,302 

 1,502,691 

 189,146 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 935,672 

 448,426 

 None 

 None 

 935,672 

 448,426 

 1,384,098 

 172,639 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 689,172 

 426,596 

 None 

 None 

 689,172 

 426,596 

 1,115,768 

 164,234 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 349,294 

 134,485 

 None 

 None 

 349,294 

 134,485 

 483,779 

 51,771 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 557,515 

 244,121 

 None 

 None 

 557,515 

 244,121 

 801,636 

 90,732 

 09/16/03 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 497,668 

 320,170 

 None 

 None 

 497,668 

 320,170 

 817,838 

 114,726 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 296,277 

 287,540 

 None 

 None 

 296,277 

 287,540 

 583,817 

 103,033 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 395,417 

 474,741 

 None 

 None 

 395,417 

 474,741 

 870,158 

 170,113 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 118,118 

 231,108 

 None 

 None 

 118,118 

 231,108 

 349,226 

 82,812 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 South Park 

 PA 

 None 

 252,247 

 436,182 

 None 

 None 

 252,247 

 436,182 

 688,429 

 156,257 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Southampton 

 PA 

 None 

 783,279 

 163,721 

 None 

 None 

 783,279 

 163,721 

 947,000 

 63,027 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Valencia 

 PA 

 None 

 440,565 

 278,492 

 None 

 None 

 440,565 

 278,492 

 719,057 

 99,791 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Verona 

 PA 

 None 

 171,411 

 257,358 

 None 

 None 

 171,411 

 257,358 

 428,769 

 92,218 

 01/29/04 

 300 

 Willow Grove 

 PA 

 None 

 329,934 

 73,123 

 None 

 None 

 329,934 

 73,123 

 403,057 

 28,147 

 05/29/03 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 320,000 

 432,527 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 432,527 

 752,527 

 232,840 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 330,000 

 472,679 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 472,679 

 802,679 

 254,455 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 560,000 

 543,588 

 None 

 None 

 560,000 

 543,588 

 1,103,588 

 292,626 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 360,000 

 542,982 

 None 

 None 

 360,000 

 542,982 

 902,982 

 292,301 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 540,000 

 388,058 

 None 

 None 

 540,000 

 388,058 

 928,058 

 208,900 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 250,000 

 251,770 

 None 

 None 

 250,000 

 251,770 

 501,770 

 135,534 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Beech Island 

 SC 

 None 

 330,000 

 481,637 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 481,637 

 811,637 

 169,373 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 F-27 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Belvedere 

 SC 

 None 

 490,000 

 463,080 

 None 

 None 

 490,000 

 463,080 

 953,080 

 249,287 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Bishopville 

 SC 

 None 

 191,738 

 356,130 

 1,500 

 None 

 191,738 

 357,630 

 549,368 

 68,970 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Bonneau 

 SC 

 None 

 128,411 

 239,191 

 1,500 

 None 

 128,411 

 240,691 

 369,102 

 46,556 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Camden 

 SC 

 None 

 269,136 

 499,897 

 1,500 

 None 

 269,136 

 501,397 

 770,533 

 96,525 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 170,000 

 350,000 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 350,000 

 520,000 

 243,250 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 150,000 

 450,000 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 450,000 

 600,000 

 312,750 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 520,000 

 471,637 

 None 

 None 

 520,000 

 471,637 

 991,637 

 165,856 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Conway 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 251,890 

 1,000 

 None 

 0 

 252,890 

 252,890 

 75,493 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Cordova 

 SC 

 None 

 137,207 

 255,025 

 2,000 

 None 

 137,207 

 257,025 

 394,232 

 49,829 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Eastover 

 SC 

 None 

 138,966 

 258,625 

 1,000 

 None 

 138,966 

 259,625 

 398,591 

 50,044 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Florence 

 SC 

 None 

 193,497 

 359,413 

 1,500 

 None 

 193,497 

 360,913 

 554,410 

 69,599 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Florence 

 SC 

 None 

 337,740 

 627,293 

 1,500 

 None 

 337,740 

 628,793 

 966,533 

 120,943 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Goose Creek 

 SC 

 None 

 150,000 

 241,637 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 241,637 

 391,637 

 84,973 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 390,000 

 462,847 

 None 

 None 

 390,000 

 462,847 

 852,847 

 249,161 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 300,000 

 402,392 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 402,392 

 702,392 

 216,617 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 370,000 

 432,695 

 None 

 None 

 370,000 

 432,695 

 802,695 

 232,930 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 620,000 

 483,604 

 None 

 None 

 620,000 

 483,604 

 1,103,604 

 260,335 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 None 

 680,000 

 423,604 

 None 

 None 

 680,000 

 423,604 

 1,103,604 

 228,035 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Greer 

 SC 

 None 

 400,000 

 502,879 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 502,879 

 902,879 

 270,712 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Hemingway 

 SC 

 None 

 246,269 

 458,069 

 1,500 

 None 

 246,269 

 459,569 

 705,838 

 88,508 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Hilton Head 

 SC 

 None 

 500,000 

 691,637 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 691,637 

 1,191,637 

 243,223 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Hilton Head 

 SC 

 None 

 185,500 

 344,510 

 None 

 None 

 185,500 

 344,510 

 530,010 

 120,004 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Irmo 

 SC 

 None 

 690,000 

 461,637 

 None 

 None 

 690,000 

 461,637 

 1,151,637 

 162,340 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Jackson 

 SC 

 None 

 170,000 

 632,626 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 632,626 

 802,626 

 340,559 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Kingstree 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 301,766 

 2,000 

 None 

 0 

 303,766 

 303,766 

 84,752 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Kingstree 

 SC 

 None 

 209,328 

 389,965 

 1,000 

 None 

 209,328 

 390,965 

 600,293 

 75,217 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Lake City 

 SC 

 None 

 202,292 

 376,398 

 1,500 

 None 

 202,292 

 377,898 

 580,190 

 72,854 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Lexington 

 SC 

 None 

 255,000 

 545,000 

 None 

 None 

 255,000 

 545,000 

 800,000 

 378,775 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Lexington 

 SC 

 None 

 640,000 

 563,891 

 None 

 None 

 640,000 

 563,891 

 1,203,891 

 303,555 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Lexington 

 SC 

 None 

 540,000 

 563,588 

 None 

 None 

 540,000 

 563,588 

 1,103,588 

 303,393 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Lexington 

 SC 

 None 

 360,000 

 843,891 

 None 

 None 

 360,000 

 843,891 

 1,203,891 

 454,289 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Lugoff 

 SC 

 None 

 200,533 

 372,490 

 1,500 

 None 

 200,533 

 373,990 

 574,523 

 72,105 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Moncks Corner 

 SC 

 None 

 351,812 

 654,578 

 1,000 

 None 

 351,812 

 655,578 

 1,007,390 

 125,935 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Mt. Pleasant 

 SC 

 None 

 668,443 

 1,241,940 

 1,000 

 None 

 668,443 

 1,242,940 

 1,911,383 

 238,512 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 140,725 

 261,942 

 1,000 

 None 

 140,725 

 262,942 

 403,667 

 50,679 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 492,537 

 913,807 

 2,500 

 None 

 492,537 

 916,307 

 1,408,844 

 176,333 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 527,718 

 980,766 

 1,500 

 None 

 527,718 

 982,266 

 1,509,984 

 188,692 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 703,624 

 1,307,326 

 1,000 

 None 

 703,624 

 1,308,326 

 2,011,950 

 251,045 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 176,002 

 1,500 

 None 

 0 

 177,502 

 177,502 

 34,445 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 753,979 

 1,500 

 None 

 0 

 755,479 

 755,479 

 145,224 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 327,278 

 1,000 

 None 

 0 

 328,278 

 328,278 

 114,488 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 0 

 277,019 

 1,000 

 None 

 0 

 278,019 

 278,019 

 84,725 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 North Augusta 

 SC 

 None 

 400,000 

 452,777 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 452,777 

 852,777 

 243,741 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 North Augusta 

 SC 

 None 

 490,000 

 1,221,637 

 None 

 None 

 490,000 

 1,221,637 

 1,711,637 

 429,606 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 North Charleston 

 SC 

 None 

 400,000 

 650,000 

 None 

 8 

 400,000 

 650,008 

 1,050,008 

 451,751 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Orangeburg 

 SC 

 None 

 320,000 

 691,637 

 None 

 None 

 320,000 

 691,637 

 1,011,637 

 243,223 

 03/18/04 

 300 

 Pinewood 

 SC 

 None 

 325,426 

 605,076 

 1,500 

 None 

 325,426 

 606,576 

 932,002 

 116,684 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Simpsonville 

 SC 

 None 

 530,000 

 573,485 

 None 

 None 

 530,000 

 573,485 

 1,103,485 

 308,720 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 F-28 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Spartanburg 

 SC 

 None 

 470,000 

 432,879 

 None 

 None 

 470,000 

 432,879 

 902,879 

 233,028 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 Summerton 

 SC 

 None 

 142,484 

 265,326 

 1,500 

 None 

 142,484 

 266,826 

 409,310 

 51,565 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Summerville 

 SC 

 None 

 115,000 

 515,000 

 None 

 None 

 115,000 

 515,000 

 630,000 

 357,925 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 Summerville 

 SC 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,227 

 None 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,227 

 850,727 

 192,705 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 211,087 

 392,065 

 1,500 

 None 

 211,087 

 393,565 

 604,652 

 75,857 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 263,859 

 490,128 

 1,500 

 None 

 263,859 

 491,628 

 755,487 

 94,653 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 362,367 

 673,012 

 1,500 

 None 

 362,367 

 674,512 

 1,036,879 

 129,705 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 181,183 

 336,587 

 1,500 

 None 

 181,183 

 338,087 

 519,270 

 65,224 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 154,797 

 287,584 

 1,500 

 None 

 154,797 

 289,084 

 443,881 

 55,832 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 351,812 

 653,469 

 1,500 

 None 

 351,812 

 654,969 

 1,006,781 

 125,960 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 334,222 

 620,801 

 1,500 

 None 

 334,222 

 622,301 

 956,523 

 119,698 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 281,450 

 522,796 

 1,500 

 None 

 281,450 

 524,296 

 805,746 

 100,914 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 149,520 

 278,284 

 1,000 

 None 

 149,520 

 279,284 

 428,804 

 53,812 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 146,002 

 271,250 

 1,500 

 None 

 146,002 

 272,750 

 418,752 

 52,701 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 372,921 

 693,113 

 1,000 

 None 

 372,921 

 694,113 

 1,067,034 

 133,321 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 149,520 

 277,726 

 1,500 

 None 

 149,520 

 279,226 

 428,746 

 53,942 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 262,100 

 486,861 

 1,500 

 None 

 262,100 

 488,361 

 750,461 

 94,026 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 Sumter 

 SC 

 None 

 184,701 

 344,620 

 None 

 None 

 184,701 

 344,620 

 529,321 

 66,051 

 03/27/08 

 300 

 West Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 400,000 

 402,665 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 402,665 

 802,665 

 216,764 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 West Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 410,000 

 693,574 

 None 

 None 

 410,000 

 693,574 

 1,103,574 

 373,368 

 07/22/99 

 300 

 West Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 336,000 

 624,727 

 None 

 None 

 336,000 

 624,727 

 960,727 

 217,611 

 04/14/04 

 300 

 Arrington 

 TN 

 None 

 385,000 

 716,242 

 None 

 None 

 385,000 

 716,242 

 1,101,242 

 263,809 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Athens 

 TN 

 None 

 175,000 

 326,242 

 None 

 None 

 175,000 

 326,242 

 501,242 

 120,159 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Athens 

 TN 

 None 

 124,179 

 231,860 

 None 

 None 

 124,179 

 231,860 

 356,039 

 85,395 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Benton 

 TN 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,742 

 None 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,742 

 551,242 

 132,130 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,741 

 None 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,741 

 520,472 

 124,763 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 168,000 

 313,242 

 None 

 None 

 168,000 

 313,242 

 481,242 

 115,371 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 175,000 

 326,242 

 (79,571) 

 None 

 162,879 

 258,792 

 421,671 

 95,315 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 159,979 

 298,346 

 None 

 None 

 159,979 

 298,346 

 458,325 

 109,884 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 105,000 

 196,242 

 None 

 None 

 105,000 

 196,242 

 301,242 

 72,276 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 701,242 

 168,043 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,742 

 None 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,742 

 851,242 

 203,955 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 323,750 

 822,529 

 None 

 None 

 323,750 

 822,529 

 1,146,279 

 283,045 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 280,000 

 521,242 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 521,242 

 801,242 

 191,984 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 257,250 

 478,992 

 None 

 None 

 257,250 

 478,992 

 736,242 

 176,422 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 283,209 

 527,201 

 None 

 None 

 283,209 

 527,201 

 810,410 

 194,179 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 542,500 

 1,008,742 

 None 

 None 

 542,500 

 1,008,742 

 1,551,242 

 371,547 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 None 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 951,242 

 227,897 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 (39,679) 

 None 

 260,694 

 559,077 

 819,771 

 205,920 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 175,000 

 326,242 

 (24,664) 

 None 

 150,336 

 326,242 

 476,578 

 120,159 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 110,009 

 205,545 

 None 

 None 

 110,009 

 205,545 

 315,554 

 75,703 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 227,500 

 423,742 

 None 

 None 

 227,500 

 423,742 

 651,242 

 156,072 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 280,000 

 521,242 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 521,242 

 801,242 

 191,984 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 701,242 

 168,043 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 None 

 None 

 157,500 

 293,742 

 451,242 

 108,189 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 None 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 351,242 

 84,247 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 None 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 859,450 

 205,920 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 F-29 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Dayton 

 TN 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 None 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,742 

 751,242 

 180,014 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Decatur 

 TN 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,742 

 None 

 None 

 181,731 

 338,742 

 520,473 

 124,764 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Dunlap 

 TN 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,242 

 None 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,242 

 901,242 

 215,926 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Etowah 

 TN 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,742 

 None 

 None 

 192,500 

 358,742 

 551,242 

 132,130 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Gallatin 

 TN 

 None 

 525,000 

 976,242 

 None 

 None 

 525,000 

 976,242 

 1,501,242 

 359,576 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Gray 

 TN 

 None 

 191,151 

 355,563 

 None 

 None 

 191,151 

 355,563 

 546,714 

 72,889 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Harrison 

 TN 

 None 

 484,313 

 900,680 

 None 

 None 

 484,313 

 900,680 

 1,384,993 

 331,744 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Hixson 

 TN 

 None 

 271,250 

 504,992 

 None 

 None 

 271,250 

 504,992 

 776,242 

 185,999 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Hixson 

 TN 

 None 

 513,215 

 954,355 

 None 

 None 

 513,215 

 954,355 

 1,467,570 

 351,515 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Hixson 

 TN 

 None 

 94,500 

 176,742 

 None 

 None 

 94,500 

 176,742 

 271,242 

 65,094 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Hixson 

 TN 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 None 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 859,450 

 205,920 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Kimball 

 TN 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 None 

 None 

 332,500 

 618,742 

 951,242 

 227,897 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Kingsport 

 TN 

 None 

 155,603 

 289,545 

 None 

 None 

 155,603 

 289,545 

 445,148 

 59,355 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Kingsport 

 TN 

 None 

 310,303 

 576,845 

 None 

 None 

 310,303 

 576,845 

 887,148 

 118,252 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 La Vergne 

 TN 

 None 

 340,000 

 650,000 

 None 

 None 

 340,000 

 650,000 

 990,000 

 451,750 

 08/25/95 

 300 

 La Vergne 

 TN 

 None 

 577,500 

 1,073,742 

 (15,745) 

 None 

 561,755 

 1,073,742 

 1,635,497 

 395,489 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Manchester 

 TN 

 None 

 266,119 

 495,463 

 None 

 None 

 266,119 

 495,463 

 761,582 

 182,489 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Manchester 

 TN 

 None 

 281,675 

 524,352 

 None 

 None 

 281,675 

 524,352 

 806,027 

 193,130 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Manchester 

 TN 

 None 

 319,846 

 595,242 

 None 

 None 

 319,846 

 595,242 

 915,088 

 219,241 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Monteagle 

 TN 

 None 

 271,173 

 504,849 

 None 

 None 

 271,173 

 504,849 

 776,022 

 185,946 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Mt. Juliet 

 TN 

 None 

 397,128 

 738,764 

 None 

 None 

 397,128 

 738,764 

 1,135,892 

 272,105 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 549,500 

 1,021,742 

 None 

 None 

 549,500 

 1,021,742 

 1,571,242 

 376,335 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 467,810 

 870,032 

 None 

 None 

 467,810 

 870,032 

 1,337,842 

 320,455 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 None 

 None 

 300,373 

 559,077 

 859,450 

 205,920 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 None 

 498,628 

 927,264 

 None 

 None 

 498,628 

 927,264 

 1,425,892 

 341,536 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ocoee 

 TN 

 None 

 119,792 

 223,713 

 (11,239) 

 None 

 108,553 

 223,713 

 332,266 

 82,395 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ooltewah 

 TN 

 None 

 234,231 

 436,241 

 None 

 None 

 234,231 

 436,241 

 670,472 

 160,676 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ooltewah 

 TN 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,301,242 

 (190,623) 

 None 

 635,909 

 1,174,710 

 1,810,619 

 436,887 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Ooltewah 

 TN 

 None 

 105,000 

 196,242 

 None 

 None 

 105,000 

 196,242 

 301,242 

 72,276 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Red Bank 

 TN 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,242 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,242 

 1,001,242 

 239,868 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Roan Mountain 

 TN 

 None 

 286,303 

 532,274 

 None 

 None 

 286,303 

 532,274 

 818,577 

 109,115 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Shelbyville 

 TN 

 None 

 320,229 

 595,953 

 None 

 None 

 320,229 

 595,953 

 916,182 

 219,503 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 TN 

 None 

 426,466 

 793,251 

 None 

 None 

 426,466 

 793,251 

 1,219,717 

 292,174 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Smyrna 

 TN 

 None 

 630,000 

 1,170,036 

 None 

 None 

 630,000 

 1,170,036 

 1,800,036 

 294,459 

 09/27/06 

 300 

 Soddy Daisy 

 TN 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,732 

 None 

 None 

 297,500 

 553,732 

 851,232 

 203,952 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Soddy Daisy 

 TN 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,242 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,242 

 1,001,242 

 239,868 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Soddy Daisy 

 TN 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 456,242 

 701,242 

 168,043 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Sweetwater 

 TN 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 None 

 None 

 122,500 

 228,742 

 351,242 

 84,247 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Sweetwater 

 TN 

 None 

 339,231 

 1,131,287 

 None 

 None 

 339,231 

 1,131,287 

 1,470,518 

 339,178 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Sweetwater 

 TN 

 None 

 133,000 

 248,242 

 None 

 None 

 133,000 

 248,242 

 381,242 

 91,429 

 10/16/03 

 300 

 Abingdon 

 VA 

 None 

 57,847 

 107,997 

 None 

 None 

 57,847 

 107,997 

 165,844 

 22,138 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Big Stone Gap 

 VA 

 None 

 527,303 

 979,860 

 None 

 None 

 527,303 

 979,860 

 1,507,163 

 200,870 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Bristol 

 VA 

 None 

 213,369 

 396,824 

 None 

 None 

 213,369 

 396,824 

 610,193 

 81,347 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Bristol 

 VA 

 None 

 268,303 

 498,845 

 None 

 None 

 268,303 

 498,845 

 767,148 

 102,262 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Bristol 

 VA 

 None 

 171,156 

 318,428 

 None 

 None 

 171,156 

 318,428 

 489,584 

 65,276 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Castlewood 

 VA 

 None 

 387,303 

 720,307 

 None 

 None 

 387,303 

 720,307 

 1,107,610 

 147,661 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Cedar Bluff 

 VA 

 None 

 492,303 

 915,307 

 None 

 None 

 492,303 

 915,307 

 1,407,610 

 187,636 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 F-30 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Chatham 

 VA 

 None 

 347,728 

 525,031 

 None 

 None 

 347,728 

 525,031 

 872,759 

 205,630 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Chesapeake 

 VA 

 None 

 225,000 

 400,366 

 None 

 None 

 225,000 

 400,366 

 625,366 

 118,108 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Clintwood 

 VA 

 None 

 378,553 

 703,610 

 None 

 None 

 378,553 

 703,610 

 1,082,163 

 144,239 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Coeburn 

 VA 

 None 

 168,934 

 314,764 

 None 

 None 

 168,934 

 314,764 

 483,698 

 64,525 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Coeburn 

 VA 

 None 

 312,303 

 581,021 

 None 

 None 

 312,303 

 581,021 

 893,324 

 119,108 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Coeburn 

 VA 

 None 

 282,303 

 525,307 

 None 

 None 

 282,303 

 525,307 

 807,610 

 107,686 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Collinsville 

 VA 

 None 

 84,465 

 130,137 

 None 

 None 

 84,465 

 130,137 

 214,602 

 50,963 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Danville 

 VA 

 None 

 149,276 

 227,333 

 None 

 None 

 149,276 

 227,333 

 376,609 

 89,031 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Danville 

 VA 

 None 

 83,644 

 128,884 

 None 

 None 

 83,644 

 128,884 

 212,528 

 50,473 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Danville 

 VA 

 None 

 266,722 

 403,501 

 None 

 None 

 266,722 

 403,501 

 670,223 

 158,031 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Franklin 

 VA 

 None 

 536,667 

 863,699 

 None 

 None 

 536,667 

 863,699 

 1,400,366 

 254,791 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Gate City 

 VA 

 None 

 422,303 

 784,845 

 None 

 None 

 422,303 

 784,845 

 1,207,148 

 160,892 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Glen Allen 

 VA 

 None 

 700,000 

 440,965 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 440,965 

 1,140,965 

 259,425 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Hampton 

 VA 

 None 

 433,985 

 459,108 

 None 

 None 

 433,985 

 459,108 

 893,093 

 270,098 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Highland Springs 

 VA 

 None 

 396,720 

 598,547 

 None 

 None 

 396,720 

 598,547 

 995,267 

 234,424 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Honaker 

 VA 

 None 

 492,303 

 915,307 

 None 

 None 

 492,303 

 915,307 

 1,407,610 

 187,636 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Martinsville 

 VA 

 None 

 246,820 

 373,653 

 None 

 None 

 246,820 

 373,653 

 620,473 

 146,340 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Martinsville 

 VA 

 None 

 83,521 

 128,706 

 None 

 None 

 83,521 

 128,706 

 212,227 

 50,403 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Midlothian 

 VA 

 None 

 325,000 

 302,872 

 None 

 153 

 325,000 

 303,025 

 628,025 

 186,276 

 08/21/97 

 300 

 Newport News 

 VA 

 None 

 490,616 

 605,304 

 None 

 None 

 490,616 

 605,304 

 1,095,920 

 326,778 

 01/20/00 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Norton 

 VA 

 None 

 157,826 

 293,688 

 None 

 None 

 157,826 

 293,688 

 451,514 

 60,204 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Norton 

 VA 

 None 

 457,303 

 849,860 

 None 

 None 

 457,303 

 849,860 

 1,307,163 

 174,220 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Norton 

 VA 

 None 

 222,256 

 413,344 

 None 

 None 

 222,256 

 413,344 

 635,600 

 84,734 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Pound 

 VA 

 None 

 256,170 

 476,327 

 None 

 None 

 256,170 

 476,327 

 732,497 

 97,645 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Pound 

 VA 

 None 

 276,303 

 513,717 

 None 

 None 

 276,303 

 513,717 

 790,020 

 105,310 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Richlands 

 VA 

 None 

 140,051 

 261,125 

 None 

 None 

 140,051 

 261,125 

 401,176 

 53,529 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 700,000 

 400,740 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 400,740 

 1,100,740 

 235,761 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 400,000 

 250,875 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 250,875 

 650,875 

 147,589 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 740 

 None 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 740 

 1,000,740 

 428 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 700,000 

 100,695 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 100,695 

 800,695 

 59,235 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 1,144,841 

 3,371,146 

 None 

 None 

 1,144,841 

 3,371,146 

 4,515,987 

 1,397,185 

 08/22/02 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 298,227 

 451,014 

 None 

 None 

 298,227 

 451,014 

 749,241 

 176,640 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 329,698 

 498,015 

 None 

 None 

 329,698 

 498,015 

 827,713 

 195,048 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 213,982 

 324,659 

 None 

 None 

 213,982 

 324,659 

 538,641 

 127,151 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 482,735 

 727,776 

 None 

 None 

 482,735 

 727,776 

 1,210,511 

 285,039 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 350,453 

 529,365 

 None 

 None 

 350,453 

 529,365 

 879,818 

 207,327 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 323,496 

 488,918 

 None 

 None 

 323,496 

 488,918 

 812,414 

 191,486 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 278,443 

 421,584 

 None 

 None 

 278,443 

 421,584 

 700,027 

 165,113 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 325,000 

 575,366 

 None 

 None 

 325,000 

 575,366 

 900,366 

 169,733 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Rosedale 

 VA 

 None 

 211,147 

 393,160 

 None 

 None 

 211,147 

 393,160 

 604,307 

 80,596 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Sandston 

 VA 

 None 

 152,535 

 232,528 

 None 

 None 

 152,535 

 232,528 

 385,063 

 91,066 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 South Boston 

 VA 

 None 

 160,893 

 244,778 

 None 

 None 

 160,893 

 244,778 

 405,671 

 95,864 

 03/19/03 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 VA 

 None 

 334,803 

 622,807 

 None 

 None 

 334,803 

 622,807 

 957,610 

 127,674 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 St. Paul 

 VA 

 None 

 422,303 

 785,307 

 None 

 None 

 422,303 

 785,307 

 1,207,610 

 160,986 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Stafford 

 VA 

 None 

 271,865 

 601,997 

 None 

 167 

 271,865 

 602,164 

 874,029 

 386,358 

 12/20/96 

 300 

 Staunton 

 VA 

 None 

 675,000 

 1,000,366 

 None 

 None 

 675,000 

 1,000,366 

 1,675,366 

 295,108 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Suffolk 

 VA 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,000,366 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,000,366 

 1,700,366 

 295,108 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Tazewell 

 VA 

 None 

 153,382 

 285,882 

 None 

 None 

 153,382 

 285,882 

 439,264 

 58,604 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 F-31 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Troutville 

 VA 

 None 

 575,000 

 975,366 

 None 

 None 

 575,000 

 975,366 

 1,550,366 

 287,733 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 None 

 1,194,560 

 2,218,773 

 None 

 None 

 1,194,560 

 2,218,773 

 3,413,333 

 935,567 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Warrenton 

 VA 

 None 

 515,971 

 649,125 

 None 

 161 

 515,971 

 649,286 

 1,165,257 

 416,594 

 12/20/96 

 300 

 Weber City 

 VA 

 None 

 369,803 

 687,345 

 None 

 None 

 369,803 

 687,345 

 1,057,148 

 140,904 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Williamsburg 

 VA 

 None 

 838,172 

 1,556,910 

 None 

 None 

 838,172 

 1,556,910 

 2,395,082 

 656,421 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 Wise 

 VA 

 None 

 334,803 

 622,360 

 None 

 None 

 334,803 

 622,360 

 957,163 

 127,582 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Wise 

 VA 

 None 

 66,733 

 124,517 

 None 

 None 

 66,733 

 124,517 

 191,250 

 25,524 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Wise 

 VA 

 None 

 527,303 

 979,860 

 None 

 None 

 527,303 

 979,860 

 1,507,163 

 200,870 

 11/29/07 

 300 

 Wytheville 

 VA 

 None 

 1,222,535 

 1,577,830 

 None 

 None 

 1,222,535 

 1,577,830 

 2,800,365 

 465,460 

 08/18/05 

 300 

 Yorktown 

 VA 

 None 

 309,435 

 447,144 

 None 

 None 

 309,435 

 447,144 

 756,579 

 263,054 

 04/17/98 

 300 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 None 

 66,150 

 146,921 

 55,528 

 7,650 

 66,150 

 210,099 

 276,249 

 164,748 

 11/18/87 

 300 

 East Troy 

 WI 

 None 

 578,813 

 1,072,938 

 2,000 

 None 

 578,813 

 1,074,938 

 1,653,751 

 131,141 

 12/28/09 

 300 

 Ellsworth 

 WI 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Menomonie 

 WI 

 None 

 770,442 

 1,428,821 

 2,000 

 None 

 770,442 

 1,430,821 

 2,201,263 

 117,104 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Menomonie 

 WI 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,000 

 2,000 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,795 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Menomonie 

 WI 

 None 

 441,256 

 817,975 

 1,500 

 None 

 441,256 

 819,475 

 1,260,731 

 67,114 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Mondovi 

 WI 

 None 

 175,000 

 323,500 

 1,500 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,000 

 500,000 

 26,732 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Osseo 

 WI 

 None 

 613,373 

 1,136,622 

 2,500 

 None 

 613,373 

 1,139,122 

 1,752,495 

 93,345 

 12/01/10 

 300 

 Crafts and novelties 

 Morgan Hill 

 CA 

 None 

 319,063 

 2,518,205 

 None 

 None 

 319,063 

 2,518,205 

 2,837,268 

 29,379 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Rancho Cucamonga 

 CA 

 None 

 2,790,740 

 4,713,106 

 None 

 None 

 2,790,740 

 4,713,106 

 7,503,846 

 54,986 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Roseville 

 CA 

 None 

 1,415,674 

 4,367,269 

 None 

 None 

 1,415,674 

 4,367,269 

 5,782,943 

 50,951 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Temecula 

 CA 

 None 

 2,027,441 

 4,644,558 

 None 

 None 

 2,027,441 

 4,644,558 

 6,671,999 

 54,187 

 09/18/12 

 300 

 Clermont 

 FL 

 None 

 980,500 

 3,632,575 

 None 

 None 

 980,500 

 3,632,575 

 4,613,075 

 213 

 In-progress 

 06/26/12 

 300 

 Cutler Ridge 

 FL 

 None 

 743,498 

 657,485 

 200,746 

 154 

 743,498 

 858,385 

 1,601,883 

 479,600 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Rockford 

 IL 

 None 

 159,587 

 618,398 

 None 

 211 

 159,587 

 618,609 

 778,196 

 398,888 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Stony Brook 

 NY 

 None 

 980,000 

 1,801,586 

 5,641 

 232 

 980,000 

 1,807,459 

 2,787,459 

 1,008,445 

 01/11/99 

 300 

 Pleasant Hills 

 PA 

 None 

 631,084 

 1,172,563 

 None 

 None 

 631,084 

 1,172,563 

 1,803,647 

 474,886 

 11/01/02 

 300 

 Diversified industrial 

 Portland 

 TN 

 10,150,000 

 1,481,370 

 10,969,189 

 None 

 None 

 1,481,370 

 10,969,189 

 12,450,559 

 127,974 

 09/19/12 

 300 

 Dollar stores 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 707,673 

 1,314,251 

 None 

 None 

 707,673 

 1,314,251 

 2,021,924 

 28,475 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 322,861 

 599,600 

 None 

 None 

 322,861 

 599,600 

 922,461 

 999 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Decatur 

 AL 

 None 

 301,085 

 559,159 

 None 

 None 

 301,085 

 559,159 

 860,244 

 12,115 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Florence 

 AL 

 None 

 419,440 

 778,959 

 None 

 None 

 419,440 

 778,959 

 1,198,399 

 1,298 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 501,318 

 931,020 

 None 

 None 

 501,318 

 931,020 

 1,432,338 

 20,172 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 532,170 

 988,317 

 None 

 None 

 532,170 

 988,317 

 1,520,487 

 1,647 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 366,980 

 681,533 

 None 

 None 

 366,980 

 681,533 

 1,048,513 

 1,136 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Prichard 

 AL 

 None 

 429,411 

 797,478 

 None 

 None 

 429,411 

 797,478 

 1,226,889 

 1,329 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Atkins 

 AR 

 None 

 264,657 

 491,507 

 None 

 None 

 264,657 

 491,507 

 756,164 

 819 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Hope 

 AR 

 None 

 421,413 

 782,623 

 None 

 None 

 421,413 

 782,623 

 1,204,036 

 16,957 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Marianna 

 AR 

 None 

 230,373 

 427,836 

 None 

 None 

 230,373 

 427,836 

 658,209 

 713 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Pine Bluff 

 AR 

 None 

 562,282 

 1,044,237 

 None 

 None 

 562,282 

 1,044,237 

 1,606,519 

 22,625 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Pine Bluff 

 AR 

 None 

 579,851 

 1,076,865 

 None 

 None 

 579,851 

 1,076,865 

 1,656,716 

 1,795 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 F-32 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 West Helena 

 AR 

 None 

 331,612 

 615,851 

 None 

 None 

 331,612 

 615,851 

 947,463 

 1,026 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Camp Verde 

 AZ 

 None 

 244,826 

 454,678 

 None 

 None 

 244,826 

 454,678 

 699,504 

 9,851 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Lake Havasu 

 AZ 

 None 

 439,388 

 816,005 

 None 

 None 

 439,388 

 816,005 

 1,255,393 

 17,680 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 712,708 

 1,323,600 

 None 

 None 

 712,708 

 1,323,600 

 2,036,308 

 28,678 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 642,917 

 1,193,990 

 None 

 None 

 642,917 

 1,193,990 

 1,836,907 

 25,870 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 721,637 

 1,340,182 

 None 

 None 

 721,637 

 1,340,182 

 2,061,819 

 29,037 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 580,167 

 1,077,452 

 None 

 None 

 580,167 

 1,077,452 

 1,657,619 

 23,345 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Tolleson 

 AZ 

 None 

 581,123 

 1,079,228 

 None 

 None 

 581,123 

 1,079,228 

 1,660,351 

 23,383 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 461,061 

 856,257 

 None 

 None 

 461,061 

 856,257 

 1,317,318 

 18,552 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Yuma 

 AZ 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 None 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 644,597 

 9,078 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Federal Heights 

 CO 

 None 

 561,752 

 1,043,254 

 None 

 None 

 561,752 

 1,043,254 

 1,605,006 

 22,604 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Federal Heights 

 CO 

 None 

 501,314 

 931,013 

 None 

 None 

 501,314 

 931,013 

 1,432,327 

 20,172 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Bartow 

 FL 

 None 

 476,372 

 884,692 

 None 

 None 

 476,372 

 884,692 

 1,361,064 

 1,474 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Brandon 

 FL 

 None 

 605,652 

 1,124,782 

 None 

 None 

 605,652 

 1,124,782 

 1,730,434 

 1,875 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Cottondale 

 FL 

 None 

 458,337 

 851,196 

 None 

 None 

 458,337 

 851,196 

 1,309,533 

 1,419 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Crystal River 

 FL 

 None 

 432,782 

 803,739 

 None 

 None 

 432,782 

 803,739 

 1,236,521 

 1,340 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Fern Park 

 FL 

 None 

 663,492 

 1,232,199 

 None 

 None 

 663,492 

 1,232,199 

 1,895,691 

 2,054 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 491,957 

 913,635 

 None 

 None 

 491,957 

 913,635 

 1,405,592 

 1,523 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Groveland 

 FL 

 None 

 101,782 

 189,258 

 None 

 189 

 101,782 

 189,447 

 291,229 

 104,574 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Hudson 

 FL 

 None 

 485,785 

 902,173 

 None 

 None 

 485,785 

 902,173 

 1,387,958 

 1,504 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Immokalee 

 FL 

 None 

 659,438 

 1,224,671 

 None 

 None 

 659,438 

 1,224,671 

 1,884,109 

 26,535 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 479,745 

 890,954 

 None 

 None 

 479,745 

 890,954 

 1,370,699 

 19,304 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 635,245 

 1,179,740 

 None 

 None 

 635,245 

 1,179,740 

 1,814,985 

 1,966 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 577,368 

 1,072,255 

 None 

 None 

 577,368 

 1,072,255 

 1,649,623 

 1,787 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 774,832 

 1,438,974 

 None 

 None 

 774,832 

 1,438,974 

 2,213,806 

 2,398 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 580,539 

 1,078,144 

 None 

 None 

 580,539 

 1,078,144 

 1,658,683 

 1,797 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Jasper 

 FL 

 None 

 397,823 

 738,814 

 None 

 None 

 397,823 

 738,814 

 1,136,637 

 1,231 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 342,755 

 636,546 

 None 

 None 

 342,755 

 636,546 

 979,301 

 13,792 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 455,575 

 846,067 

 None 

 None 

 455,575 

 846,067 

 1,301,642 

 1,410 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Largo 

 FL 

 None 

 567,646 

 1,054,201 

 None 

 None 

 567,646 

 1,054,201 

 1,621,847 

 1,757 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Lehigh Acres 

 FL 

 None 

 560,116 

 1,040,215 

 None 

 None 

 560,116 

 1,040,215 

 1,600,331 

 1,734 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Miami 

 FL 

 None 

 648,087 

 1,203,591 

 None 

 None 

 648,087 

 1,203,591 

 1,851,678 

 2,006 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Ocala 

 FL 

 None 

 482,475 

 896,026 

 None 

 None 

 482,475 

 896,026 

 1,378,501 

 1,493 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Opa Locka 

 FL 

 None 

 665,870 

 1,236,615 

 None 

 None 

 665,870 

 1,236,615 

 1,902,485 

 26,793 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Panama City 

 FL 

 None 

 468,060 

 869,253 

 None 

 None 

 468,060 

 869,253 

 1,337,313 

 1,449 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 S Dayton Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 652,903 

 1,212,534 

 None 

 None 

 652,903 

 1,212,534 

 1,865,437 

 2,021 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Seminole 

 FL 

 None 

 541,317 

 1,005,304 

 None 

 None 

 541,317 

 1,005,304 

 1,546,621 

 1,676 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 559,416 

 1,038,915 

 None 

 None 

 559,416 

 1,038,915 

 1,598,331 

 22,510 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 552,447 

 1,025,973 

 None 

 None 

 552,447 

 1,025,973 

 1,578,420 

 22,229 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 549,314 

 1,020,154 

 None 

 None 

 549,314 

 1,020,154 

 1,569,468 

 1,700 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 611,153 

 1,134,998 

 None 

 None 

 611,153 

 1,134,998 

 1,746,151 

 1,892 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 634,199 

 1,177,799 

 None 

 None 

 634,199 

 1,177,799 

 1,811,998 

 1,963 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Temple Terrace 

 FL 

 None 

 666,400 

 1,237,599 

 None 

 None 

 666,400 

 1,237,599 

 1,903,999 

 26,815 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Winter Haven 

 FL 

 None 

 441,079 

 819,148 

 None 

 None 

 441,079 

 819,148 

 1,260,227 

 17,748 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Winter Haven 

 FL 

 None 

 437,109 

 811,775 

 None 

 None 

 437,109 

 811,775 

 1,248,884 

 1,353 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 572,784 

 1,063,741 

 None 

 None 

 572,784 

 1,063,741 

 1,636,525 

 23,048 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 396,046 

 735,513 

 None 

 None 

 396,046 

 735,513 

 1,131,559 

 1,226 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Brunswick 

 GA 

 None 

 525,784 

 976,455 

 None 

 None 

 525,784 

 976,455 

 1,502,239 

 1,627 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 F-33 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Brunswick 

 GA 

 None 

 374,722 

 695,913 

 None 

 None 

 374,722 

 695,913 

 1,070,635 

 1,160 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Conyers 

 GA 

 None 

 737,753 

 1,370,114 

 None 

 None 

 737,753 

 1,370,114 

 2,107,867 

 29,686 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Dawson 

 GA 

 None 

 413,732 

 768,359 

 None 

 None 

 413,732 

 768,359 

 1,182,091 

 1,281 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Thomasville 

 GA 

 None 

 407,954 

 757,629 

 None 

 None 

 407,954 

 757,629 

 1,165,583 

 1,263 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Warrenton 

 GA 

 None 

 298,668 

 554,669 

 None 

 None 

 298,668 

 554,669 

 853,337 

 924 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Waycross 

 GA 

 None 

 417,843 

 775,994 

 None 

 None 

 417,843 

 775,994 

 1,193,837 

 1,293 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Wrightsville 

 GA 

 None 

 274,254 

 509,328 

 None 

 None 

 274,254 

 509,328 

 783,582 

 849 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Des Moines 

 IA 

 None 

 455,336 

 845,625 

 None 

 None 

 455,336 

 845,625 

 1,300,961 

 18,322 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Mason City 

 IA 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 None 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 691,813 

 9,743 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Calumet City 

 IL 

 None 

 561,828 

 1,043,394 

 None 

 None 

 561,828 

 1,043,394 

 1,605,222 

 22,607 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 None 

 759,213 

 1,409,966 

 None 

 None 

 759,213 

 1,409,966 

 2,169,179 

 2,350 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Dwight 

 IL 

 None 

 355,224 

 659,701 

 None 

 None 

 355,224 

 659,701 

 1,014,925 

 1,100 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 East Saint Louis 

 IL 

 None 

 564,367 

 1,048,111 

 None 

 None 

 564,367 

 1,048,111 

 1,612,478 

 1,747 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Galesburg 

 IL 

 None 

 325,959 

 605,353 

 None 

 None 

 325,959 

 605,353 

 931,312 

 13,116 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Harvey 

 IL 

 None 

 356,530 

 662,127 

 None 

 None 

 356,530 

 662,127 

 1,018,657 

 1,104 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Joliet 

 IL 

 None 

 396,961 

 737,212 

 None 

 None 

 396,961 

 737,212 

 1,134,173 

 1,229 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Metropolis 

 IL 

 None 

 522,911 

 971,120 

 None 

 None 

 522,911 

 971,120 

 1,494,031 

 1,619 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Peoria 

 IL 

 None 

 378,198 

 702,367 

 None 

 None 

 378,198 

 702,367 

 1,080,565 

 15,218 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Virden 

 IL 

 None 

 546,679 

 1,015,261 

 None 

 None 

 546,679 

 1,015,261 

 1,561,940 

 1,692 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 634,963 

 1,179,216 

 None 

 None 

 634,963 

 1,179,216 

 1,814,179 

 1,965 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 454,789 

 844,607 

 None 

 None 

 454,789 

 844,607 

 1,299,396 

 18,300 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 New Albany 

 IN 

 None 

 437,343 

 812,209 

 None 

 None 

 437,343 

 812,209 

 1,249,552 

 1,354 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Parker City 

 IN 

 None 

 266,530 

 494,983 

 None 

 None 

 266,530 

 494,983 

 761,513 

 10,725 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Rockport 

 IN 

 None 

 203,782 

 378,451 

 None 

 None 

 203,782 

 378,451 

 582,233 

 631 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 South Bend 

 IN 

 None 

 507,845 

 943,140 

 None 

 None 

 507,845 

 943,140 

 1,450,985 

 1,572 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Arma 

 KS 

 None 

 170,875 

 793,860 

 None 

 None 

 170,875 

 793,860 

 964,735 

 11,908 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Basehor 

 KS 

 None 

 171,627 

 872,548 

 None 

 None 

 171,627 

 872,548 

 1,044,175 

 13,088 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Burlington 

 KS 

 None 

 173,930 

 806,439 

 None 

 None 

 173,930 

 806,439 

 980,369 

 12,097 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Cheney 

 KS 

 None 

 161,300 

 770,354 

 None 

 None 

 161,300 

 770,354 

 931,654 

 11,555 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Cherryvale 

 KS 

 None 

 90,248 

 811,836 

 None 

 None 

 90,248 

 811,836 

 902,084 

 12,178 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Coffeyville 

 KS 

 None 

 519,254 

 964,328 

 None 

 None 

 519,254 

 964,328 

 1,483,582 

 1,607 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Edwardsville 

 KS 

 None 

 161,785 

 906,004 

 None 

 None 

 161,785 

 906,004 

 1,067,789 

 13,590 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Elkhart 

 KS 

 None 

 119,882 

 848,233 

 None 

 None 

 119,882 

 848,233 

 968,115 

 12,724 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Fort Scott 

 KS 

 None 

 442,309 

 875,130 

 None 

 None 

 442,309 

 875,130 

 1,317,439 

 7,293 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Fredonia 

 KS 

 None 

 353,485 

 699,387 

 None 

 None 

 353,485 

 699,387 

 1,052,872 

 5,828 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Galena 

 KS 

 None 

 348,023 

 688,581 

 None 

 None 

 348,023 

 688,581 

 1,036,604 

 5,738 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Horton 

 KS 

 None 

 101,571 

 844,142 

 None 

 None 

 101,571 

 844,142 

 945,713 

 12,662 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Hoxie 

 KS 

 None 

 338,945 

 670,621 

 None 

 None 

 338,945 

 670,621 

 1,009,566 

 5,589 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Independence 

 KS 

 None 

 350,000 

 727,505 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 727,505 

 1,077,505 

 6,063 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 577,037 

 1,071,640 

 None 

 None 

 577,037 

 1,071,640 

 1,648,677 

 23,219 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 140,147 

 922,934 

 None 

 None 

 140,147 

 922,934 

 1,063,081 

 13,844 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Lawrence 

 KS 

 None 

 236,948 

 965,247 

 None 

 None 

 236,948 

 965,247 

 1,202,195 

 14,479 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Leavenworth 

 KS 

 None 

 432,608 

 855,938 

 None 

 None 

 432,608 

 855,938 

 1,288,546 

 7,133 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Liberal 

 KS 

 None 

 344,113 

 680,846 

 None 

 None 

 344,113 

 680,846 

 1,024,959 

 5,674 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Lyndon 

 KS 

 None 

 100,642 

 822,510 

 None 

 None 

 100,642 

 822,510 

 923,152 

 12,338 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Neodesha 

 KS 

 None 

 124,388 

 867,203 

 None 

 None 

 124,388 

 867,203 

 991,591 

 13,008 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Newton 

 KS 

 None 

 110,986 

 873,540 

 None 

 None 

 110,986 

 873,540 

 984,526 

 13,103 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Salina 

 KS 

 None 

 194,508 

 889,894 

 None 

 None 

 194,508 

 889,894 

 1,084,402 

 13,348 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 F-34 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 None 

 352,665 

 697,766 

 None 

 None 

 352,665 

 697,766 

 1,050,431 

 5,815 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Washington 

 KS 

 None 

 81,586 

 828,885 

 None 

 None 

 81,586 

 828,885 

 910,471 

 12,433 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 375,827 

 743,592 

 None 

 None 

 375,827 

 743,592 

 1,119,419 

 6,197 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 90,000 

 1,206,374 

 None 

 None 

 90,000 

 1,206,374 

 1,296,374 

 10,053 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 444,855 

 880,168 

 None 

 None 

 444,855 

 880,168 

 1,325,023 

 7,335 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 412,493 

 816,139 

 None 

 None 

 412,493 

 816,139 

 1,228,632 

 6,801 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 418,954 

 828,922 

 None 

 None 

 418,954 

 828,922 

 1,247,876 

 6,908 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 499,759 

 928,124 

 None 

 None 

 499,759 

 928,124 

 1,427,883 

 1,547 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mount Vernon 

 KY 

 None 

 470,619 

 874,008 

 None 

 None 

 470,619 

 874,008 

 1,344,627 

 1,457 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Somerset 

 KY 

 None 

 456,467 

 847,725 

 None 

 None 

 456,467 

 847,725 

 1,304,192 

 18,367 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 None 

 563,114 

 1,045,783 

 None 

 None 

 563,114 

 1,045,783 

 1,608,897 

 22,659 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 None 

 433,213 

 804,539 

 None 

 None 

 433,213 

 804,539 

 1,237,752 

 1,341 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Dixie Inn 

 LA 

 None 

 318,870 

 592,187 

 None 

 None 

 318,870 

 592,187 

 911,057 

 987 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Dutch Town 

 LA 

 None 

 489,660 

 909,368 

 None 

 None 

 489,660 

 909,368 

 1,399,028 

 1,516 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Hammond 

 LA 

 None 

 417,284 

 774,955 

 None 

 None 

 417,284 

 774,955 

 1,192,239 

 16,791 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Logansport 

 LA 

 None 

 494,202 

 917,805 

 None 

 None 

 494,202 

 917,805 

 1,412,007 

 1,530 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Minden 

 LA 

 None 

 339,679 

 630,832 

 None 

 None 

 339,679 

 630,832 

 970,511 

 13,668 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Saint Bernard 

 LA 

 None 

 447,884 

 831,784 

 None 

 None 

 447,884 

 831,784 

 1,279,668 

 18,022 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 605,336 

 1,124,196 

 None 

 None 

 605,336 

 1,124,196 

 1,729,532 

 24,358 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 719,595 

 1,336,390 

 None 

 None 

 719,595 

 1,336,390 

 2,055,985 

 2,227 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Bangor 

 MI 

 None 

 513,772 

 954,149 

 None 

 None 

 513,772 

 954,149 

 1,467,921 

 20,673 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Battle Creek 

 MI 

 None 

 438,869 

 815,042 

 None 

 None 

 438,869 

 815,042 

 1,253,911 

 17,659 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Beaverton 

 MI 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 None 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 691,813 

 9,743 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Croswell 

 MI 

 None 

 387,461 

 719,571 

 None 

 None 

 387,461 

 719,571 

 1,107,032 

 15,591 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Dearborn 

 MI 

 None 

 522,650 

 970,637 

 None 

 None 

 522,650 

 970,637 

 1,493,287 

 21,030 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Detroit 

 MI 

 None 

 667,232 

 1,239,145 

 None 

 None 

 667,232 

 1,239,145 

 1,906,377 

 26,848 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Flint 

 MI 

 None 

 510,751 

 948,537 

 None 

 None 

 510,751 

 948,537 

 1,459,288 

 20,552 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Grand Rapids 

 MI 

 None 

 526,567 

 977,911 

 None 

 None 

 526,567 

 977,911 

 1,504,478 

 1,630 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MI 

 None 

 473,329 

 879,039 

 None 

 None 

 473,329 

 879,039 

 1,352,368 

 19,046 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MI 

 None 

 592,388 

 1,100,149 

 None 

 None 

 592,388 

 1,100,149 

 1,692,537 

 1,834 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Marion 

 MI 

 None 

 354,869 

 659,042 

 None 

 None 

 354,869 

 659,042 

 1,013,911 

 1,098 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mount Morris 

 MI 

 None 

 604,949 

 1,123,476 

 None 

 None 

 604,949 

 1,123,476 

 1,728,425 

 1,872 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Onaway 

 MI 

 None 

 510,098 

 947,326 

 None 

 None 

 510,098 

 947,326 

 1,457,424 

 1,579 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Romulus 

 MI 

 None 

 578,474 

 1,074,310 

 None 

 None 

 578,474 

 1,074,310 

 1,652,784 

 23,277 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Yale 

 MI 

 None 

 248,856 

 462,160 

 None 

 None 

 248,856 

 462,160 

 711,016 

 10,013 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 443,895 

 824,377 

 None 

 None 

 443,895 

 824,377 

 1,268,272 

 17,862 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 557,439 

 1,035,244 

 None 

 None 

 557,439 

 1,035,244 

 1,592,683 

 22,430 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 352,739 

 697,913 

 None 

 None 

 352,739 

 697,913 

 1,050,652 

 5,816 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 St Louis 

 MO 

 None 

 647,256 

 1,202,046 

 None 

 None 

 647,256 

 1,202,046 

 1,849,302 

 26,044 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 465,674 

 864,824 

 None 

 None 

 465,674 

 864,824 

 1,330,498 

 18,738 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 668,518 

 1,241,534 

 None 

 None 

 668,518 

 1,241,534 

 1,910,052 

 26,900 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Liberty 

 MS 

 None 

 432,170 

 802,601 

 None 

 None 

 432,170 

 802,601 

 1,234,771 

 17,390 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Vicksburg 

 MS 

 None 

 577,491 

 1,072,483 

 None 

 None 

 577,491 

 1,072,483 

 1,649,974 

 23,237 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Durham 

 NC 

 None 

 442,367 

 821,540 

 None 

 None 

 442,367 

 821,540 

 1,263,907 

 1,369 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Kings Mountain 

 NC 

 None 

 492,867 

 915,324 

 None 

 None 

 492,867 

 915,324 

 1,408,191 

 1,526 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Lincolnton 

 NC 

 None 

 343,797 

 638,479 

 None 

 None 

 343,797 

 638,479 

 982,276 

 1,064 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Lumberton 

 NC 

 None 

 459,702 

 853,731 

 None 

 None 

 459,702 

 853,731 

 1,313,433 

 1,423 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Marion 

 NC 

 None 

 475,680 

 883,406 

 None 

 None 

 475,680 

 883,406 

 1,359,086 

 1,472 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 F-35 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Taylorsville 

 NC 

 None 

 336,401 

 624,744 

 None 

 None 

 336,401 

 624,744 

 961,145 

 1,041 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Winterville 

 NC 

 None 

 250,429 

 465,082 

 None 

 None 

 250,429 

 465,082 

 715,511 

 10,077 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Lexington 

 NE 

 None 

 370,620 

 688,294 

 None 

 None 

 370,620 

 688,294 

 1,058,914 

 1,147 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Nebraska City 

 NE 

 None 

 190,852 

 354,439 

 None 

 None 

 190,852 

 354,439 

 545,291 

 591 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 South Sioux City 

 NE 

 None 

 290,379 

 539,274 

 None 

 None 

 290,379 

 539,274 

 829,653 

 11,684 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Manchester 

 NH 

 None 

 457,288 

 849,249 

 None 

 None 

 457,288 

 849,249 

 1,306,537 

 1,415 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Walpole 

 NH 

 None 

 477,671 

 887,103 

 None 

 None 

 477,671 

 887,103 

 1,364,774 

 1,479 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Malaga 

 NJ 

 None 

 513,159 

 953,010 

 None 

 None 

 513,159 

 953,010 

 1,466,169 

 1,588 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 589,570 

 1,094,917 

 None 

 None 

 589,570 

 1,094,917 

 1,684,487 

 23,723 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 281,887 

 523,504 

 None 

 None 

 281,887 

 523,504 

 805,391 

 11,343 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Bloomfield 

 NM 

 None 

 458,086 

 850,732 

 None 

 None 

 458,086 

 850,732 

 1,308,818 

 18,433 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Chama 

 NM 

 None 

 392,836 

 729,552 

 None 

 None 

 392,836 

 729,552 

 1,122,388 

 1,216 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Cuba 

 NM 

 None 

 543,339 

 1,009,059 

 None 

 None 

 543,339 

 1,009,059 

 1,552,398 

 21,863 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Gallup 

 NM 

 None 

 667,383 

 1,239,426 

 None 

 None 

 667,383 

 1,239,426 

 1,906,809 

 26,854 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Kirtland 

 NM 

 None 

 688,532 

 1,278,703 

 None 

 None 

 688,532 

 1,278,703 

 1,967,235 

 27,705 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Las Cruces 

 NM 

 None 

 331,422 

 615,497 

 None 

 None 

 331,422 

 615,497 

 946,919 

 13,336 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Los Lunas 

 NM 

 None 

 505,257 

 938,335 

 None 

 None 

 505,257 

 938,335 

 1,443,592 

 20,331 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Tularosa 

 NM 

 None 

 233,037 

 432,782 

 None 

 None 

 233,037 

 432,782 

 665,819 

 721 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 NV 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 None 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 644,597 

 9,078 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Gouverneur 

 NY 

 None 

 485,614 

 901,855 

 None 

 None 

 485,614 

 901,855 

 1,387,469 

 1,503 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Gowanda 

 NY 

 None 

 503,722 

 935,484 

 None 

 None 

 503,722 

 935,484 

 1,439,206 

 20,269 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Schenectady 

 NY 

 None 

 468,077 

 869,287 

 None 

 None 

 468,077 

 869,287 

 1,337,364 

 1,449 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Andover 

 OH 

 None 

 469,209 

 871,388 

 None 

 None 

 469,209 

 871,388 

 1,340,597 

 1,452 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Blanchester 

 OH 

 None 

 359,899 

 668,383 

 None 

 None 

 359,899 

 668,383 

 1,028,282 

 1,114 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 574,968 

 1,067,799 

 None 

 None 

 574,968 

 1,067,799 

 1,642,767 

 23,136 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 359,083 

 666,868 

 None 

 None 

 359,083 

 666,868 

 1,025,951 

 14,449 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Georgetown 

 OH 

 None 

 381,051 

 707,665 

 None 

 None 

 381,051 

 707,665 

 1,088,716 

 1,179 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Kenton 

 OH 

 None 

 400,787 

 744,320 

 None 

 None 

 400,787 

 744,320 

 1,145,107 

 16,127 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Manchester 

 OH 

 None 

 371,453 

 689,842 

 None 

 None 

 371,453 

 689,842 

 1,061,295 

 1,150 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mechanicsburg 

 OH 

 None 

 350,151 

 650,280 

 None 

 None 

 350,151 

 650,280 

 1,000,431 

 14,089 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Orwell 

 OH 

 None 

 293,628 

 545,309 

 None 

 None 

 293,628 

 545,309 

 838,937 

 11,815 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Peebles 

 OH 

 None 

 436,054 

 809,815 

 None 

 None 

 436,054 

 809,815 

 1,245,869 

 1,350 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Ripley 

 OH 

 None 

 359,515 

 667,671 

 None 

 None 

 359,515 

 667,671 

 1,027,186 

 14,466 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Warren 

 OH 

 None 

 505,805 

 939,353 

 None 

 None 

 505,805 

 939,353 

 1,445,158 

 20,353 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Ardmore 

 OK 

 None 

 347,932 

 646,160 

 None 

 None 

 347,932 

 646,160 

 994,092 

 14,000 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Claremore 

 OK 

 None 

 231,355 

 774,203 

 None 

 None 

 231,355 

 774,203 

 1,005,558 

 11,613 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Clayton 

 OK 

 None 

 428,202 

 847,219 

 None 

 None 

 428,202 

 847,219 

 1,275,421 

 7,060 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Davis 

 OK 

 None 

 505,183 

 999,530 

 None 

 None 

 505,183 

 999,530 

 1,504,713 

 8,329 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Drumright 

 OK 

 None 

 169,840 

 315,418 

 None 

 None 

 169,840 

 315,418 

 485,258 

 526 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Duncan 

 OK 

 None 

 430,448 

 799,403 

 None 

 None 

 430,448 

 799,403 

 1,229,851 

 1,332 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Grove 

 OK 

 None 

 376,598 

 745,118 

 None 

 None 

 376,598 

 745,118 

 1,121,716 

 6,209 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Haskell 

 OK 

 None 

 228,333 

 424,047 

 None 

 None 

 228,333 

 424,047 

 652,380 

 9,188 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Hollis 

 OK 

 None 

 61,713 

 880,041 

 None 

 None 

 61,713 

 880,041 

 941,754 

 13,201 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Hulbert 

 OK 

 None 

 336,767 

 666,310 

 None 

 None 

 336,767 

 666,310 

 1,003,077 

 5,553 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Kansas 

 OK 

 None 

 342,548 

 677,749 

 None 

 None 

 342,548 

 677,749 

 1,020,297 

 5,648 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Kellyville 

 OK 

 None 

 373,030 

 738,059 

 None 

 None 

 373,030 

 738,059 

 1,111,089 

 6,150 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Konawa 

 OK 

 None 

 344,210 

 681,036 

 None 

 None 

 344,210 

 681,036 

 1,025,246 

 5,675 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Lawton 

 OK 

 None 

 435,764 

 862,182 

 None 

 None 

 435,764 

 862,182 

 1,297,946 

 7,185 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 F-36 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 640,000 

 495,915 

 None 

 None 

 640,000 

 495,915 

 1,135,915 

 4,133 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 318,134 

 590,821 

 None 

 None 

 318,134 

 590,821 

 908,955 

 985 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Shawnee 

 OK 

 None 

 288,016 

 534,887 

 None 

 None 

 288,016 

 534,887 

 822,903 

 11,589 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Shawnee 

 OK 

 None 

 342,323 

 677,303 

 None 

 None 

 342,323 

 677,303 

 1,019,626 

 5,644 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Stratford 

 OK 

 None 

 342,426 

 677,506 

 None 

 None 

 342,426 

 677,506 

 1,019,932 

 5,646 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 384,370 

 760,495 

 None 

 None 

 384,370 

 760,495 

 1,144,865 

 6,337 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Wilson 

 OK 

 None 

 89,538 

 814,202 

 None 

 None 

 89,538 

 814,202 

 903,740 

 12,213 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Woodward 

 OK 

 None 

 221,150 

 802,563 

 None 

 None 

 221,150 

 802,563 

 1,023,713 

 12,038 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 268,056 

 497,817 

 None 

 None 

 268,056 

 497,817 

 765,873 

 830 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Newberry 

 SC 

 None 

 383,286 

 711,817 

 None 

 None 

 383,286 

 711,817 

 1,095,103 

 1,186 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mascot 

 TN 

 None 

 378,741 

 749,359 

 None 

 None 

 378,741 

 749,359 

 1,128,100 

 6,245 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 225,548 

 418,876 

 None 

 None 

 225,548 

 418,876 

 644,424 

 9,076 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 493,000 

 915,572 

 None 

 None 

 493,000 

 915,572 

 1,408,572 

 19,837 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 369,950 

 687,049 

 None 

 None 

 369,950 

 687,049 

 1,056,999 

 14,886 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 563,795 

 1,047,048 

 None 

 None 

 563,795 

 1,047,048 

 1,610,843 

 22,686 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 552,777 

 1,026,586 

 None 

 None 

 552,777 

 1,026,586 

 1,579,363 

 22,243 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Alton 

 TX 

 None 

 345,945 

 642,468 

 None 

 None 

 345,945 

 642,468 

 988,413 

 13,920 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Amarillo 

 TX 

 None 

 191,492 

 811,497 

 None 

 None 

 191,492 

 811,497 

 1,002,989 

 12,172 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Amarillo 

 TX 

 None 

 260,864 

 712,639 

 None 

 None 

 260,864 

 712,639 

 973,503 

 10,690 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Anahuac 

 TX 

 None 

 531,601 

 987,259 

 None 

 None 

 531,601 

 987,259 

 1,518,860 

 1,645 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Arcola 

 TX 

 None 

 309,969 

 961,069 

 None 

 None 

 309,969 

 961,069 

 1,271,038 

 14,416 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Atlanta 

 TX 

 None 

 401,127 

 793,650 

 None 

 None 

 401,127 

 793,650 

 1,194,777 

 6,614 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 610,000 

 876,114 

 None 

 None 

 610,000 

 876,114 

 1,486,114 

 7,301 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Bacliff 

 TX 

 None 

 557,574 

 1,035,495 

 None 

 None 

 557,574 

 1,035,495 

 1,593,069 

 22,436 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Balch Springs 

 TX 

 None 

 588,809 

 1,093,502 

 None 

 None 

 588,809 

 1,093,502 

 1,682,311 

 1,823 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Baytown 

 TX 

 None 

 486,394 

 903,304 

 None 

 None 

 486,394 

 903,304 

 1,389,698 

 19,572 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Baytown 

 TX 

 None 

 447,005 

 830,152 

 None 

 None 

 447,005 

 830,152 

 1,277,157 

 17,987 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Beaumont 

 TX 

 None 

 526,746 

 978,243 

 None 

 None 

 526,746 

 978,243 

 1,504,989 

 21,195 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Beaumont 

 TX 

 None 

 186,877 

 1,007,961 

 None 

 None 

 186,877 

 1,007,961 

 1,194,838 

 15,119 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Beeville 

 TX 

 None 

 382,613 

 710,566 

 None 

 None 

 382,613 

 710,566 

 1,093,179 

 15,396 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Blossom 

 TX 

 None 

 82,320 

 825,297 

 None 

 None 

 82,320 

 825,297 

 907,617 

 12,379 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Brownsville 

 TX 

 None 

 287,319 

 533,592 

 None 

 None 

 287,319 

 533,592 

 820,911 

 11,561 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Canton 

 TX 

 None 

 165,267 

 1,358,083 

 None 

 None 

 165,267 

 1,358,083 

 1,523,350 

 20,371 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Canyon Lake 

 TX 

 None 

 183,707 

 1,170,581 

 None 

 None 

 183,707 

 1,170,581 

 1,354,288 

 17,559 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Cedar Creek 

 TX 

 None 

 183,296 

 933,294 

 None 

 None 

 183,296 

 933,294 

 1,116,590 

 13,999 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 None 

 460,501 

 855,215 

 None 

 None 

 460,501 

 855,215 

 1,315,716 

 18,530 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 None 

 577,037 

 1,071,640 

 None 

 None 

 577,037 

 1,071,640 

 1,648,677 

 23,219 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 None 

 291,106 

 540,626 

 None 

 None 

 291,106 

 540,626 

 831,732 

 11,714 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Cotulla 

 TX 

 None 

 919,863 

 1,708,316 

 None 

 None 

 919,863 

 1,708,316 

 2,628,179 

 2,847 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Creedmoor 

 TX 

 None 

 391,935 

 775,464 

 None 

 None 

 391,935 

 775,464 

 1,167,399 

 6,462 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Crystal City 

 TX 

 None 

 549,519 

 1,020,535 

 None 

 None 

 549,519 

 1,020,535 

 1,570,054 

 1,701 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 660,890 

 1,227,367 

 None 

 None 

 660,890 

 1,227,367 

 1,888,257 

 26,593 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 474,480 

 881,177 

 None 

 None 

 474,480 

 881,177 

 1,355,657 

 19,092 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Del Rio 

 TX 

 None 

 447,839 

 886,072 

 None 

 None 

 447,839 

 886,072 

 1,333,911 

 7,384 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Desoto 

 TX 

 None 

 452,327 

 894,952 

 None 

 None 

 452,327 

 894,952 

 1,347,279 

 7,458 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Eagle Pass 

 TX 

 None 

 516,608 

 959,416 

 None 

 None 

 516,608 

 959,416 

 1,476,024 

 20,787 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Eagle Pass 

 TX 

 None 

 383,327 

 758,431 

 None 

 None 

 383,327 

 758,431 

 1,141,758 

 6,320 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Fort Stockton 

 TX 

 None 

 465,636 

 864,752 

 None 

 None 

 465,636 

 864,752 

 1,330,388 

 1,441 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 547,855 

 1,019,204 

 None 

 None 

 547,855 

 1,019,204 

 1,567,059 

 15,288 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 F-37 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 213,683 

 848,314 

 None 

 None 

 213,683 

 848,314 

 1,061,997 

 12,725 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 600,746 

 1,115,672 

 None 

 None 

 600,746 

 1,115,672 

 1,716,418 

 1,859 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Freer 

 TX 

 None 

 269,137 

 499,827 

 None 

 None 

 269,137 

 499,827 

 768,964 

 833 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Garland 

 TX 

 None 

 228,333 

 424,047 

 None 

 None 

 228,333 

 424,047 

 652,380 

 9,188 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Grape Creek 

 TX 

 None 

 232,999 

 710,940 

 None 

 None 

 232,999 

 710,940 

 943,939 

 10,664 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Hardin 

 TX 

 None 

 143,336 

 805,614 

 None 

 None 

 143,336 

 805,614 

 948,950 

 12,084 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Harker Heights 

 TX 

 None 

 488,753 

 907,685 

 None 

 None 

 488,753 

 907,685 

 1,396,438 

 19,667 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Harker Heights 

 TX 

 None 

 366,122 

 724,391 

 None 

 None 

 366,122 

 724,391 

 1,090,513 

 6,037 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Hebbronville 

 TX 

 None 

 481,250 

 893,750 

 None 

 None 

 481,250 

 893,750 

 1,375,000 

 1,490 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Hewitt 

 TX 

 None 

 438,118 

 866,838 

 None 

 None 

 438,118 

 866,838 

 1,304,956 

 7,224 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 279,181 

 518,479 

 None 

 None 

 279,181 

 518,479 

 797,660 

 11,234 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 434,980 

 807,819 

 None 

 None 

 434,980 

 807,819 

 1,242,799 

 17,503 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 429,081 

 796,866 

 None 

 None 

 429,081 

 796,866 

 1,225,947 

 17,265 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 490,377 

 910,700 

 None 

 None 

 490,377 

 910,700 

 1,401,077 

 19,732 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 453,245 

 896,768 

 None 

 None 

 453,245 

 896,768 

 1,350,013 

 7,473 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,027,118 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,027,118 

 1,527,118 

 8,559 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 430,589 

 851,943 

 None 

 None 

 430,589 

 851,943 

 1,282,532 

 7,100 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 467,805 

 868,780 

 None 

 None 

 467,805 

 868,780 

 1,336,585 

 1,448 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 610,149 

 1,133,135 

 None 

 None 

 610,149 

 1,133,135 

 1,743,284 

 1,889 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 474,480 

 881,178 

 None 

 None 

 474,480 

 881,178 

 1,355,658 

 1,469 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Katy 

 TX 

 None 

 436,233 

 863,109 

 None 

 None 

 436,233 

 863,109 

 1,299,342 

 7,193 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Kaufman 

 TX 

 None 

 488,687 

 907,561 

 None 

 None 

 488,687 

 907,561 

 1,396,248 

 19,664 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Killeen 

 TX 

 None 

 480,758 

 892,837 

 None 

 None 

 480,758 

 892,837 

 1,373,595 

 19,345 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Killeen 

 TX 

 None 

 409,670 

 810,553 

 None 

 None 

 409,670 

 810,553 

 1,220,223 

 6,755 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Lacy Lakeview 

 TX 

 None 

 429,768 

 798,141 

 None 

 None 

 429,768 

 798,141 

 1,227,909 

 17,293 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Lake Hills 

 TX 

 None 

 183,968 

 795,341 

 None 

 None 

 183,968 

 795,341 

 979,309 

 11,930 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Lamesa 

 TX 

 None 

 450,012 

 835,736 

 None 

 None 

 450,012 

 835,736 

 1,285,748 

 18,108 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Leonard 

 TX 

 None 

 277,575 

 515,496 

 None 

 None 

 277,575 

 515,496 

 793,071 

 11,169 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Longview 

 TX 

 None 

 435,985 

 809,687 

 None 

 None 

 435,985 

 809,687 

 1,245,672 

 1,349 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Longview 

 TX 

 None 

 473,119 

 878,650 

 None 

 None 

 473,119 

 878,650 

 1,351,769 

 1,464 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Longview 

 TX 

 None 

 150,012 

 278,594 

 None 

 None 

 150,012 

 278,594 

 428,606 

 464 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Los Fresnos 

 TX 

 None 

 533,059 

 989,968 

 None 

 None 

 533,059 

 989,968 

 1,523,027 

 21,449 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Lufkin 

 TX 

 None 

 267,700 

 497,158 

 None 

 None 

 267,700 

 497,158 

 764,858 

 829 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Marshall 

 TX 

 None 

 665,113 

 1,235,211 

 None 

 None 

 665,113 

 1,235,211 

 1,900,324 

 26,763 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Midland 

 TX 

 None 

 544,075 

 1,322,431 

 None 

 None 

 544,075 

 1,322,431 

 1,866,506 

 786,734 

 02/03/98 

 300 

 Midland 

 TX 

 None 

 194,594 

 790,843 

 None 

 None 

 194,594 

 790,843 

 985,437 

 11,863 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Monahans 

 TX 

 None 

 473,723 

 879,770 

 None 

 None 

 473,723 

 879,770 

 1,353,493 

 1,466 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Mt Enterprise 

 TX 

 None 

 510,030 

 947,198 

 None 

 None 

 510,030 

 947,198 

 1,457,228 

 1,579 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Nacogdoches 

 TX 

 None 

 585,075 

 1,086,567 

 None 

 None 

 585,075 

 1,086,567 

 1,671,642 

 1,811 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 New Boston 

 TX 

 None 

 226,547 

 420,730 

 None 

 None 

 226,547 

 420,730 

 647,277 

 9,116 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Odessa 

 TX 

 None 

 200,900 

 874,978 

 None 

 None 

 200,900 

 874,978 

 1,075,878 

 13,125 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Odessa 

 TX 

 None 

 393,275 

 795,622 

 None 

 None 

 393,275 

 795,622 

 1,188,897 

 11,934 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Odessa 

 TX 

 None 

 299,235 

 687,360 

 None 

 None 

 299,235 

 687,360 

 986,595 

 10,310 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Onalaska 

 TX 

 None 

 455,522 

 845,970 

 None 

 None 

 455,522 

 845,970 

 1,301,492 

 1,410 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Paris 

 TX 

 None 

 194,054 

 844,235 

 None 

 None 

 194,054 

 844,235 

 1,038,289 

 12,664 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Pearsall 

 TX 

 None 

 314,465 

 584,006 

 None 

 None 

 314,465 

 584,006 

 898,471 

 12,653 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Perryton 

 TX 

 None 

 534,489 

 992,623 

 None 

 None 

 534,489 

 992,623 

 1,527,112 

 1,654 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Pharr 

 TX 

 None 

 506,911 

 941,407 

 None 

 None 

 506,911 

 941,407 

 1,448,318 

 20,397 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 F-38 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Pinehurst 

 TX 

 None 

 392,523 

 776,626 

 None 

 None 

 392,523 

 776,626 

 1,169,149 

 6,472 

 10/31/12 

 300 

 Pittsburg 

 TX 

 None 

 469,724 

 872,344 

 None 

 None 

 469,724 

 872,344 

 1,342,068 

 18,901 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Port Acres 

 TX 

 None 

 268,899 

 499,384 

 None 

 None 

 268,899 

 499,384 

 768,283 

 10,820 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Port Arthur 

 TX 

 None 

 253,535 

 828,487 

 None 

 None 

 253,535 

 828,487 

 1,082,022 

 12,427 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Port Isabel 

 TX 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 None 

 None 

 225,609 

 418,988 

 644,597 

 9,078 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Port Neches 

 TX 

 None 

 498,469 

 925,729 

 None 

 None 

 498,469 

 925,729 

 1,424,198 

 1,543 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Porter 

 TX 

 None 

 559,462 

 1,039,001 

 None 

 None 

 559,462 

 1,039,001 

 1,598,463 

 1,732 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Progreso 

 TX 

 None 

 200,597 

 372,537 

 None 

 None 

 200,597 

 372,537 

 573,134 

 621 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Rio Vista 

 TX 

 None 

 61,254 

 829,871 

 None 

 None 

 61,254 

 829,871 

 891,125 

 12,448 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Rosenburg 

 TX 

 None 

 408,933 

 759,448 

 None 

 None 

 408,933 

 759,448 

 1,168,381 

 16,455 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Rusk 

 TX 

 None 

 446,174 

 828,610 

 None 

 None 

 446,174 

 828,610 

 1,274,784 

 1,381 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Saginaw 

 TX 

 None 

 485,162 

 901,016 

 None 

 None 

 485,162 

 901,016 

 1,386,178 

 19,522 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 San Angelo 

 TX 

 None 

 308,573 

 1,000,504 

 None 

 None 

 308,573 

 1,000,504 

 1,309,077 

 15,008 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 663,903 

 1,232,962 

 None 

 None 

 663,903 

 1,232,962 

 1,896,865 

 26,714 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 474,828 

 881,824 

 None 

 None 

 474,828 

 881,824 

 1,356,652 

 19,106 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 357,827 

 664,536 

 None 

 None 

 357,827 

 664,536 

 1,022,363 

 14,398 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 637,451 

 1,183,837 

 None 

 None 

 637,451 

 1,183,837 

 1,821,288 

 25,650 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 265,044 

 818,313 

 None 

 None 

 265,044 

 818,313 

 1,083,357 

 12,275 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 273,109 

 896,601 

 None 

 None 

 273,109 

 896,601 

 1,169,710 

 13,449 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 San Augustine 

 TX 

 None 

 468,018 

 869,176 

 None 

 None 

 468,018 

 869,176 

 1,337,194 

 1,449 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Sattler 

 TX 

 None 

 424,566 

 788,481 

 None 

 None 

 424,566 

 788,481 

 1,213,047 

 17,084 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Schertz 

 TX 

 None 

 300,878 

 558,773 

 None 

 None 

 300,878 

 558,773 

 859,651 

 12,107 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Seminole 

 TX 

 None 

 103,470 

 899,122 

 None 

 None 

 103,470 

 899,122 

 1,002,592 

 13,487 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Sherman 

 TX 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 None 

 None 

 242,135 

 449,678 

 691,813 

 9,743 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Sullivan City 

 TX 

 None 

 496,544 

 922,154 

 None 

 None 

 496,544 

 922,154 

 1,418,698 

 1,537 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Temple 

 TX 

 None 

 248,015 

 805,588 

 None 

 None 

 248,015 

 805,588 

 1,053,603 

 12,084 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Temple 

 TX 

 None 

 580,869 

 1,078,758 

 None 

 None 

 580,869 

 1,078,758 

 1,659,627 

 1,798 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Texas City 

 TX 

 None 

 238,472 

 973,286 

 None 

 None 

 238,472 

 973,286 

 1,211,758 

 14,599 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Waco 

 TX 

 None 

 527,779 

 980,161 

 None 

 None 

 527,779 

 980,161 

 1,507,940 

 21,237 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Wells 

 TX 

 None 

 141,780 

 840,639 

 None 

 None 

 141,780 

 840,639 

 982,419 

 12,610 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Wichita Falls 

 TX 

 None 

 297,454 

 552,415 

 None 

 None 

 297,454 

 552,415 

 849,869 

 11,969 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Willis 

 TX 

 None 

 664,432 

 1,233,946 

 None 

 None 

 664,432 

 1,233,946 

 1,898,378 

 26,735 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Wills Point 

 TX 

 None 

 417,304 

 774,994 

 None 

 None 

 417,304 

 774,994 

 1,192,298 

 1,292 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Wilmer 

 TX 

 None 

 489,576 

 909,212 

 None 

 None 

 489,576 

 909,212 

 1,398,788 

 1,515 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Winnsboro 

 TX 

 None 

 446,940 

 830,031 

 None 

 None 

 446,940 

 830,031 

 1,276,971 

 1,383 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Winters 

 TX 

 None 

 50,842 

 811,377 

 None 

 None 

 50,842 

 811,377 

 862,219 

 12,171 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Kanab 

 UT 

 None 

 563,114 

 1,045,783 

 None 

 None 

 563,114 

 1,045,783 

 1,608,897 

 22,659 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Mt Pleasant 

 UT 

 None 

 573,530 

 1,065,126 

 None 

 None 

 573,530 

 1,065,126 

 1,638,656 

 23,078 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Concord 

 VA 

 None 

 259,997 

 906,036 

 None 

 None 

 259,997 

 906,036 

 1,166,033 

 13,591 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Goshen 

 VA 

 None 

 80,157 

 831,602 

 None 

 None 

 80,157 

 831,602 

 911,759 

 12,474 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Madison Heights 

 VA 

 None 

 276,413 

 936,546 

 None 

 None 

 276,413 

 936,546 

 1,212,959 

 14,048 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Onley 

 VA 

 None 

 313,433 

 582,089 

 None 

 None 

 313,433 

 582,089 

 895,522 

 970 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Portsmouth 

 VA 

 None 

 524,294 

 973,688 

 None 

 None 

 524,294 

 973,688 

 1,497,982 

 21,097 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 709,379 

 1,317,417 

 None 

 None 

 709,379 

 1,317,417 

 2,026,796 

 28,544 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 591,344 

 1,098,210 

 None 

 None 

 591,344 

 1,098,210 

 1,689,554 

 23,795 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 655,795 

 1,217,906 

 None 

 None 

 655,795 

 1,217,906 

 1,873,701 

 2,030 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 478,904 

 889,394 

 None 

 None 

 478,904 

 889,394 

 1,368,298 

 1,482 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Shawsville 

 VA 

 None 

 334,624 

 1,066,596 

 None 

 None 

 334,624 

 1,066,596 

 1,401,220 

 15,999 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 F-39 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Stanleytown 

 VA 

 None 

 359,846 

 668,286 

 None 

 None 

 359,846 

 668,286 

 1,028,132 

 1,114 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Victoria 

 VA 

 None 

 194,099 

 914,642 

 None 

 None 

 194,099 

 914,642 

 1,108,741 

 13,720 

 08/30/12 

 300 

 Eagle River 

 WI 

 None 

 208,955 

 388,060 

 None 

 None 

 208,955 

 388,060 

 597,015 

 647 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 None 

 538,419 

 999,922 

 None 

 None 

 538,419 

 999,922 

 1,538,341 

 21,665 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Spooner 

 WI 

 None 

 564,022 

 1,047,470 

 None 

 None 

 564,022 

 1,047,470 

 1,611,492 

 22,695 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Huntington 

 WV 

 None 

 376,119 

 698,508 

 None 

 None 

 376,119 

 698,508 

 1,074,627 

 1,164 

 12/14/12 

 300 

 Cheyenne 

 WY 

 None 

 521,603 

 968,690 

 None 

 None 

 521,603 

 968,690 

 1,490,293 

 20,988 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Cheyenne 

 WY 

 None 

 564,022 

 1,047,470 

 None 

 None 

 564,022 

 1,047,470 

 1,611,492 

 22,695 

 06/01/12 

 300 

 Drug stores 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 1,150,000 

 1,479,627 

 None 

 None 

 1,150,000 

 1,479,627 

 2,629,627 

 466,090 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 959,875 

 2,350,208 

 None 

 None 

 959,875 

 2,350,208 

 3,310,083 

 35,253 

 08/10/12 

 300 

 Bakersfield 

 CA 

 None 

 0 

 3,501,678 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 3,501,678 

 3,501,678 

 682,826 

 02/26/08 

 300 

 Encinitas 

 CA 

 None 

 0 

 3,751,713 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 3,751,713 

 3,751,713 

 731,583 

 02/26/08 

 300 

 Indio 

 CA 

 None 

 2,205,539 

 4,096,524 

 None 

 None 

 2,205,539 

 4,096,524 

 6,302,063 

 798,821 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 1,490,000 

 3,473,583 

 None 

 None 

 1,490,000 

 3,473,583 

 4,963,583 

 306,833 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tracy 

 CA 

 None 

 2,467,993 

 4,584,246 

 None 

 None 

 2,467,993 

 4,584,246 

 7,052,239 

 924,489 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 1,025,000 

 1,645,371 

 None 

 79 

 1,025,000 

 1,645,450 

 2,670,450 

 518,297 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Fort Collins 

 CO 

 None 

 1,100,000 

 1,385,014 

 None 

 79 

 1,100,000 

 1,385,093 

 2,485,093 

 436,284 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Casselberry 

 FL 

 None 

 1,075,020 

 1,664,284 

 None 

 None 

 1,075,020 

 1,664,284 

 2,739,304 

 951,443 

 09/30/98 

 300 

 Milton 

 FL 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,774,311 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,774,311 

 2,274,311 

 156,731 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Adel 

 GA 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,056,116 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 1,056,116 

 1,556,116 

 325,630 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 Blackshear 

 GA 

 None 

 430,000 

 1,005,393 

 None 

 None 

 430,000 

 1,005,393 

 1,435,393 

 309,990 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 Bowdon 

 GA 

 None 

 410,000 

 1,010,615 

 None 

 None 

 410,000 

 1,010,615 

 1,420,615 

 311,600 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 Cairo 

 GA 

 None 

 330,000 

 1,152,243 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 1,152,243 

 1,482,243 

 355,269 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 Quitman 

 GA 

 None 

 730,000 

 856,586 

 None 

 None 

 730,000 

 856,586 

 1,586,586 

 269,816 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Blackfoot 

 ID 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,932,186 

 None 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,932,186 

 2,492,186 

 608,630 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Burley 

 ID 

 None 

 700,000 

 2,011,543 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 2,011,543 

 2,711,543 

 633,627 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Chubbuck 

 ID 

 None 

 890,000 

 1,267,183 

 None 

 None 

 890,000 

 1,267,183 

 2,157,183 

 399,154 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 None 

 1,589,068 

 2,841,507 

 None 

 None 

 1,589,068 

 2,841,507 

 4,430,575 

 61,566 

 06/29/12 

 300 

 Maryville 

 IL 

 None 

 780,685 

 2,344,436 

 None 

 None 

 780,685 

 2,344,436 

 3,125,121 

 168,018 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 Troy 

 IL 

 None 

 768,515 

 1,991,358 

 None 

 None 

 768,515 

 1,991,358 

 2,759,873 

 142,714 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 Hammond 

 IN 

 None 

 667,821 

 2,656,839 

 None 

 None 

 667,821 

 2,656,839 

 3,324,660 

 75,277 

 04/12/12 

 300 

 Salem 

 IN 

 None 

 0 

 2,351,296 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,351,296 

 2,351,296 

 599,580 

 08/16/06 

 300 

 Elkton 

 MD 

 None 

 1,751,013 

 3,252,546 

 None 

 None 

 1,751,013 

 3,252,546 

 5,003,559 

 634,245 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Laurel 

 MD 

 None 

 0 

 2,400,696 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,400,696 

 2,400,696 

 612,177 

 08/16/06 

 300 

 Portland 

 ME 

 None 

 2,100,849 

 3,902,402 

 None 

 None 

 2,100,849 

 3,902,402 

 6,003,251 

 786,983 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Gladwin 

 MI 

 None 

 1,365,747 

 2,536,910 

 None 

 None 

 1,365,747 

 2,536,910 

 3,902,657 

 494,697 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Metamora 

 MI 

 None 

 859,139 

 2,291,557 

 None 

 None 

 859,139 

 2,291,557 

 3,150,696 

 584,347 

 08/16/06 

 300 

 Dellwood 

 MO 

 None 

 766,461 

 2,438,272 

 None 

 None 

 766,461 

 2,438,272 

 3,204,733 

 174,743 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 None 

 744,817 

 2,300,087 

 None 

 None 

 744,817 

 2,300,087 

 3,044,904 

 164,840 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 Wildwood 

 MO 

 None 

 681,200 

 2,649,759 

 None 

 None 

 681,200 

 2,649,759 

 3,330,959 

 189,899 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 Carson City 

 NV 

 None 

 800,000 

 2,770,950 

 None 

 None 

 800,000 

 2,770,950 

 3,570,950 

 872,841 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Reno 

 NV 

 None 

 1,100,000 

 2,602,911 

 None 

 175 

 1,100,000 

 2,603,086 

 3,703,086 

 819,932 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Reno 

 NV 

 None 

 850,000 

 2,306,647 

 None 

 None 

 850,000 

 2,306,647 

 3,156,647 

 726,585 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Sparks 

 NV 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 2,271,513 

 None 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 2,271,513 

 3,271,513 

 715,518 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Sun Valley 

 NV 

 None 

 550,000 

 2,678,380 

 None 

 None 

 550,000 

 2,678,380 

 3,228,380 

 843,681 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Cortland 

 OH 

 None 

 1,440,000 

 1,364,725 

 1,250 

 None 

 1,440,000 

 1,365,975 

 2,805,975 

 430,416 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Madison 

 OH 

 None 

 580,000 

 1,272,742 

 None 

 None 

 580,000 

 1,272,742 

 1,852,742 

 392,423 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 F-40 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Mayfield Heights 

 OH 

 None 

 0 

 2,703,730 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,703,730 

 2,703,730 

 527,227 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Warren 

 OH 

 None 

 960,000 

 1,326,083 

 None 

 None 

 960,000 

 1,326,083 

 2,286,083 

 417,707 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Warren 

 OH 

 None 

 800,000 

 1,241,503 

 None 

 None 

 800,000 

 1,241,503 

 2,041,503 

 391,065 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Willowick 

 OH 

 None 

 530,000 

 1,241,308 

 None 

 None 

 530,000 

 1,241,308 

 1,771,308 

 382,731 

 04/29/05 

 300 

 Beaver 

 PA 

 None 

 1,933,000 

 3,003,160 

 None 

 None 

 1,933,000 

 3,003,160 

 4,936,160 

 605,637 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Delmont 

 PA 

 None 

 720,000 

 1,246,023 

 10,475 

 None 

 720,000 

 1,256,498 

 1,976,498 

 397,465 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Gettysburg 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 2,500,750 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,500,750 

 2,500,750 

 637,691 

 08/16/06 

 300 

 Girard 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 1,352,590 

 555,016 

 None 

 0 

 1,907,606 

 1,907,606 

 873,033 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Johnstown 

 PA 

 None 

 250,000 

 2,593,436 

 None 

 None 

 250,000 

 2,593,436 

 2,843,436 

 816,924 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Johnstown 

 PA 

 None 

 600,000 

 2,010,255 

 None 

 None 

 600,000 

 2,010,255 

 2,610,255 

 633,222 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Murrysville 

 PA 

 None 

 710,000 

 1,666,912 

 None 

 None 

 710,000 

 1,666,912 

 2,376,912 

 525,065 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 Oakdale 

 PA 

 None 

 1,255,750 

 2,995,001 

 None 

 None 

 1,255,750 

 2,995,001 

 4,250,751 

 763,725 

 08/16/06 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 3,803,732 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 3,803,732 

 3,803,732 

 741,726 

 02/26/08 

 300 

 Reading 

 PA 

 None 

 1,400,000 

 3,304,996 

 None 

 None 

 1,400,000 

 3,304,996 

 4,704,996 

 644,473 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Saint Marys 

 PA 

 None 

 1,663,632 

 3,090,403 

 None 

 None 

 1,663,632 

 3,090,403 

 4,754,035 

 623,231 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Slippery Rock 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 1,295,495 

 622,721 

 None 

 0 

 1,918,216 

 1,918,216 

 870,585 

 02/09/05 

 300 

 West Norriton 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 3,603,611 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 3,603,611 

 3,603,611 

 702,703 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Wexford 

 PA 

 None 

 2,300,000 

 2,606,080 

 None 

 None 

 2,300,000 

 2,606,080 

 4,906,080 

 508,185 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Yeadon 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 3,253,285 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 3,253,285 

 3,253,285 

 656,079 

 12/20/07 

 300 

 Fredericksburg 

 VA 

 None 

 0 

 2,901,815 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,901,815 

 2,901,815 

 565,852 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Buckhannon 

 WV 

 None 

 1,716,898 

 3,189,190 

 None 

 None 

 1,716,898 

 3,189,190 

 4,906,088 

 621,890 

 02/21/08 

 300 

 Education 

 Peoria 

 AZ 

 None 

 281,750 

 625,779 

 69,854 

 32,530 

 281,750 

 728,163 

 1,009,913 

 678,442 

 03/30/88 

 300 

 Corona 

 CA 

 None 

 144,856 

 671,584 

 None 

 26,846 

 144,856 

 698,430 

 843,286 

 677,820 

 12/19/84 

 300 

 Santee 

 CA 

 None 

 248,418 

 551,748 

 37,230 

 29,831 

 248,418 

 618,809 

 867,227 

 552,811 

 07/23/87 

 300 

 Coconut Creek 

 FL 

 None 

 310,111 

 1,243,682 

 None 

 None 

 310,111 

 1,243,682 

 1,553,793 

 665,657 

 08/02/99 

 12/01/98 

 300 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 None 

 1,080,444 

 3,346,772 

 None 

 73 

 1,080,444 

 3,346,845 

 4,427,289 

 1,980,100 

 03/04/98 

 300 

 Beaverton 

 OR 

 None 

 135,148 

 626,647 

 None 

 26,935 

 135,148 

 653,582 

 788,730 

 632,245 

 12/17/86 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 195,650 

 387,355 

 851 

 2,816 

 195,650 

 391,022 

 586,672 

 339,196 

 02/07/91 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 238,000 

 528,604 

 90,133 

 24,911 

 238,000 

 643,648 

 881,648 

 542,152 

 04/06/89 

 300 

 Coppell 

 TX 

 None 

 208,641 

 463,398 

 32,562 

 147 

 208,641 

 496,107 

 704,748 

 471,921 

 12/11/87 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 1,049,287 

 1,949,085 

 211,064 

 64,012 

 1,049,287 

 2,224,161 

 3,273,448 

 964,943 

 03/28/02 

 300 

 Missouri City 

 TX 

 None 

 221,025 

 437,593 

 248,454 

 128 

 221,025 

 686,175 

 907,200 

 397,746 

 12/13/90 

 300 

 Southlake 

 TX 

 None 

 228,279 

 511,750 

 None 

 25,453 

 228,279 

 537,203 

 765,482 

 435,365 

 03/10/93 

 300 

 Sugar Land 

 TX 

 None 

 1,600,000 

 6,300,995 

 None 

 None 

 1,600,000 

 6,300,995 

 7,900,995 

 1,648,757 

 06/28/06 

 300 

 Chantilly 

 VA 

 None 

 688,917 

 3,208,607 

 None 

 None 

 688,917 

 3,208,607 

 3,897,524 

 1,680,324 

 05/07/99 

 09/30/98 

 300 

 Kingstowne 

 VA 

 None 

 300,000 

 1,191,396 

 None 

 None 

 300,000 

 1,191,396 

 1,491,396 

 597,985 

 08/22/00 

 11/08/99 

 300 

 Entertainment 

 Riverside 

 CA 

 None 

 7,800,000 

 130 

 (416,985) 

 None 

 7,383,015 

 130 

 7,383,145 

 52 

 07/05/02 

 300 

 Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 2,300,000 

 22 

 None 

 None 

 2,300,000 

 22 

 2,300,022 

 12 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Dania 

 FL 

 None 

 8,272,080 

 1,713 

 None 

 36 

 8,272,080 

 1,749 

 8,273,829 

 949 

 03/31/99 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 1,500,000 

 768 

 None 

 None 

 1,500,000 

 768 

 1,500,768 

 339 

 06/29/01 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 1,600,000 

 768 

 None 

 None 

 1,600,000 

 768 

 1,600,768 

 339 

 06/29/01 

 300 

 Greensboro 

 NC 

 None 

 4,000,000 

 463 

 None 

 None 

 4,000,000 

 463 

 4,000,463 

 186 

 07/05/02 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 1,956,296 

 3,949,402 

 142,904 

 70,143 

 1,956,296 

 4,162,449 

 6,118,745 

 2,489,166 

 04/04/97 

 300 

 Brookhaven 

 NY 

 None 

 1,500,000 

 745 

 None 

 None 

 1,500,000 

 745 

 1,500,745 

 401 

 07/23/99 

 300 

 Riverhead 

 NY 

 None 

 6,200,000 

 744 

 None 

 None 

 6,200,000 

 744 

 6,200,744 

 400 

 07/23/99 

 300 

 F-41 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Equipment services 

 Lake Worth 

 FL 

 None 

 679,079 

 1,262,568 

 None 

 None 

 679,079 

 1,262,568 

 1,941,647 

 477,672 

 07/03/03 

 300 

 Sanford 

 NC 

 8,358,520 

 226,784 

 15,056,005 

 None 

 None 

 226,784 

 15,056,005 

 15,282,789 

 175,653 

 09/25/12 

 300 

 Elko 

 NV 

 None 

 1,401,115 

 10,342,501 

 9,281 

 None 

 1,401,115 

 10,351,782 

 11,752,897 

 741,341 

 03/15/11 

 300 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 None 

 1,010,134 

 1,877,384 

 None 

 None 

 1,010,134 

 1,877,384 

 2,887,518 

 710,277 

 07/03/03 

 300 

 Financial services 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 245,137 

 456,324 

 None 

 None 

 245,137 

 456,324 

 701,461 

 88,983 

 02/01/08 

 300 

 Canon City 

 CO 

 None 

 66,500 

 147,699 

 None 

 None 

 66,500 

 147,699 

 214,199 

 147,699 

 11/12/87 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 313,250 

 695,730 

 40,500 

 79 

 313,250 

 736,309 

 1,049,559 

 736,243 

 03/10/87 

 300 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 None 

 476,179 

 725,023 

 10,154 

 224 

 476,179 

 735,401 

 1,211,580 

 411,236 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 532,556 

 940,177 

 None 

 None 

 532,556 

 940,177 

 1,472,733 

 242,846 

 06/09/06 

 12/15/05 

 300 

 Hinesville 

 GA 

 None 

 172,611 

 383,376 

 23,850 

 18,118 

 172,611 

 425,344 

 597,955 

 401,098 

 12/22/87 

 300 

 Coeur D’Alene 

 ID 

 None 

 165,900 

 368,468 

 None 

 None 

 165,900 

 368,468 

 534,368 

 368,468 

 09/21/87 

 300 

 Quincy 

 MA 

 None 

 289,121 

 539,719 

 50,595 

 15,595 

 289,121 

 605,909 

 895,030 

 117,471 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Blue Springs 

 MO 

 None 

 222,569 

 494,333 

 None 

 None 

 222,569 

 494,333 

 716,902 

 462,897 

 07/31/89 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 80,500 

 178,794 

 8,003 

 299 

 80,500 

 187,096 

 267,596 

 182,994 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Santa Fe 

 NM 

 None 

 70,000 

 155,473 

 None 

 295 

 70,000 

 155,768 

 225,768 

 155,768 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 214,737 

 85,425 

 25,900 

 5,335 

 214,737 

 116,660 

 331,397 

 36,492 

 09/17/04 

 300 

 Dublin 

 OH 

 None 

 2,399,969 

 17,044,099 

 None 

 None 

 2,399,969 

 17,044,099 

 19,444,068 

 1,221,494 

 03/31/11 

 300 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 None 

 385,199 

 716,468 

 None 

 None 

 385,199 

 716,468 

 1,101,667 

 139,711 

 02/01/08 

 300 

 Madison 

 WI 

 None 

 154,375 

 287,794 

 None 

 None 

 154,375 

 287,794 

 442,169 

 56,120 

 02/01/08 

 300 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 None 

 265,985 

 495,071 

 None 

 None 

 265,985 

 495,071 

 761,056 

 96,539 

 02/01/08 

 300 

 Food processing 

 Cedar Rapids 

 IA 

 29,307,500 

 1,784,980 

 36,815,951 

 None 

 None 

 1,784,980 

 36,815,951 

 38,600,931 

 429,519 

 09/26/12 

 300 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 8,779,966 

 3,112,401 

 32,725,202 

 None 

 147 

 3,112,401 

 32,725,349 

 35,837,750 

 1,909,012 

 07/13/11 

 300 

 Weldon Springs 

 MO 

 None 

 3,675,034 

 13,827,581 

 None 

 None 

 3,675,034 

 13,827,581 

 17,502,615 

 944,885 

 04/01/11 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 1,568,476 

 12,746,033 

 None 

 None 

 1,568,476 

 12,746,033 

 14,314,509 

 8,079 

 12/19/12 

 420 

 General merchandise 

 Canon City 

 CO 

 None 

 339,045 

 630,531 

 None 

 None 

 339,045 

 630,531 

 969,576 

 154,480 

 11/02/06 

 300 

 Monte Vista 

 CO 

 None 

 47,652 

 582,159 

 None 

 None 

 47,652 

 582,159 

 629,811 

 326,993 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Orange Park 

 FL 

 None 

 478,314 

 618,348 

 163,348 

 27,981 

 478,314 

 809,677 

 1,287,991 

 385,624 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Clarinda 

 IA 

 None 

 439,267 

 816,010 

 None 

 None 

 439,267 

 816,010 

 1,255,277 

 216,243 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Garnett 

 KS 

 None 

 59,690 

 518,121 

 None 

 None 

 59,690 

 518,121 

 577,811 

 291,025 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Hillsboro 

 KS 

 None 

 335,292 

 622,914 

 None 

 None 

 335,292 

 622,914 

 958,206 

 165,072 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Phillipsburg 

 KS 

 None 

 423,725 

 787,146 

 None 

 None 

 423,725 

 787,146 

 1,210,871 

 208,594 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Caledonia 

 MN 

 None 

 89,723 

 559,300 

 None 

 None 

 89,723 

 559,300 

 649,023 

 314,157 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Long Prarie 

 MN 

 None 

 88,892 

 553,997 

 None 

 None 

 88,892 

 553,997 

 642,889 

 311,176 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Paynesvile 

 MN 

 None 

 49,483 

 525,406 

 None 

 None 

 49,483 

 525,406 

 574,889 

 295,118 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Spring Valley 

 MN 

 None 

 69,785 

 579,238 

 None 

 None 

 69,785 

 579,238 

 649,023 

 325,356 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Warroad 

 MN 

 None 

 70,000 

 580,000 

 None 

 None 

 70,000 

 580,000 

 650,000 

 325,767 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Independence 

 MO 

 None 

 210,643 

 467,844 

 None 

 None 

 210,643 

 467,844 

 678,487 

 438,092 

 07/31/89 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 210,070 

 466,571 

 None 

 146 

 210,070 

 466,717 

 676,787 

 460,018 

 05/13/88 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 168,350 

 373,910 

 None 

 146 

 168,350 

 374,056 

 542,406 

 368,687 

 05/26/88 

 300 

 Willow Springs 

 MO 

 None 

 416,494 

 773,718 

 None 

 None 

 416,494 

 773,718 

 1,190,212 

 205,035 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 F-42 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Mayville 

 ND 

 None 

 59,333 

 565,562 

 None 

 None 

 59,333 

 565,562 

 624,895 

 317,689 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Ainsworth 

 NE 

 None 

 362,675 

 673,768 

 None 

 None 

 362,675 

 673,768 

 1,036,443 

 178,549 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Imperial 

 NE 

 None 

 388,599 

 721,914 

 None 

 None 

 388,599 

 721,914 

 1,110,513 

 188,901 

 06/28/06 

 300 

 Bloomfield 

 NM 

 None 

 59,559 

 616,252 

 None 

 None 

 59,559 

 616,252 

 675,811 

 346,142 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Milwaukie 

 OR 

 None 

 180,250 

 400,336 

 49,088 

 23,867 

 180,250 

 473,291 

 653,541 

 443,041 

 08/06/87 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 197,708 

 507,647 

 17,670 

 23,118 

 197,708 

 548,435 

 746,143 

 309,984 

 09/30/98 

 300 

 Amarillo 

 TX 

 None 

 140,000 

 419,734 

 None 

 173 

 140,000 

 419,907 

 559,907 

 407,871 

 09/12/88 

 300 

 Coleman 

 TX 

 None 

 243,060 

 451,661 

 None 

 None 

 243,060 

 451,661 

 694,721 

 119,690 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Colorado City 

 TX 

 None 

 92,535 

 505,276 

 None 

 None 

 92,535 

 505,276 

 597,811 

 283,810 

 12/23/98 

 300 

 Devine 

 TX 

 None 

 212,408 

 394,735 

 None 

 None 

 212,408 

 394,735 

 607,143 

 104,605 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Presidio 

 TX 

 None 

 407,657 

 757,362 

 None 

 None 

 407,657 

 757,362 

 1,165,019 

 200,701 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Winnsboro 

 TX 

 None 

 79,280 

 1,299,056 

 None 

 None 

 79,280 

 1,299,056 

 1,378,336 

 318,458 

 10/19/06 

 09/07/06 

 300 

 Yoakum 

 TX 

 None 

 390,147 

 724,821 

 None 

 None 

 390,147 

 724,821 

 1,114,968 

 192,078 

 05/25/06 

 300 

 Puyallup 

 WA 

 None 

 173,250 

 384,795 

 None 

 22,814 

 173,250 

 407,609 

 580,859 

 396,773 

 09/15/87 

 300 

 Redmond 

 WA 

 None 

 196,000 

 435,317 

 42,356 

 29,173 

 196,000 

 506,846 

 702,846 

 457,004 

 09/17/87 

 300 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 None 

 189,000 

 419,777 

 None 

 19,146 

 189,000 

 438,923 

 627,923 

 429,988 

 08/25/87 

 300 

 Grocery stores 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 807,252 

 1,499,183 

 None 

 None 

 807,252 

 1,499,183 

 2,306,435 

 62,466 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 664,796 

 1,234,621 

 None 

 None 

 664,796 

 1,234,621 

 1,899,417 

 51,443 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 546,083 

 1,014,153 

 None 

 None 

 546,083 

 1,014,153 

 1,560,236 

 42,256 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Yuma 

 AZ 

 None 

 783,510 

 1,455,089 

 None 

 None 

 783,510 

 1,455,089 

 2,238,599 

 60,629 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Buena Park 

 CA 

 None 

 2,136,844 

 3,968,425 

 None 

 None 

 2,136,844 

 3,968,425 

 6,105,269 

 165,351 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Burbank 

 CA 

 None 

 2,193,827 

 4,074,250 

 None 

 None 

 2,193,827 

 4,074,250 

 6,268,077 

 169,760 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Carson 

 CA 

 None 

 949,709 

 1,763,744 

 None 

 None 

 949,709 

 1,763,744 

 2,713,453 

 73,489 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 1,044,679 

 1,940,119 

 None 

 None 

 1,044,679 

 1,940,119 

 2,984,798 

 80,838 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Cloverdale 

 CA 

 None 

 1,505,000 

 2,795,321 

 None 

 None 

 1,505,000 

 2,795,321 

 4,300,321 

 1,038,927 

 09/30/03 

 300 

 El Centro 

 CA 

 None 

 394,903 

 733,392 

 None 

 None 

 394,903 

 733,392 

 1,128,295 

 30,558 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Fortuna 

 CA 

 None 

 1,190,000 

 2,210,308 

 None 

 None 

 1,190,000 

 2,210,308 

 3,400,308 

 821,498 

 09/30/03 

 300 

 Glendale 

 CA 

 None 

 3,270,797 

 6,074,336 

 None 

 None 

 3,270,797 

 6,074,336 

 9,345,133 

 253,097 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Hanford 

 CA 

 None 

 1,234,621 

 2,292,868 

 None 

 None 

 1,234,621 

 2,292,868 

 3,527,489 

 95,536 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Inglewood 

 CA 

 None 

 1,661,990 

 3,086,553 

 None 

 None 

 1,661,990 

 3,086,553 

 4,748,543 

 128,606 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 712,282 

 1,322,809 

 None 

 None 

 712,282 

 1,322,809 

 2,035,091 

 55,117 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 1,424,563 

 2,645,617 

 None 

 None 

 1,424,563 

 2,645,617 

 4,070,180 

 110,234 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 1,576,516 

 2,927,816 

 None 

 None 

 1,576,516 

 2,927,816 

 4,504,332 

 121,992 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 1,638,247 

 3,042,460 

 None 

 None 

 1,638,247 

 3,042,460 

 4,680,707 

 126,769 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 1,994,388 

 3,703,864 

 None 

 None 

 1,994,388 

 3,703,864 

 5,698,252 

 154,328 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 3,111,111 

 5,777,778 

 None 

 None 

 3,111,111 

 5,777,778 

 8,888,889 

 240,741 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Monrovia 

 CA 

 None 

 1,139,650 

 2,116,494 

 None 

 None 

 1,139,650 

 2,116,494 

 3,256,144 

 88,187 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 North Hollywood 

 CA 

 None 

 4,036,263 

 7,495,917 

 None 

 None 

 4,036,263 

 7,495,917 

 11,532,180 

 312,330 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Oakland 

 CA 

 None 

 2,374,272 

 4,409,361 

 None 

 None 

 2,374,272 

 4,409,361 

 6,783,633 

 183,723 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Pacoima 

 CA 

 None 

 949,709 

 1,763,744 

 None 

 None 

 949,709 

 1,763,744 

 2,713,453 

 73,489 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Pasadena 

 CA 

 None 

 2,113,102 

 3,924,331 

 None 

 None 

 2,113,102 

 3,924,331 

 6,037,433 

 163,514 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Redlands 

 CA 

 None 

 1,187,136 

 2,204,680 

 None 

 None 

 1,187,136 

 2,204,680 

 3,391,816 

 91,862 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Redondo Beach 

 CA 

 None 

 1,306,667 

 2,426,666 

 None 

 None 

 1,306,667 

 2,426,666 

 3,733,333 

 101,111 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 None 

 1,638,247 

 3,042,460 

 None 

 None 

 1,638,247 

 3,042,460 

 4,680,707 

 126,769 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Riverside 

 CA 

 None 

 1,068,422 

 1,984,213 

 None 

 None 

 1,068,422 

 1,984,213 

 3,052,635 

 82,676 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 759,767 

 1,410,995 

 None 

 None 

 759,767 

 1,410,995 

 2,170,762 

 58,791 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 1,139,650 

 2,116,494 

 None 

 None 

 1,139,650 

 2,116,494 

 3,256,144 

 88,187 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 F-43 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Salinas 

 CA 

 None 

 1,044,679 

 1,940,119 

 None 

 None 

 1,044,679 

 1,940,119 

 2,984,798 

 80,838 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 None 

 1,633,333 

 3,033,334 

 None 

 None 

 1,633,333 

 3,033,334 

 4,666,667 

 126,389 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 None 

 1,424,563 

 2,645,617 

 None 

 None 

 1,424,563 

 2,645,617 

 4,070,180 

 110,234 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Thousand Oaks 

 CA 

 None 

 2,018,131 

 3,747,957 

 None 

 None 

 2,018,131 

 3,747,957 

 5,766,088 

 156,165 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Boulder 

 CO 

 None 

 426,675 

 1,199,508 

 None 

 91,534 

 426,675 

 1,291,042 

 1,717,717 

 1,123,741 

 01/05/84 

 180 

 Brandon 

 FL 

 None 

 2,570,000 

 676,996 

 None 

 154 

 2,570,000 

 677,150 

 3,247,150 

 59,848 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 2,610,000 

 5,769,576 

 2,937 

 None 

 2,610,000 

 5,772,513 

 8,382,513 

 510,527 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Council Bluffs 

 IA 

 None 

 255,217 

 117,792 

 47,188 

 37 

 255,217 

 165,017 

 420,234 

 105,977 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Warsaw 

 IN 

 None 

 2,140,000 

 4,689,646 

 None 

 None 

 2,140,000 

 4,689,646 

 6,829,646 

 1,102,055 

 02/09/07 

 300 

 Reno 

 NV 

 None 

 456,000 

 562,344 

 19,733 

 30,746 

 456,000 

 612,823 

 1,068,823 

 587,986 

 05/26/88 

 300 

 Reno 

 NV 

 None 

 721,365 

 1,339,679 

 None 

 None 

 721,365 

 1,339,679 

 2,061,044 

 55,820 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Bartlesville 

 OK 

 None 

 1,650,000 

 1,573,823 

 1,000 

 None 

 1,650,000 

 1,574,823 

 3,224,823 

 139,201 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Norman 

 OK 

 None 

 1,580,000 

 1,900,618 

 1,000 

 None 

 1,580,000 

 1,901,618 

 3,481,618 

 168,068 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Norman 

 OK 

 None 

 3,000,000 

 2,474,669 

 1,000 

 None 

 3,000,000 

 2,475,669 

 5,475,669 

 218,657 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Stillwater 

 OK 

 None 

 2,590,000 

 2,472,123 

 1,000 

 None 

 2,590,000 

 2,473,123 

 5,063,123 

 218,551 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 1,550,000 

 203,990 

 None 

 None 

 1,550,000 

 203,990 

 1,753,990 

 18,019 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 2,000,000 

 753,609 

 None 

 None 

 2,000,000 

 753,609 

 2,753,609 

 66,569 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 1,850,000 

 1,785,277 

 None 

 None 

 1,850,000 

 1,785,277 

 3,635,277 

 157,699 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 1,700,000 

 978,092 

 None 

 None 

 1,700,000 

 978,092 

 2,678,092 

 86,398 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 2,900,000 

 1,197,386 

 None 

 None 

 2,900,000 

 1,197,386 

 4,097,386 

 105,769 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 3,000,000 

 3,485,618 

 1,000 

 None 

 3,000,000 

 3,486,618 

 6,486,618 

 308,076 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Central Point 

 OR 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,308 

 None 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,308 

 2,400,308 

 579,914 

 09/30/03 

 300 

 Pendleton 

 OR 

 None 

 546,083 

 1,014,153 

 None 

 None 

 546,083 

 1,014,153 

 1,560,236 

 42,256 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 OR 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,308 

 None 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,308 

 2,400,308 

 579,914 

 09/30/03 

 300 

 Rapid City 

 SD 

 None 

 2,140,000 

 1,465,451 

 None 

 None 

 2,140,000 

 1,465,451 

 3,605,451 

 129,448 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Richland 

 WA 

 None 

 1,756,961 

 3,262,927 

 None 

 None 

 1,756,961 

 3,262,927 

 5,019,888 

 135,955 

 12/21/11 

 300 

 Sheboygan 

 WI 

 None 

 1,513,216 

 4,427,968 

 18,817 

 172 

 1,513,216 

 4,446,957 

 5,960,173 

 2,378,686 

 06/03/99 

 08/24/98 

 300 

 Health and fitness 

 Paradise Valley 

 AZ 

 None 

 2,608,389 

 3,418,783 

 None 

 None 

 2,608,389 

 3,418,783 

 6,027,172 

 1,487,137 

 06/06/02 

 06/26/01 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 2,100,000 

 6,556,542 

 None 

 None 

 2,100,000 

 6,556,542 

 8,656,542 

 90,555 

 In-progress 

 06/29/11 

 300 

 Antioch 

 CA 

 None 

 5,375,000 

 9,982,143 

 None 

 None 

 5,375,000 

 9,982,143 

 15,357,143 

 515,744 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Bakersfield 

 CA 

 None 

 2,259,649 

 4,698,845 

 None 

 None 

 2,259,649 

 4,698,845 

 6,958,494 

 242,774 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Bakersfield 

 CA 

 None 

 3,260,933 

 6,056,019 

 None 

 None 

 3,260,933 

 6,056,019 

 9,316,952 

 312,894 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Ceres 

 CA 

 None 

 2,145,750 

 3,984,963 

 None 

 None 

 2,145,750 

 3,984,963 

 6,130,713 

 205,890 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 4,226,250 

 7,848,750 

 None 

 None 

 4,226,250 

 7,848,750 

 12,075,000 

 876,444 

 03/30/10 

 300 

 Diamond Bar 

 CA 

 None 

 3,038,879 

 5,494,141 

 None 

 882 

 3,038,879 

 5,495,023 

 8,533,902 

 2,344,638 

 03/21/00 

 09/29/98 

 300 

 Fairfield 

 CA 

 None 

 836,500 

 1,553,500 

 None 

 None 

 836,500 

 1,553,500 

 2,390,000 

 12,946 

 10/03/12 

 300 

 Los Banos 

 CA 

 None 

 1,378,343 

 2,559,779 

 None 

 None 

 1,378,343 

 2,559,779 

 3,938,122 

 132,255 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Merced 

 CA 

 None 

 910,000 

 1,690,000 

 None 

 None 

 910,000 

 1,690,000 

 2,600,000 

 14,083 

 10/03/12 

 300 

 Norco 

 CA 

 None 

 1,247,243 

 4,907,430 

 None 

 130 

 1,247,243 

 4,907,560 

 6,154,803 

 1,996,284 

 12/13/00 

 06/29/99 

 300 

 Shingle Springs 

 CA 

 None 

 1,575,000 

 2,925,000 

 None 

 None 

 1,575,000 

 2,925,000 

 4,500,000 

 24,375 

 10/03/12 

 300 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 None 

 2,320,442 

 4,309,392 

 None 

 None 

 2,320,442 

 4,309,392 

 6,629,834 

 222,652 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 None 

 1,602,459 

 2,975,994 

 None 

 None 

 1,602,459 

 2,975,994 

 4,578,453 

 153,760 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 None 

 509,091 

 945,454 

 None 

 None 

 509,091 

 945,454 

 1,454,545 

 11,030 

 09/28/12 

 300 

 Tracy 

 CA 

 None 

 556,906 

 1,034,254 

 None 

 None 

 556,906 

 1,034,254 

 1,591,160 

 53,436 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Tracy 

 CA 

 None 

 3,228,902 

 5,996,532 

 None 

 None 

 3,228,902 

 5,996,532 

 9,225,434 

 309,821 

 09/21/11 

 300 

 Vacaville 

 CA 

 None 

 1,575,000 

 2,925,000 

 None 

 None 

 1,575,000 

 2,925,000 

 4,500,000 

 24,375 

 10/03/12 

 300 

 Vallejo 

 CA 

 None 

 756,000 

 1,404,000 

 None 

 None 

 756,000 

 1,404,000 

 2,160,000 

 11,700 

 10/03/12 

 300 

 F-44 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Casselberry 

 FL 

 None 

 1,979,598 

 8,256,394 

 14,554 

 167,804 

 1,979,598 

 8,438,752 

 10,418,350 

 4,033,977 

 12/30/03 

 05/31/95 

 300 

 Hialeah 

 FL 

 None 

 2,104,393 

 3,910,500 

 None 

 None 

 2,104,393 

 3,910,500 

 6,014,893 

 905,916 

 03/26/07 

 300 

 Miami 

 FL 

 None 

 3,115,101 

 5,670,715 

 None 

 106 

 3,115,101 

 5,670,821 

 8,785,922 

 2,270,083 

 05/19/00 

 06/07/99 

 300 

 Oakland Park 

 FL 

 None 

 2,800,000 

 2,196,480 

 None 

 None 

 2,800,000 

 2,196,480 

 4,996,480 

 915,391 

 07/06/01 

 03/27/01 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 2,144,778 

 3,755,905 

 None 

 None 

 2,144,778 

 3,755,905 

 5,900,683 

 1,374,140 

 08/07/03 

 11/26/02 

 300 

 Pembroke Pines 

 FL 

 None 

 1,714,388 

 4,387,824 

 None 

 None 

 1,714,388 

 4,387,824 

 6,102,212 

 2,122,052 

 12/11/00 

 10/01/99 

 300 

 Sunrise 

 FL 

 None 

 2,850,000 

 3,601,884 

 None 

 None 

 2,850,000 

 3,601,884 

 6,451,884 

 318,166 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Alsip 

 IL 

 None 

 2,944,221 

 5,467,839 

 None 

 None 

 2,944,221 

 5,467,839 

 8,412,060 

 665,254 

 12/30/09 

 300 

 Bolinbrook 

 IL 

 None 

 3,010,512 

 8,161,186 

 None 

 None 

 3,010,512 

 8,161,186 

 11,171,698 

 1,654,518 

 10/26/07 

 01/24/07 

 300 

 Glendale Heights 

 IL 

 None 

 1,213,770 

 2,255,759 

 None 

 None 

 1,213,770 

 2,255,759 

 3,469,529 

 522,422 

 03/26/07 

 300 

 Waukegan 

 IL 

 None 

 2,961,951 

 5,500,766 

 None 

 None 

 2,961,951 

 5,500,766 

 8,462,717 

 669,260 

 12/30/09 

 300 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 None 

 3,675,000 

 6,825,000 

 None 

 None 

 3,675,000 

 6,825,000 

 10,500,000 

 762,125 

 03/29/10 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 3,008,186 

 6,999,881 

 None 

 None 

 3,008,186 

 6,999,881 

 10,008,067 

 1,577,589 

 03/20/07 

 08/03/06 

 300 

 Southport 

 IN 

 None 

 2,121,873 

 7,522,735 

 None 

 None 

 2,121,873 

 7,522,735 

 9,644,608 

 1,476,925 

 12/20/07 

 06/08/07 

 300 

 Florence 

 KY 

 None 

 850,000 

 9,465,367 

 None 

 None 

 850,000 

 9,465,367 

 10,315,367 

 47,327 

 11/30/12 

 300 

 Nottingham 

 MD 

 None 

 3,055,453 

 5,675,230 

 None 

 None 

 3,055,453 

 5,675,230 

 8,730,683 

 1,314,761 

 03/26/07 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 3,611,925 

 8,804,654 

 None 

 None 

 3,611,925 

 8,804,654 

 12,416,579 

 1,732,523 

 06/05/08 

 04/18/07 

 300 

 East Brunswick 

 NJ 

 None 

 1,654,529 

 3,073,912 

 None 

 None 

 1,654,529 

 3,073,912 

 4,728,441 

 722,368 

 02/16/07 

 300 

 Yonkers 

 NY 

 None 

 1,488,894 

 2,765,894 

 None 

 None 

 1,488,894 

 2,765,894 

 4,254,788 

 640,764 

 03/26/07 

 300 

 Beachwood 

 OH 

 None 

 1,504,354 

 2,794,305 

 None 

 151 

 1,504,354 

 2,794,456 

 4,298,810 

 656,699 

 02/16/07 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 0 

 6,087,055 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 6,087,055 

 6,087,055 

 23,485 

 11/30/12 

 300 

 Powell 

 OH 

 None 

 1,140,000 

 7,786,433 

 None 

 None 

 1,140,000 

 7,786,433 

 8,926,433 

 38,932 

 11/30/12 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 2,254,830 

 4,188,725 

 None 

 None 

 2,254,830 

 4,188,725 

 6,443,555 

 984,350 

 02/16/07 

 300 

 PIttsburgh 

 PA 

 None 

 4,420,799 

 5,543,009 

 None 

 None 

 4,420,799 

 5,543,009 

 9,963,808 

 227,443 

 09/01/11 

 01/12/11 

 300 

 Cypress 

 TX 

 None 

 1,417,377 

 5,696,789 

 None 

 None 

 1,417,377 

 5,696,789 

 7,114,166 

 1,490,579 

 05/15/06 

 09/14/05 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 5,293,733 

 6,555,637 

 None 

 None 

 5,293,733 

 6,555,637 

 11,849,370 

 1,653,261 

 08/04/06 

 11/09/05 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 1,445,901 

 5,277,886 

 None 

 None 

 1,445,901 

 5,277,886 

 6,723,787 

 2,653,633 

 06/02/00 

 06/30/99 

 300 

 Keller 

 TX 

 None 

 1,478,222 

 5,679,604 

 None 

 None 

 1,478,222 

 5,679,604 

 7,157,826 

 1,633,263 

 09/08/05 

 12/16/04 

 300 

 McKinney 

 TX 

 None 

 1,805,460 

 5,972,111 

 None 

 None 

 1,805,460 

 5,972,111 

 7,777,571 

 1,663,207 

 12/07/05 

 04/20/05 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 3,178,115 

 5,832,224 

 None 

 None 

 3,178,115 

 5,832,224 

 9,010,339 

 1,624,446 

 12/06/05 

 04/22/05 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 1,120,000 

 2,075,196 

 None 

 None 

 1,120,000 

 2,075,196 

 3,195,196 

 287,069 

 07/29/09 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 1,200,000 

 2,489,568 

 None 

 None 

 1,200,000 

 2,489,568 

 3,689,568 

 344,390 

 07/29/09 

 300 

 Kent 

 WA 

 None 

 4,086,250 

 7,588,750 

 None 

 None 

 4,086,250 

 7,588,750 

 11,675,000 

 923,298 

 12/21/09 

 300 

 Home furnishings 

 Little Rock 

 AR 

 None 

 1,079,232 

 2,594,956 

 132,816 

 13,503 

 1,079,232 

 2,741,275 

 3,820,507 

 1,550,097 

 07/21/98 

 300 

 Osceola 

 AR 

 None 

 88,759 

 520,047 

 4,083 

 None 

 88,759 

 524,130 

 612,889 

 305,597 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Wynne 

 AR 

 None 

 70,000 

 547,576 

 58,039 

 2,024 

 70,000 

 607,639 

 677,639 

 332,543 

 11/10/98 

 02/24/99 

 300 

 Jackson 

 CA 

 None 

 300,000 

 390,849 

 6,775 

 8,819 

 300,000 

 406,443 

 706,443 

 395,327 

 05/17/88 

 300 

 Danbury 

 CT 

 None 

 643,736 

 3,621,163 

 122,847 

 121,625 

 643,736 

 3,865,635 

 4,509,371 

 2,269,408 

 09/30/97 

 300 

 Brandon 

 FL 

 None 

 430,000 

 1,020,608 

 None 

 218 

 430,000 

 1,020,826 

 1,450,826 

 593,796 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Ocala 

 FL 

 None 

 339,690 

 543,504 

 None 

 25,254 

 339,690 

 568,758 

 908,448 

 369,711 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 685,000 

 885,624 

 None 

 218 

 685,000 

 885,842 

 1,570,842 

 515,280 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 494,763 

 767,737 

 71,880 

 233 

 494,763 

 839,850 

 1,334,613 

 503,173 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 West Palm Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 347,651 

 706,081 

 69,111 

 233 

 347,651 

 775,425 

 1,123,076 

 429,030 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Rome 

 GA 

 None 

 254,902 

 486,812 

 32,783 

 499 

 254,902 

 520,094 

 774,996 

 316,533 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Davenport 

 IA 

 None 

 270,000 

 930,689 

 None 

 146 

 270,000 

 930,835 

 1,200,835 

 541,494 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Joliet 

 IL 

 None 

 440,000 

 910,689 

 None 

 338 

 440,000 

 911,027 

 1,351,027 

 529,892 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 180,628 

 653,162 

 100,170 

 15,352 

 180,628 

 768,684 

 949,312 

 480,634 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 F-45 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 185,955 

 413,014 

 31,870 

 8,629 

 185,955 

 453,513 

 639,468 

 423,304 

 05/13/88 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 430,000 

 740,725 

 None 

 146 

 430,000 

 740,871 

 1,170,871 

 430,999 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 LA 

 None 

 400,000 

 810,608 

 None 

 168 

 400,000 

 810,776 

 1,210,776 

 471,558 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Monroe 

 LA 

 None 

 450,000 

 835,608 

 None 

 None 

 450,000 

 835,608 

 1,285,608 

 486,043 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 525,000 

 725,642 

 None 

 73 

 525,000 

 725,715 

 1,250,715 

 422,097 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Battle Creek 

 MI 

 None 

 485,000 

 895,689 

 None 

 265 

 485,000 

 895,954 

 1,380,954 

 521,143 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Eden Prairie 

 MN 

 None 

 500,502 

 1,055,244 

 None 

 None 

 500,502 

 1,055,244 

 1,555,746 

 585,624 

 03/01/99 

 300 

 Gulfport 

 MS 

 None 

 299,464 

 502,326 

 49,988 

 16,923 

 299,464 

 569,237 

 868,701 

 356,426 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Hattiesburg 

 MS 

 None 

 300,000 

 660,608 

 None 

 168 

 300,000 

 660,776 

 960,776 

 384,308 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Ridgeland 

 MS 

 None 

 281,867 

 769,890 

 None 

 36 

 281,867 

 769,926 

 1,051,793 

 478,534 

 06/27/97 

 300 

 Matthews 

 NC 

 None 

 768,222 

 843,401 

 46,414 

 38,052 

 768,222 

 927,867 

 1,696,089 

 511,031 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Dayton 

 OH 

 None 

 401,723 

 698,872 

 13,435 

 11,200 

 401,723 

 723,507 

 1,125,230 

 419,389 

 06/29/98 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 OH 

 None 

 250,000 

 830,689 

 None 

 319 

 250,000 

 831,008 

 1,081,008 

 483,455 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Altoona 

 PA 

 None 

 455,000 

 745,694 

 None 

 None 

 455,000 

 745,694 

 1,200,694 

 433,743 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Erie 

 PA 

 None 

 510,000 

 900,689 

 None 

 None 

 510,000 

 900,689 

 1,410,689 

 523,899 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Pennsdale 

 PA 

 None 

 315,000 

 835,648 

 None 

 None 

 315,000 

 835,648 

 1,150,648 

 486,066 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Whitehall 

 PA 

 None 

 515,525 

 1,146,868 

 None 

 457 

 515,525 

 1,147,325 

 1,662,850 

 667,550 

 06/30/98 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 600,000 

 900,725 

 None 

 724 

 600,000 

 901,449 

 1,501,449 

 524,381 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Jackson 

 TN 

 None 

 381,076 

 857,261 

 35,685 

 16,534 

 381,076 

 909,480 

 1,290,556 

 545,785 

 09/26/97 

 300 

 Jackson 

 TN 

 None 

 380,000 

 750,608 

 None 

 82 

 380,000 

 750,690 

 1,130,690 

 436,658 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 804,262 

 1,432,520 

 35,328 

 223 

 804,262 

 1,468,071 

 2,272,333 

 903,740 

 06/30/97 

 300 

 Abilene 

 TX 

 None 

 400,000 

 680,616 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 680,616 

 1,080,616 

 395,889 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Cedar Park 

 TX 

 None 

 253,591 

 827,237 

 21,887 

 3,052 

 253,591 

 852,176 

 1,105,767 

 527,284 

 03/26/97 

 300 

 Plainview 

 TX 

 None 

 125,000 

 734,558 

 40,000 

 None 

 125,000 

 774,558 

 899,558 

 505,022 

 01/24/84 

 180 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 323,451 

 637,991 

 47,914 

 115 

 323,451 

 686,020 

 1,009,471 

 406,331 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Webster 

 TX 

 None 

 283,604 

 538,002 

 2,470 

 354 

 283,604 

 540,826 

 824,430 

 336,570 

 06/13/97 

 300 

 Pasco 

 WA 

 None 

 161,700 

 359,142 

 56,707 

 14,444 

 161,700 

 430,293 

 591,993 

 393,114 

 08/18/87 

 300 

 Eau Claire 

 WI 

 None 

 260,000 

 820,689 

 None 

 357 

 260,000 

 821,046 

 1,081,046 

 477,532 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 La Crosse 

 WI 

 None 

 372,883 

 877,812 

 None 

 395 

 372,883 

 878,207 

 1,251,090 

 510,764 

 06/26/98 

 300 

 Home improvement 

 Lawndale 

 CA 

 None 

 667,007 

 1,238,841 

 None 

 None 

 667,007 

 1,238,841 

 1,905,848 

 695,814 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 902,494 

 1,676,204 

 None 

 31 

 902,494 

 1,676,235 

 2,578,729 

 941,473 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Los Angeles 

 CA 

 None 

 163,668 

 304,097 

 None 

 78 

 163,668 

 304,175 

 467,843 

 170,876 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Van Nuys 

 CA 

 None 

 750,293 

 1,393,545 

 None 

 None 

 750,293 

 1,393,545 

 2,143,838 

 782,705 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 West Covina 

 CA 

 None 

 311,040 

 577,733 

 None 

 54 

 311,040 

 577,787 

 888,827 

 324,494 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Broadview 

 IL 

 None 

 345,166 

 641,739 

 None 

 94 

 345,166 

 641,833 

 986,999 

 360,467 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Lenexa 

 KS 

 None 

 1,051,077 

 1,952,233 

 None 

 None 

 1,051,077 

 1,952,233 

 3,003,310 

 543,372 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Lenexa 

 KS 

 None 

 3,688,591 

 6,850,770 

 None 

 None 

 3,688,591 

 6,850,770 

 10,539,361 

 1,906,798 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Baltimore 

 MD 

 None 

 171,320 

 318,882 

 None 

 86 

 171,320 

 318,968 

 490,288 

 179,175 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Blue Springs 

 MO 

 None 

 870,071 

 1,616,080 

 None 

 None 

 870,071 

 1,616,080 

 2,486,151 

 449,809 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Chillicothe 

 MO 

 None 

 804,948 

 1,495,138 

 None 

 None 

 804,948 

 1,495,138 

 2,300,086 

 416,147 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Columbia 

 MO 

 None 

 2,039,436 

 3,787,757 

 None 

 30 

 2,039,436 

 3,787,787 

 5,827,223 

 1,054,282 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Columbia 

 MO 

 None 

 1,080,521 

 2,006,915 

 None 

 None 

 1,080,521 

 2,006,915 

 3,087,436 

 558,591 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Fulton 

 MO 

 None 

 791,603 

 1,470,353 

 None 

 None 

 791,603 

 1,470,353 

 2,261,956 

 409,248 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Jefferson City 

 MO 

 None 

 1,481,299 

 2,751,217 

 None 

 None 

 1,481,299 

 2,751,217 

 4,232,516 

 765,756 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Kirksville 

 MO 

 None 

 1,421,788 

 2,640,696 

 None 

 None 

 1,421,788 

 2,640,696 

 4,062,484 

 734,994 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Macon 

 MO 

 None 

 493,394 

 916,537 

 None 

 None 

 493,394 

 916,537 

 1,409,931 

 255,103 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 F-46 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Moberly 

 MO 

 None 

 1,293,387 

 2,402,283 

 None 

 None 

 1,293,387 

 2,402,283 

 3,695,670 

 668,634 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 1,515,773 

 2,816,678 

 None 

 32 

 1,515,773 

 2,816,710 

 4,332,483 

 783,980 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Rochester 

 NY 

 None 

 158,168 

 294,456 

 None 

 None 

 158,168 

 294,456 

 452,624 

 165,397 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Carrollton 

 TX 

 None 

 201,569 

 374,342 

 None 

 102 

 201,569 

 374,444 

 576,013 

 135,390 

 12/05/03 

 300 

 Midland 

 TX 

 None 

 1,590,052 

 2,953,473 

 None 

 None 

 1,590,052 

 2,953,473 

 4,543,525 

 822,050 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Odessa 

 TX 

 None 

 1,346,834 

 2,501,783 

 None 

 None 

 1,346,834 

 2,501,783 

 3,848,617 

 696,330 

 01/06/06 

 300 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 None 

 147,535 

 274,521 

 None 

 128 

 147,535 

 274,649 

 422,184 

 154,230 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 363,851 

 676,249 

 None 

 102 

 363,851 

 676,351 

 1,040,202 

 379,832 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 367,890 

 683,750 

 None 

 None 

 367,890 

 683,750 

 1,051,640 

 384,042 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Chesapeake 

 VA 

 None 

 144,014 

 649,869 

 None 

 11,754 

 144,014 

 661,623 

 805,637 

 658,842 

 12/22/86 

 300 

 Windsor Heights 

 IA 

 None 

 225,771 

 682,604 

 None 

 73 

 225,771 

 682,677 

 908,448 

 381,120 

 01/29/99 

 300 

 Insurance 

 Cedar Falls 

 IA 

 None 

 634,343 

 6,331,030 

 None 

 None 

 634,343 

 6,331,030 

 6,965,373 

 94,965 

 08/28/12 

 300 

 Machinery 

 Tomah 

 WI 

 None 

 1,630,917 

 12,938,430 

 None 

 None 

 1,630,917 

 12,938,430 

 14,569,347 

 237,205 

 07/31/12 

 300 

 Motor vehicle dealerships 

 Robertsdale 

 AL 

 None 

 3,026,015 

 6,117,490 

 None 

 None 

 3,026,015 

 6,117,490 

 9,143,505 

 1,471,059 

 01/29/07 

 04/07/06 

 300 

 Longmont 

 CO 

 None 

 2,502,092 

 6,906,609 

 None 

 115 

 2,502,092 

 6,906,724 

 9,408,816 

 2,313,771 

 08/25/04 

 300 

 Gulf Breeze 

 FL 

 None 

 3,518,413 

 905,480 

 None 

 None 

 3,518,413 

 905,480 

 4,423,893 

 242,970 

 04/07/06 

 300 

 Woodstock 

 GA 

 None 

 2,509,102 

 2,509,993 

 None 

 None 

 2,509,102 

 2,509,993 

 5,019,095 

 723,715 

 10/25/05 

 300 

 Island Lake 

 IL 

 None 

 2,107,134 

 6,383,412 

 None 

 None 

 2,107,134 

 6,383,412 

 8,490,546 

 1,934,534 

 12/31/04 

 300 

 Colfax 

 NC 

 None 

 1,125,979 

 2,196,033 

 None 

 None 

 1,125,979 

 2,196,033 

 3,322,012 

 703,976 

 12/31/04 

 300 

 Statesville 

 NC 

 None 

 2,353,825 

 4,159,653 

 None 

 None 

 2,353,825 

 4,159,653 

 6,513,478 

 1,309,772 

 05/13/04 

 300 

 Chichester 

 NH 

 None 

 578,314 

 4,546,307 

 None 

 None 

 578,314 

 4,546,307 

 5,124,621 

 1,445,431 

 10/01/04 

 300 

 Churchville 

 NY 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 5,755,166 

 None 

 None 

 1,000,000 

 5,755,166 

 6,755,166 

 1,511,709 

 06/06/06 

 03/23/06 

 300 

 Green 

 OH 

 None 

 715,953 

 554,589 

 None 

 None 

 715,953 

 554,589 

 1,270,542 

 162,187 

 02/13/06 

 01/19/05 

 300 

 Hillsboro 

 OR 

 None 

 1,611,084 

 1,936,755 

 None 

 None 

 1,611,084 

 1,936,755 

 3,547,839 

 487,417 

 09/01/06 

 300 

 Woods Village 

 OR 

 None 

 3,822,277 

 5,687,110 

 None 

 None 

 3,822,277 

 5,687,110 

 9,509,387 

 1,366,700 

 09/01/06 

 300 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 None 

 4,099,824 

 2,081,997 

 (1,800,804) 

 None 

 2,299,020 

 2,081,997 

 4,381,017 

 648,774 

 07/28/00 

 03/03/05 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 2,100,000 

 3,900,895 

 None 

 None 

 2,100,000 

 3,900,895 

 6,000,895 

 773,676 

 01/31/08 

 300 

 Garland 

 TX 

 None 

 3,233,329 

 12,064,417 

 500 

 None 

 3,233,329 

 12,064,917 

 15,298,246 

 60,326 

 11/19/12 

 300 

 Katy 

 TX 

 None 

 1,347,454 

 8,564,135 

 None 

 None 

 1,347,454 

 8,564,135 

 9,911,589 

 2,447,819 

 10/28/05 

 01/25/05 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 4,337,454 

 7,312,625 

 500 

 None 

 4,337,454 

 7,313,125 

 11,650,579 

 12,192 

 12/13/12 

 300 

 Office supplies 

 Lakewood 

 CA 

 None 

 1,398,387 

 3,098,607 

 None 

 10,284 

 1,398,387 

 3,108,891 

 4,507,278 

 1,978,771 

 01/29/97 

 300 

 Riverside 

 CA 

 None 

 1,410,177 

 1,659,850 

 None 

 None 

 1,410,177 

 1,659,850 

 3,070,027 

 1,015,209 

 09/17/97 

 300 

 Casselberry 

 FL 

 None 

 0 

 1,277,112 

 66,856 

 None 

 0 

 1,343,968 

 1,343,968 

 365,160 

 07/14/05 

 01/25/05 

 300 

 Hutchinson 

 KS 

 None 

 269,964 

 1,704,013 

 62,362 

 None 

 269,964 

 1,766,375 

 2,036,339 

 1,085,989 

 06/25/97 

 300 

 Salina 

 KS 

 None 

 240,423 

 1,829,837 

 82,815 

 None 

 240,423 

 1,912,652 

 2,153,075 

 1,168,538 

 06/25/97 

 300 

 Sikeston 

 MO 

 None 

 409,114 

 2,005,416 

 None 

 None 

 409,114 

 2,005,416 

 2,414,530 

 879,028 

 01/24/02 

 300 

 Helena 

 MT 

 None 

 564,241 

 1,503,118 

 23,911 

 None 

 564,241 

 1,527,029 

 2,091,270 

 949,243 

 06/09/97 

 300 

 Asheboro 

 NC 

 None 

 465,557 

 2,176,416 

 21,418 

 340 

 465,557 

 2,198,174 

 2,663,731 

 1,309,159 

 03/27/98 

 300 

 Westbury 

 NY 

 None 

 3,808,076 

 2,377,932 

 7,206 

 338,968 

 3,808,076 

 2,724,106 

 6,532,182 

 1,507,115 

 09/29/97 

 300 

 New Philadelphia 

 OH 

 None 

 726,636 

 1,650,672 

 29,340 

 114 

 726,636 

 1,680,126 

 2,406,762 

 1,036,957 

 05/30/97 

 300 

 F-47 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Edmond 

 OK 

 None 

 1,390,000 

 3,009,650 

 8,201 

 None 

 1,390,000 

 3,017,851 

 4,407,851 

 267,988 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Packaging 

 Lewisburg 

 OH 

 4,068,728 

 641,174 

 11,787,510 

 None 

 None 

 641,174 

 11,787,510 

 12,428,684 

 98,229 

 10/19/12 

 300 

 Raphine 

 VA 

 23,625,000 

 2,679,884 

 21,236,904 

 None 

 None 

 2,679,884 

 21,236,904 

 23,916,788 

 1,309,609 

 06/03/11 

 300 

 Wytheville 

 VA 

 29,510,193 

 2,175,524 

 33,138,859 

 None 

 None 

 2,175,524 

 33,138,859 

 35,314,383 

 165,694 

 11/29/12 

 300 

 Paper 

 Marianna 

 FL 

 None 

 1,473,182 

 6,930,359 

 None 

 None 

 1,473,182 

 6,930,359 

 8,403,541 

 450,473 

 05/02/11 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 6,882,769 

 989,232 

 5,004,326 

 None 

 None 

 989,232 

 5,004,326 

 5,993,558 

 5,958 

 12/21/12 

 420 

 Pet supplies and services 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 361,058 

 1,591,629 

 None 

 None 

 361,058 

 1,591,629 

 1,952,687 

 829,418 

 01/27/99 

 09/29/98 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 495,412 

 1,526,370 

 None 

 None 

 495,412 

 1,526,370 

 2,021,782 

 778,756 

 05/28/99 

 09/29/98 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 427,000 

 1,296,901 

 None 

 None 

 427,000 

 1,296,901 

 1,723,901 

 655,742 

 03/10/00 

 01/19/99 

 300 

 Sudbury 

 MA 

 None 

 543,038 

 2,477,213 

 None 

 None 

 543,038 

 2,477,213 

 3,020,251 

 1,233,546 

 11/12/99 

 09/30/98 

 300 

 Tyngsborough 

 MA 

 None 

 312,204 

 1,222,522 

 None 

 None 

 312,204 

 1,222,522 

 1,534,726 

 711,093 

 06/12/98 

 300 

 Warren 

 MI 

 None 

 356,348 

 903,351 

 155,408 

 31,687 

 356,348 

 1,090,446 

 1,446,794 

 595,004 

 01/09/98 

 300 

 Matthews 

 NC 

 None 

 610,177 

 1,394,743 

 83,465 

 None 

 610,177 

 1,478,208 

 2,088,385 

 812,852 

 07/17/98 

 300 

 North Plainfield 

 NJ 

 None 

 985,430 

 1,590,447 

 None 

 None 

 985,430 

 1,590,447 

 2,575,877 

 841,197 

 09/24/98 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 684,036 

 874,914 

 305,425 

 21,585 

 684,036 

 1,201,924 

 1,885,960 

 670,828 

 12/31/98 

 300 

 Franklin 

 OH 

 None 

 337,572 

 777,943 

 41,328 

 22,715 

 337,572 

 841,986 

 1,179,558 

 486,430 

 12/30/97 

 300 

 Maineville 

 OH 

 None 

 173,105 

 384,468 

 24,215 

 12,804 

 173,105 

 421,487 

 594,592 

 397,028 

 03/06/87 

 300 

 Dickson City 

 PA 

 None 

 659,790 

 1,880,722 

 5,396 

 34 

 659,790 

 1,886,152 

 2,545,942 

 1,173,445 

 06/20/97 

 300 

 Mt Pleasant 

 SC 

 None 

 40,700 

 180,400 

 42,905 

 19,091 

 40,700 

 242,396 

 283,096 

 203,225 

 12/22/81 

 180 

 Clarksville 

 TN 

 None 

 290,775 

 395,870 

 None 

 340 

 290,775 

 396,210 

 686,985 

 255,476 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Restaurants - casual dining 

 Boaz 

 AL 

 None 

 829,001 

 1,541,245 

 480 

 7,213 

 829,001 

 1,548,938 

 2,377,939 

 377,844 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Enterprise 

 AL 

 None 

 840,946 

 1,563,474 

 None 

 None 

 840,946 

 1,563,474 

 2,404,420 

 383,050 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Fort Payne 

 AL 

 None 

 814,113 

 1,513,596 

 None 

 None 

 814,113 

 1,513,596 

 2,327,709 

 370,830 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Gadsden 

 AL 

 None 

 851,124 

 1,582,332 

 24,859 

 25,239 

 851,124 

 1,632,430 

 2,483,554 

 393,290 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 826,840 

 1,537,233 

 (1,149,285) 

 24 

 826,840 

 387,972 

 1,214,812 

 384,812 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 811,599 

 1,508,927 

 None 

 None 

 811,599 

 1,508,927 

 2,320,526 

 369,686 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sylacauga 

 AL 

 None 

 801,413 

 1,490,012 

 19,613 

 108 

 801,413 

 1,509,733 

 2,311,146 

 373,418 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Conway 

 AR 

 None 

 941,465 

 1,750,100 

 None 

 148 

 941,465 

 1,750,248 

 2,691,713 

 428,796 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 El Dorado 

 AR 

 None 

 907,534 

 1,687,608 

 None 

 20,759 

 907,534 

 1,708,367 

 2,615,901 

 415,428 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Russellville 

 AR 

 None 

 864,497 

 1,607,158 

 3,841 

 20,378 

 864,497 

 1,631,377 

 2,495,874 

 396,391 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 None 

 624,761 

 895,976 

 None 

 51,014 

 624,761 

 946,990 

 1,571,751 

 625,794 

 03/06/96 

 300 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 None 

 1,511,430 

 3,264,231 

 None 

 62 

 1,511,430 

 3,264,293 

 4,775,723 

 791,731 

 11/06/06 

 05/16/06 

 300 

 Goodyear 

 AZ 

 None 

 794,360 

 1,274,445 

 None 

 None 

 794,360 

 1,274,445 

 2,068,805 

 319,800 

 02/23/06 

 04/08/05 

 300 

 Surprise 

 AZ 

 None 

 681,288 

 1,008,310 

 None 

 None 

 681,288 

 1,008,310 

 1,689,598 

 316,385 

 09/29/04 

 04/16/04 

 300 

 San Dimas 

 CA 

 None 

 240,562 

 445,521 

 46,026 

 2,690 

 240,562 

 494,237 

 734,799 

 472,321 

 03/12/81 

 180 

 Denver 

 CO 

 None 

 540,250 

 1,132,450 

 None 

 None 

 540,250 

 1,132,450 

 1,672,700 

 361,819 

 07/29/04 

 03/29/04 

 300 

 Lakewood 

 CO 

 None 

 1,606,511 

 5,865 

 None 

 None 

 1,606,511 

 5,865 

 1,612,376 

 1,966 

 07/26/06 

 12/31/02 

 300 

 Parker 

 CO 

 None 

 778,054 

 1,148,443 

 None 

 13,629 

 778,054 

 1,162,072 

 1,940,126 

 349,925 

 06/10/05 

 02/23/05 

 300 

 Cromwell 

 CT 

 None 

 531,861 

 989,638 

 None 

 None 

 531,861 

 989,638 

 1,521,499 

 199,572 

 12/19/07 

 300 

 Danbury 

 CT 

 None 

 548,459 

 284,639 

 None 

 None 

 548,459 

 284,639 

 833,098 

 125,714 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 F-48 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 East Windsor 

 CT 

 None 

 0 

 1,235,134 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,235,134 

 1,235,134 

 265,531 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Manchester 

 CT 

 None 

 0 

 1,353,727 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,353,727 

 1,353,727 

 291,029 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 New Milford 

 CT 

 None 

 0 

 705,127 

 None 

 221 

 0 

 705,348 

 705,348 

 151,593 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Norwich 

 CT 

 None 

 644,000 

 1,198,741 

 None 

 None 

 644,000 

 1,198,741 

 1,842,741 

 257,712 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Plainville 

 CT 

 None 

 0 

 1,452,933 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,452,933 

 1,452,933 

 312,358 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Torrington 

 CT 

 None 

 504,167 

 939,051 

 1,552 

 331 

 504,167 

 940,934 

 1,445,101 

 202,109 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Unionville 

 CT 

 None 

 167,740 

 316,672 

 None 

 None 

 167,740 

 316,672 

 484,412 

 139,862 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Waterbury 

 CT 

 None 

 521,021 

 705,163 

 None 

 None 

 521,021 

 705,163 

 1,226,184 

 311,446 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 West Haven 

 CT 

 None 

 540,663 

 1,006,829 

 2,488 

 202 

 540,663 

 1,009,519 

 1,550,182 

 216,472 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Windsor Locks 

 CT 

 None 

 844,967 

 1,571,965 

 None 

 None 

 844,967 

 1,571,965 

 2,416,932 

 337,955 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Casselberry 

 FL 

 None 

 403,900 

 897,075 

 2,816 

 223 

 403,900 

 900,114 

 1,304,014 

 825,971 

 12/29/89 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 1,451,180 

 658,461 

 25,752 

 23,207 

 1,451,180 

 707,420 

 2,158,600 

 193,464 

 08/04/06 

 05/09/06 

 300 

 Land O’ Lakes 

 FL 

 None 

 770,136 

 1,190,937 

 None 

 None 

 770,136 

 1,190,937 

 1,961,073 

 328,196 

 10/21/05 

 03/24/05 

 300 

 Melbourne 

 FL 

 None 

 0 

 790,083 

 500 

 145 

 0 

 790,728 

 790,728 

 197,749 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 New Port Richey 

 FL 

 None 

 929,402 

 1,459,392 

 56,969 

 32,400 

 929,402 

 1,548,761 

 2,478,163 

 386,638 

 11/13/06 

 08/01/06 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 230,000 

 1,066,339 

 None 

 None 

 230,000 

 1,066,339 

 1,296,339 

 1,066,339 

 11/18/85 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 1,135,310 

 1,306,940 

 None 

 18,336 

 1,135,310 

 1,325,276 

 2,460,586 

 308,876 

 01/10/07 

 06/30/06 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,367,891 

 None 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,367,891 

 2,102,891 

 294,079 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 0 

 790,583 

 24,406 

 38,527 

 0 

 853,516 

 853,516 

 175,835 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Americus 

 GA 

 None 

 709,624 

 1,319,578 

 71,622 

 3,036 

 709,624 

 1,394,236 

 2,103,860 

 326,694 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 827,895 

 1,539,237 

 None 

 240 

 827,895 

 1,539,477 

 2,367,372 

 377,156 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 GA 

 None 

 952,660 

 1,770,931 

 121,617 

 13,747 

 952,660 

 1,906,295 

 2,858,955 

 435,047 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lagrange 

 GA 

 None 

 853,599 

 1,586,959 

 4,080 

 240 

 853,599 

 1,591,279 

 2,444,878 

 388,885 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lithonia 

 GA 

 None 

 89,220 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 89,220 

 - 

 89,220 

 - 

 01/04/85 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 827,707 

 1,538,875 

 115,596 

 8,383 

 827,707 

 1,662,854 

 2,490,561 

 382,339 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Savannah 

 GA 

 None 

 719,188 

 1,337,352 

 5,330 

 240 

 719,188 

 1,342,922 

 2,062,110 

 327,736 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Snellville 

 GA 

 None 

 710,600 

 1,321,389 

 64,999 

 882 

 710,600 

 1,387,270 

 2,097,870 

 343,474 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Statesboro 

 GA 

 None 

 926,462 

 1,722,290 

 None 

 240 

 926,462 

 1,722,530 

 2,648,992 

 422,004 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Stone Mountain 

 GA 

 None 

 215,940 

 1,001,188 

 63,626 

 None 

 215,940 

 1,064,814 

 1,280,754 

 1,053,316 

 10/30/86 

 300 

 Thomasville 

 GA 

 None 

 894,504 

 1,662,939 

 87,387 

 13,335 

 894,504 

 1,763,661 

 2,658,165 

 410,960 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Valdosta 

 GA 

 None 

 901,658 

 1,676,225 

 4,820 

 30,696 

 901,658 

 1,711,741 

 2,613,399 

 413,111 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Warner Robins 

 GA 

 None 

 896,841 

 1,667,267 

 112,087 

 349 

 896,841 

 1,779,703 

 2,676,544 

 411,224 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Waycross 

 GA 

 None 

 956,765 

 1,778,566 

 None 

 536 

 956,765 

 1,779,102 

 2,735,867 

 435,836 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Altoona 

 IA 

 None 

 654,179 

 1,285,639 

 None 

 None 

 654,179 

 1,285,639 

 1,939,818 

 380,921 

 06/11/05 

 12/30/04 

 300 

 Ankeny 

 IA 

 None 

 100,000 

 349,218 

 25,075 

 None 

 100,000 

 374,293 

 474,293 

 373,039 

 07/28/83 

 180 

 Burlington 

 IA 

 None 

 653,057 

 1,214,571 

 480 

 7 

 653,057 

 1,215,058 

 1,868,115 

 297,591 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Cedar Rapids 

 IA 

 None 

 822,331 

 1,528,939 

 None 

 None 

 822,331 

 1,528,939 

 2,351,270 

 374,589 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Clive 

 IA 

 None 

 840,697 

 1,563,046 

 None 

 None 

 840,697 

 1,563,046 

 2,403,743 

 382,945 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Nampa 

 ID 

 None 

 74,156 

 343,820 

 28,206 

 127 

 74,156 

 372,153 

 446,309 

 345,587 

 12/31/86 

 300 

 Rexburg 

 ID 

 None 

 90,760 

 420,787 

 59,798 

 None 

 90,760 

 480,585 

 571,345 

 425,403 

 11/25/85 

 300 

 Alton 

 IL 

 None 

 225,785 

 419,315 

 None 

 None 

 225,785 

 419,315 

 645,100 

 405,848 

 10/18/88 

 300 

 Champaign 

 IL 

 None 

 805,888 

 1,498,402 

 None 

 400 

 805,888 

 1,498,802 

 2,304,690 

 367,428 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Effingham 

 IL 

 None 

 783,528 

 1,456,874 

 None 

 None 

 783,528 

 1,456,874 

 2,240,402 

 356,933 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Marion 

 IL 

 None 

 831,323 

 1,545,566 

 None 

 None 

 831,323 

 1,545,566 

 2,376,889 

 378,663 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Moline 

 IL 

 None 

 781,044 

 1,452,262 

 None 

 None 

 781,044 

 1,452,262 

 2,233,306 

 355,803 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Mt Vernon 

 IL 

 None 

 883,110 

 1,641,741 

 None 

 None 

 883,110 

 1,641,741 

 2,524,851 

 402,225 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Oswego 

 IL 

 None 

 953,394 

 1,208,677 

 1,988 

 32,452 

 953,394 

 1,243,117 

 2,196,511 

 352,784 

 06/15/05 

 06/24/05 

 300 

 Peoria 

 IL 

 None 

 662,460 

 1,060,577 

 14,651 

 24,139 

 662,460 

 1,099,367 

 1,761,827 

 352,761 

 10/13/04 

 06/15/04 

 300 

 F-49 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Springfield 

 IL 

 None 

 846,830 

 1,574,436 

 10,480 

 15,789 

 846,830 

 1,600,705 

 2,447,535 

 386,924 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Swansea 

 IL 

 None 

 890,625 

 1,655,743 

 167,458 

 22,030 

 890,625 

 1,845,231 

 2,735,856 

 442,874 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Waukegan 

 IL 

 None 

 1,330,000 

 2,470,909 

 None 

 None 

 1,330,000 

 2,470,909 

 3,800,909 

 498,300 

 12/21/07 

 300 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 None 

 831,077 

 1,545,131 

 16,655 

 30,694 

 831,077 

 1,592,480 

 2,423,557 

 380,283 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Elkhart 

 IN 

 None 

 835,890 

 1,554,487 

 None 

 94 

 835,890 

 1,554,581 

 2,390,471 

 380,847 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Marion 

 IN 

 None 

 685,194 

 1,274,206 

 45,372 

 19,275 

 685,194 

 1,338,853 

 2,024,047 

 318,757 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Michigan City 

 IN 

 None 

 840,998 

 1,563,545 

 None 

 75 

 840,998 

 1,563,620 

 2,404,618 

 383,077 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Terre Haute 

 IN 

 None 

 767,189 

 1,426,532 

 None 

 None 

 767,189 

 1,426,532 

 2,193,721 

 349,499 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Derby 

 KS 

 None 

 96,060 

 445,359 

 None 

 207 

 96,060 

 445,566 

 541,626 

 445,456 

 10/29/85 

 300 

 El Dorado 

 KS 

 None 

 87,400 

 405,206 

 3,358 

 7 

 87,400 

 408,571 

 495,971 

 405,332 

 04/10/86 

 300 

 Shawnee 

 KS 

 None 

 953,916 

 1,773,245 

 None 

 None 

 953,916 

 1,773,245 

 2,727,161 

 434,444 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 787,377 

 1,463,936 

 36,729 

 11,499 

 787,377 

 1,512,164 

 2,299,541 

 359,968 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Hopkinsville 

 KY 

 None 

 801,532 

 1,490,241 

 None 

 None 

 801,532 

 1,490,241 

 2,291,773 

 365,108 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 821,990 

 1,528,282 

 None 

 None 

 821,990 

 1,528,282 

 2,350,272 

 374,428 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Middlesboro 

 KY 

 None 

 859,709 

 1,598,332 

 None 

 None 

 859,709 

 1,598,332 

 2,458,041 

 391,590 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Murray 

 KY 

 None 

 831,246 

 1,545,422 

 None 

 13,110 

 831,246 

 1,558,532 

 2,389,778 

 379,233 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Richmond 

 KY 

 None 

 913,770 

 1,698,726 

 None 

 None 

 913,770 

 1,698,726 

 2,612,496 

 416,187 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Alexandria 

 LA 

 None 

 1,270,223 

 2,361,174 

 None 

 None 

 1,270,223 

 2,361,174 

 3,631,397 

 578,487 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Hammond 

 LA 

 None 

 1,011,084 

 1,879,972 

 None 

 None 

 1,011,084 

 1,879,972 

 2,891,056 

 460,592 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Houma 

 LA 

 None 

 1,061,671 

 1,973,864 

 12,063 

 24,056 

 1,061,671 

 2,009,983 

 3,071,654 

 484,042 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Jennings 

 LA 

 None 

 107,120 

 496,636 

 None 

 1,742 

 107,120 

 498,378 

 605,498 

 496,753 

 10/17/85 

 300 

 Morgan City 

 LA 

 None 

 832,895 

 1,548,993 

 26,151 

 13,926 

 832,895 

 1,589,070 

 2,421,965 

 381,253 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 New Iberia 

 LA 

 None 

 917,582 

 1,706,269 

 80,944 

 30,339 

 917,582 

 1,817,552 

 2,735,134 

 430,721 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Opelousas 

 LA 

 None 

 949,157 

 1,764,908 

 36,600 

 20,658 

 949,157 

 1,822,166 

 2,771,323 

 459,853 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Pineville 

 LA 

 None 

 1,136,612 

 2,113,040 

 None 

 None 

 1,136,612 

 2,113,040 

 3,249,652 

 517,694 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Ruston 

 LA 

 None 

 982,427 

 1,826,696 

 None 

 None 

 982,427 

 1,826,696 

 2,809,123 

 447,539 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Zachary 

 LA 

 None 

 898,306 

 1,670,527 

 1,305 

 12,611 

 898,306 

 1,684,443 

 2,582,749 

 410,556 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Amesbury 

 MA 

 None 

 0 

 790,494 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 790,494 

 790,494 

 283,043 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Attleboro 

 MA 

 None 

 369,815 

 693,655 

 None 

 None 

 369,815 

 693,655 

 1,063,470 

 306,363 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Auburn 

 MA 

 None 

 418,250 

 779,623 

 500 

 None 

 418,250 

 780,123 

 1,198,373 

 167,868 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Chicopee 

 MA 

 None 

 761,606 

 1,417,624 

 None 

 None 

 761,606 

 1,417,624 

 2,179,230 

 304,772 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Chicopee Falls 

 MA 

 None 

 302,982 

 565,894 

 595 

 317 

 302,982 

 566,806 

 869,788 

 121,780 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 East Longmeadow 

 MA 

 None 

 614,319 

 1,144,128 

 None 

 None 

 614,319 

 1,144,128 

 1,758,447 

 245,970 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Gardner 

 MA 

 None 

 625,000 

 828,564 

 None 

 None 

 625,000 

 828,564 

 1,453,564 

 271,106 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Great Barrington 

 MA 

 None 

 422,625 

 788,089 

 55,499 

 10,225 

 422,625 

 853,813 

 1,276,438 

 170,882 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Greenfield 

 MA 

 None 

 389,436 

 726,452 

 (398,131) 

 145 

 389,436 

 328,466 

 717,902 

 157,902 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Greenfield 

 MA 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,273 

 None 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,273 

 2,178,690 

 304,697 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Haverhill 

 MA 

 None 

 568,635 

 1,058,815 

 None 

 None 

 568,635 

 1,058,815 

 1,627,450 

 227,628 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Holyoke 

 MA 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,076,023 

 None 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,076,023 

 1,653,690 

 231,328 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Hyannis 

 MA 

 None 

 687,917 

 1,280,767 

 None 

 None 

 687,917 

 1,280,767 

 1,968,684 

 275,348 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Lee 

 MA 

 None 

 540,506 

 1,007,010 

 None 

 None 

 540,506 

 1,007,010 

 1,547,516 

 216,490 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 North Adams 

 MA 

 None 

 377,300 

 703,914 

 None 

 None 

 377,300 

 703,914 

 1,081,214 

 151,324 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Norwood 

 MA 

 None 

 840,616 

 1,563,923 

 None 

 None 

 840,616 

 1,563,923 

 2,404,539 

 336,226 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Palmer 

 MA 

 None 

 141,524 

 598,480 

 None 

 None 

 141,524 

 598,480 

 740,004 

 264,327 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Peabody 

 MA 

 None 

 529,555 

 222,590 

 None 

 None 

 529,555 

 222,590 

 752,145 

 98,309 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Pittsfield 

 MA 

 None 

 286,241 

 950,022 

 None 

 None 

 286,241 

 950,022 

 1,236,263 

 419,591 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Raynham 

 MA 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,287 

 None 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,287 

 2,178,704 

 304,699 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Sagamore Beach 

 MA 

 None 

 620,188 

 1,155,007 

 None 

 None 

 620,188 

 1,155,007 

 1,775,195 

 248,309 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 F-50 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Saugus 

 MA 

 None 

 0 

 737,971 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 737,971 

 737,971 

 222,286 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Seekonk 

 MA 

 None 

 614,417 

 1,144,267 

 None 

 None 

 614,417 

 1,144,267 

 1,758,684 

 246,000 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 South Dartmouth 

 MA 

 None 

 379,217 

 707,492 

 None 

 79 

 379,217 

 707,571 

 1,086,788 

 152,095 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Springfield 

 MA 

 None 

 230,030 

 865,572 

 None 

 None 

 230,030 

 865,572 

 1,095,602 

 382,292 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Springfield 

 MA 

 None 

 227,207 

 958,444 

 None 

 None 

 227,207 

 958,444 

 1,185,651 

 423,311 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Stoneham 

 MA 

 None 

 397,544 

 191,717 

 None 

 None 

 397,544 

 191,717 

 589,261 

 84,673 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Sudbury 

 MA 

 None 

 0 

 633,843 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 633,843 

 633,843 

 182,399 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Swansea 

 MA 

 None 

 173,853 

 488,699 

 None 

 None 

 173,853 

 488,699 

 662,552 

 215,841 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Tewksbury 

 MA 

 None 

 392,079 

 730,927 

 None 

 None 

 392,079 

 730,927 

 1,123,006 

 157,132 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Ware 

 MA 

 None 

 220,457 

 412,133 

 1,095 

 317 

 220,457 

 413,545 

 634,002 

 88,988 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 West Springfield 

 MA 

 None 

 243,556 

 455,532 

 595 

 317 

 243,556 

 456,444 

 700,000 

 98,052 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 West Springfield 

 MA 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,273 

 None 

 None 

 761,417 

 1,417,273 

 2,178,690 

 304,697 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Wilbraham 

 MA 

 None 

 9,626,112 

 19,216,724 

 2,500 

 None 

 9,626,112 

 19,219,224 

 28,845,336 

 3,845,039 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Wollaston 

 MA 

 None 

 411,366 

 766,745 

 None 

 None 

 411,366 

 766,745 

 1,178,111 

 164,833 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Worcester 

 MA 

 None 

 578,336 

 1,077,426 

 None 

 None 

 578,336 

 1,077,426 

 1,655,762 

 231,629 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Waterville 

 ME 

 None 

 0 

 717,653 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 717,653 

 717,653 

 154,273 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Windham 

 ME 

 None 

 0 

 831,301 

 1,000 

 None 

 0 

 832,301 

 832,301 

 179,241 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Comstock Park 

 MI 

 None 

 810,477 

 1,506,864 

 27,441 

 13,270 

 810,477 

 1,547,575 

 2,358,052 

 371,130 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Flint 

 MI 

 None 

 827,853 

 0 

 None 

 94 

 827,853 

 94 

 827,947 

 13 

 04/13/95 

 300 

 Flint 

 MI 

 None 

 885,144 

 1,645,531 

 70,987 

 16,059 

 885,144 

 1,732,577 

 2,617,721 

 405,356 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lansing 

 MI 

 None 

 873,536 

 1,623,973 

 None 

 94 

 873,536 

 1,624,067 

 2,497,603 

 397,885 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Saginaw 

 MI 

 None 

 766,531 

 1,425,263 

 14,030 

 11,573 

 766,531 

 1,450,866 

 2,217,397 

 350,789 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Taylor 

 MI 

 None 

 847,070 

 1,574,821 

 47,906 

 1,642 

 847,070 

 1,624,369 

 2,471,439 

 386,584 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Westland 

 MI 

 None 

 869,530 

 1,616,568 

 None 

 228 

 869,530 

 1,616,796 

 2,486,326 

 396,138 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Roseville 

 MN 

 None 

 281,600 

 1,305,560 

 None 

 None 

 281,600 

 1,305,560 

 1,587,160 

 1,305,560 

 12/18/84 

 300 

 Bridgeton 

 MO 

 None 

 743,559 

 1,585,207 

 158,517 

 21,922 

 743,559 

 1,765,646 

 2,509,205 

 402,056 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Cape Girardeau 

 MO 

 None 

 745,915 

 1,386,950 

 None 

 None 

 745,915 

 1,386,950 

 2,132,865 

 339,802 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Farmington 

 MO 

 None 

 780,812 

 1,451,767 

 None 

 None 

 780,812 

 1,451,767 

 2,232,579 

 355,682 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Festus 

 MO 

 None 

 808,595 

 1,503,364 

 None 

 None 

 808,595 

 1,503,364 

 2,311,959 

 368,323 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Fulton 

 MO 

 None 

 210,199 

 466,861 

 31,624 

 3,619 

 210,199 

 502,104 

 712,303 

 473,390 

 07/30/87 

 300 

 Hazelwood 

 MO 

 None 

 157,117 

 725,327 

 (104,329) 

 None 

 157,117 

 620,998 

 778,115 

 620,998 

 08/28/85 

 300 

 Jefferson City 

 MO 

 None 

 713,088 

 1,325,993 

 21,893 

 11,025 

 713,088 

 1,358,911 

 2,071,999 

 325,576 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Ozark 

 MO 

 None 

 140,000 

 292,482 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 292,482 

 432,482 

 176,941 

 11/20/97 

 300 

 Poplar Bluff 

 MO 

 None 

 774,256 

 1,439,603 

 None 

 None 

 774,256 

 1,439,603 

 2,213,859 

 352,702 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Raymore 

 MO 

 None 

 726,583 

 1,351,055 

 None 

 None 

 726,583 

 1,351,055 

 2,077,638 

 331,007 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sedalia 

 MO 

 None 

 269,798 

 599,231 

 11,556 

 None 

 269,798 

 610,787 

 880,585 

 570,562 

 07/31/89 

 300 

 Sedalia 

 MO 

 None 

 696,604 

 1,295,380 

 39,992 

 20 

 696,604 

 1,335,392 

 2,031,996 

 317,703 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 St. Charles 

 MO 

 None 

 175,413 

 809,791 

 None 

 47 

 175,413 

 809,838 

 985,251 

 809,837 

 08/28/85 

 300 

 St. Charles 

 MO 

 None 

 695,121 

 1,001,878 

 None 

 1,022 

 695,121 

 1,002,900 

 1,698,021 

 683,087 

 12/22/95 

 03/16/95 

 300 

 St. Joseph 

 MO 

 None 

 775,660 

 1,785,308 

 None 

 None 

 775,660 

 1,785,308 

 2,560,968 

 437,399 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 St. Robert 

 MO 

 None 

 744,158 

 1,383,694 

 None 

 None 

 744,158 

 1,383,694 

 2,127,852 

 339,004 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sullivan 

 MO 

 None 

 85,500 

 396,400 

 (40,743) 

 13,500 

 85,500 

 369,157 

 454,657 

 360,983 

 12/27/84 

 300 

 Columbus 

 MS 

 None 

 720,310 

 1,339,963 

 None 

 None 

 720,310 

 1,339,963 

 2,060,273 

 328,290 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Corinth 

 MS 

 None 

 867,086 

 1,612,029 

 None 

 None 

 867,086 

 1,612,029 

 2,479,115 

 394,946 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Hattiesburg 

 MS 

 None 

 856,070 

 1,592,088 

 None 

 None 

 856,070 

 1,592,088 

 2,448,158 

 390,060 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Laurel 

 MS 

 None 

 778,938 

 1,448,844 

 27,259 

 7 

 778,938 

 1,476,110 

 2,255,048 

 355,765 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 0 

 2,481,172 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 2,481,172 

 2,481,172 

 600,655 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Vicksburg 

 MS 

 None 

 698,189 

 1,298,881 

 (766,597) 

 8 

 698,189 

 532,292 

 1,230,481 

 334,196 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 F-51 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Albemarle 

 NC 

 None 

 721,392 

 1,341,825 

 480 

 137 

 721,392 

 1,342,442 

 2,063,834 

 328,791 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Asheville 

 NC 

 None 

 838,421 

 1,558,792 

 480 

 145 

 838,421 

 1,559,417 

 2,397,838 

 381,948 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Forest City 

 NC 

 None 

 872,424 

 1,621,940 

 None 

 131 

 872,424 

 1,622,071 

 2,494,495 

 397,396 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Goldsboro 

 NC 

 None 

 811,502 

 1,509,029 

 71,629 

 131 

 811,502 

 1,580,789 

 2,392,291 

 386,476 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Kernersville 

 NC 

 None 

 836,896 

 1,556,334 

 None 

 13,012 

 836,896 

 1,569,346 

 2,406,242 

 383,859 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Roanoke Rapids 

 NC 

 None 

 834,223 

 1,551,226 

 None 

 131 

 834,223 

 1,551,357 

 2,385,580 

 380,071 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Salisbury 

 NC 

 None 

 777,412 

 1,445,863 

 None 

 131 

 777,412 

 1,445,994 

 2,223,406 

 354,257 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sylva 

 NC 

 None 

 919,724 

 1,709,783 

 None 

 131 

 919,724 

 1,709,914 

 2,629,638 

 418,917 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Bellevue 

 NE 

 None 

 656,061 

 1,004,384 

 None 

 None 

 656,061 

 1,004,384 

 1,660,445 

 287,476 

 09/20/05 

 02/24/05 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 592,716 

 1,009,253 

 None 

 32 

 592,716 

 1,009,285 

 1,602,001 

 300,422 

 05/05/05 

 12/21/04 

 300 

 Papillion 

 NE 

 None 

 654,788 

 908,685 

 None 

 None 

 654,788 

 908,685 

 1,563,473 

 274,824 

 03/09/05 

 01/12/05 

 300 

 Concord 

 NH 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,075,628 

 None 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,075,628 

 1,653,295 

 231,243 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Concord 

 NH 

 None 

 849,884 

 1,581,175 

 None 

 None 

 849,884 

 1,581,175 

 2,431,059 

 339,935 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Dover 

 NH 

 None 

 687,917 

 1,280,378 

 None 

 None 

 687,917 

 1,280,378 

 1,968,295 

 275,264 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Keene 

 NH 

 None 

 253,769 

 310,470 

 None 

 None 

 253,769 

 310,470 

 564,239 

 137,123 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Laconia 

 NH 

 None 

 330,520 

 467,594 

 None 

 None 

 330,520 

 467,594 

 798,114 

 206,519 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Manchester 

 NH 

 None 

 266,337 

 486,676 

 None 

 None 

 266,337 

 486,676 

 753,013 

 214,947 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 North Conway 

 NH 

 None 

 473,031 

 607,020 

 None 

 None 

 473,031 

 607,020 

 1,080,051 

 268,099 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Portmouth 

 NH 

 None 

 391,650 

 730,167 

 37,475 

 10 

 391,650 

 767,652 

 1,159,302 

 157,816 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Rochester 

 NH 

 None 

 262,059 

 695,771 

 None 

 None 

 262,059 

 695,771 

 957,830 

 307,297 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Bloomfield 

 NJ 

 None 

 556,520 

 260,498 

 None 

 None 

 556,520 

 260,498 

 817,018 

 115,052 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Clark 

 NJ 

 None 

 541,792 

 1,009,085 

 None 

 None 

 541,792 

 1,009,085 

 1,550,877 

 216,936 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Hackettstown 

 NJ 

 None 

 307,186 

 525,142 

 None 

 None 

 307,186 

 525,142 

 832,328 

 231,936 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Hazlet 

 NJ 

 None 

 614,417 

 1,143,885 

 None 

 None 

 614,417 

 1,143,885 

 1,758,302 

 245,918 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Hillsdale 

 NJ 

 None 

 398,221 

 204,106 

 None 

 None 

 398,221 

 204,106 

 602,327 

 90,145 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Middletown 

 NJ 

 None 

 0 

 640,403 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 640,403 

 640,403 

 223,069 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Moorestown 

 NJ 

 None 

 294,708 

 550,139 

 637 

 9 

 294,708 

 550,785 

 845,493 

 118,325 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Morris Plains 

 NJ 

 None 

 366,982 

 188,123 

 None 

 None 

 366,982 

 188,123 

 555,105 

 83,086 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Mt. Holly 

 NJ 

 None 

 0 

 1,092,178 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,092,178 

 1,092,178 

 220,253 

 12/17/07 

 300 

 Pompton Plains 

 NJ 

 None 

 455,700 

 849,125 

 None 

 None 

 455,700 

 849,125 

 1,304,825 

 182,545 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Toms River 

 NJ 

 None 

 826,449 

 1,537,659 

 None 

 None 

 826,449 

 1,537,659 

 2,364,108 

 330,579 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 732,059 

 1,036,922 

 None 

 None 

 732,059 

 1,036,922 

 1,768,981 

 259,781 

 06/21/05 

 01/19/05 

 300 

 Albany 

 NY 

 None 

 457,538 

 852,510 

 32,428 

 6,924 

 457,538 

 891,862 

 1,349,400 

 184,940 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Carmel 

 NY 

 None 

 266,619 

 707,819 

 None 

 None 

 266,619 

 707,819 

 974,438 

 312,619 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Clifton Park 

 NY 

 None 

 1,040,997 

 1,936,100 

 None 

 None 

 1,040,997 

 1,936,100 

 2,977,097 

 416,244 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Delmar 

 NY 

 None 

 316,382 

 590,387 

 24,178 

 14,789 

 316,382 

 629,354 

 945,736 

 130,129 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 East Greenbush 

 NY 

 None 

 623,313 

 1,160,389 

 None 

 None 

 623,313 

 1,160,389 

 1,783,702 

 249,467 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Kingston 

 NY 

 None 

 430,667 

 802,583 

 None 

 None 

 430,667 

 802,583 

 1,233,250 

 172,538 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Latham 

 NY 

 None 

 651,167 

 1,212,133 

 None 

 None 

 651,167 

 1,212,133 

 1,863,300 

 260,591 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Middletown 

 NY 

 None 

 242,459 

 796,905 

 None 

 151 

 242,459 

 797,056 

 1,039,515 

 352,093 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 New Hartford 

 NY 

 None 

 226,041 

 422,563 

 None 

 None 

 226,041 

 422,563 

 648,604 

 90,834 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Plattsburgh 

 NY 

 None 

 977,012 

 1,817,269 

 None 

 None 

 977,012 

 1,817,269 

 2,794,281 

 390,696 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 723,347 

 17 

 10,940 

 44,667 

 723,347 

 55,624 

 778,971 

 46,874 

 12/22/94 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 318,182 

 593,654 

 None 

 None 

 318,182 

 593,654 

 911,836 

 127,618 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 318,182 

 593,654 

 None 

 None 

 318,182 

 593,654 

 911,836 

 127,618 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Beavercreek 

 OH 

 None 

 229,445 

 428,857 

 None 

 None 

 229,445 

 428,857 

 658,302 

 92,187 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Defiance 

 OH 

 None 

 71,273 

 135,109 

 None 

 358 

 71,273 

 135,467 

 206,740 

 29,286 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Elyria 

 OH 

 None 

 79,545 

 150,491 

 None 

 None 

 79,545 

 150,491 

 230,036 

 32,338 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 F-52 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Marion 

 OH 

 None 

 739,651 

 1,375,358 

 None 

 None 

 739,651 

 1,375,358 

 2,115,009 

 336,961 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Maumee 

 OH 

 None 

 296,970 

 555,134 

 None 

 None 

 296,970 

 555,134 

 852,104 

 119,334 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Mt. Vernon 

 OH 

 None 

 147,212 

 276,407 

 None 

 None 

 147,212 

 276,407 

 423,619 

 59,409 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 North Canton 

 OH 

 None 

 487,879 

 908,806 

 None 

 None 

 487,879 

 908,806 

 1,396,685 

 195,376 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Parma Heights 

 OH 

 None 

 275,758 

 514,866 

 None 

 None 

 275,758 

 514,866 

 790,624 

 110,679 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Sandusky 

 OH 

 None 

 824,270 

 1,532,494 

 None 

 None 

 824,270 

 1,532,494 

 2,356,764 

 375,460 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sandusky 

 OH 

 None 

 128,158 

 240,761 

 None 

 None 

 128,158 

 240,761 

 368,919 

 51,746 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Stow 

 OH 

 None 

 317,546 

 712,455 

 None 

 114 

 317,546 

 712,569 

 1,030,115 

 712,493 

 12/31/87 

 300 

 Troy 

 OH 

 None 

 255,353 

 476,973 

 None 

 None 

 255,353 

 476,973 

 732,326 

 102,532 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Vandalia 

 OH 

 None 

 145,833 

 273,579 

 None 

 None 

 145,833 

 273,579 

 419,412 

 58,802 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Westlake 

 OH 

 None 

 169,697 

 317,897 

 None 

 None 

 169,697 

 317,897 

 487,594 

 68,331 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Wooster 

 OH 

 None 

 763,642 

 1,419,901 

 None 

 399 

 763,642 

 1,420,300 

 2,183,942 

 348,195 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Norman 

 OK 

 None 

 734,335 

 335,097 

 None 

 78,164 

 734,335 

 413,261 

 1,147,596 

 122,534 

 09/29/95 

 06/05/95 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 759,826 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 759,826 

 - 

 759,826 

 - 

 07/06/95 

 300 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 None 

 1,165,405 

 2,165,989 

 None 

 131 

 1,165,405 

 2,166,120 

 3,331,525 

 530,687 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 490,000 

 910,004 

 None 

 173 

 490,000 

 910,177 

 1,400,177 

 253,431 

 01/24/06 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 360,500 

 669,605 

 None 

 173 

 360,500 

 669,778 

 1,030,278 

 177,592 

 05/10/06 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 1,021,904 

 1,899,486 

 2,440 

 120 

 1,021,904 

 1,902,046 

 2,923,950 

 465,504 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Hermiston 

 OR 

 None 

 85,560 

 396,675 

 18,088 

 273 

 85,560 

 415,036 

 500,596 

 408,183 

 12/18/84 

 300 

 Lake Oswego 

 OR 

 None 

 175,899 

 815,508 

 None 

 5 

 175,899 

 815,513 

 991,412 

 815,511 

 05/16/84 

 300 

 Feasterville 

 PA 

 None 

 236,303 

 441,673 

 None 

 None 

 236,303 

 441,673 

 677,976 

 94,943 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Gap 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 1,012,812 

 1,000 

 None 

 0 

 1,013,812 

 1,013,812 

 218,265 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Gettysburg 

 PA 

 None 

 289,040 

 809,676 

 None 

 None 

 289,040 

 809,676 

 1,098,716 

 357,605 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Harrisburg 

 PA 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,075,635 

 None 

 None 

 577,667 

 1,075,635 

 1,653,302 

 231,244 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Horsham 

 PA 

 None 

 554,361 

 1,032,352 

 None 

 None 

 554,361 

 1,032,352 

 1,586,713 

 221,938 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Indiana 

 PA 

 None 

 828,653 

 1,540,630 

 53,833 

 8,912 

 828,653 

 1,603,375 

 2,432,028 

 379,989 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 None 

 170,304 

 413,960 

 None 

 None 

 170,304 

 413,960 

 584,264 

 182,831 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 None 

 276,251 

 460,784 

 None 

 None 

 276,251 

 460,784 

 737,035 

 203,511 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Lebanon 

 PA 

 None 

 0 

 1,292,172 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,292,172 

 1,292,172 

 322,973 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 503,556 

 937,999 

 None 

 None 

 503,556 

 937,999 

 1,441,555 

 201,653 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Cranston 

 RI 

 None 

 0 

 790,899 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 790,899 

 790,899 

 265,506 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 North Providence 

 RI 

 None 

 0 

 790,921 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 790,921 

 790,921 

 245,110 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Pawtucket 

 RI 

 None 

 0 

 457,462 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 457,462 

 457,462 

 128,177 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Gaffney 

 SC 

 None 

 727,738 

 1,353,238 

 22,043 

 131 

 727,738 

 1,375,412 

 2,103,150 

 341,545 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lancaster 

 SC 

 None 

 778,616 

 1,448,099 

 (1,056,134) 

 24 

 778,616 

 391,989 

 1,170,605 

 355,605 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Rock Hill 

 SC 

 None 

 826,216 

 1,536,499 

 None 

 131 

 826,216 

 1,536,630 

 2,362,846 

 376,463 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 827,594 

 1,538,633 

 186,235 

 7,882 

 827,594 

 1,732,750 

 2,560,344 

 382,414 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 933,003 

 1,734,392 

 158,902 

 20,112 

 933,003 

 1,913,406 

 2,846,409 

 460,167 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Dyersburg 

 TN 

 None 

 695,135 

 1,292,644 

 90,256 

 25,739 

 695,135 

 1,408,639 

 2,103,774 

 369,679 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Greeneville 

 TN 

 None 

 936,669 

 1,741,253 

 None 

 131 

 936,669 

 1,741,384 

 2,678,053 

 426,628 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Johnson City 

 TN 

 None 

 881,225 

 1,638,285 

 83,254 

 8,114 

 881,225 

 1,729,653 

 2,610,878 

 404,903 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Kingsport 

 TN 

 None 

 786,332 

 1,462,055 

 107,280 

 10,878 

 786,332 

 1,580,213 

 2,366,545 

 399,256 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 McMinnville 

 TN 

 None 

 703,355 

 1,307,903 

 17,538 

 172 

 703,355 

 1,325,613 

 2,028,968 

 325,525 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 405,274 

 1,060,680 

 None 

 None 

 405,274 

 1,060,680 

 1,465,954 

 740,708 

 06/30/95 

 03/17/95 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 871,951 

 1,621,017 

 74,039 

 22,166 

 871,951 

 1,717,222 

 2,589,173 

 432,503 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Newport 

 TN 

 None 

 640,841 

 1,191,858 

 15,271 

 20,171 

 640,841 

 1,227,300 

 1,868,141 

 311,365 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Amarillo 

 TX 

 None 

 763,283 

 1,995,460 

 None 

 None 

 763,283 

 1,995,460 

 2,758,743 

 327,524 

 09/12/08 

 03/03/08 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 699,395 

 1,167,223 

 None 

 33,872 

 699,395 

 1,201,095 

 1,900,490 

 336,309 

 02/15/06 

 09/15/05 

 300 

 F-53 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 976,803 

 1,361,281 

 36,880 

 30,504 

 976,803 

 1,428,665 

 2,405,468 

 354,463 

 10/23/06 

 06/19/06 

 300 

 Austin 

 TX 

 None 

 1,049,946 

 1,952,028 

 13,898 

 30,875 

 1,049,946 

 1,996,801 

 3,046,747 

 482,596 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Bedford 

 TX 

 None 

 919,303 

 98,231 

 23,966 

 95 

 919,303 

 122,292 

 1,041,595 

 100,823 

 12/27/94 

 300 

 Cedar Park 

 TX 

 None 

 634,489 

 1,472,504 

 None 

 28,762 

 634,489 

 1,501,266 

 2,135,755 

 396,862 

 06/19/06 

 01/13/06 

 300 

 Crockett 

 TX 

 None 

 90,780 

 420,880 

 22,638 

 1,971 

 90,780 

 445,489 

 536,269 

 431,678 

 12/17/85 

 300 

 El Campo 

 TX 

 None 

 98,060 

 454,631 

 None 

 None 

 98,060 

 454,631 

 552,691 

 454,631 

 11/25/85 

 300 

 Georgetown 

 TX 

 None 

 870,981 

 1,177,824 

 168,185 

 34,110 

 870,981 

 1,380,119 

 2,251,100 

 368,806 

 06/02/06 

 01/13/06 

 300 

 Greenville 

 TX 

 None 

 909,311 

 1,690,848 

 34,606 

 28,728 

 909,311 

 1,754,182 

 2,663,493 

 443,104 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Harker Heights 

 TX 

 None 

 943,812 

 1,897,644 

 None 

 None 

 943,812 

 1,897,644 

 2,841,456 

 317,843 

 08/28/08 

 03/20/08 

 300 

 Hillsboro 

 TX 

 None 

 75,992 

 352,316 

 78,212 

 14,563 

 75,992 

 445,091 

 521,083 

 392,936 

 08/01/84 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 1,096,376 

 2,300,690 

 235,500 

 102,443 

 1,096,376 

 2,638,633 

 3,735,009 

 1,585,862 

 09/05/97 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 989,152 

 1,838,713 

 None 

 12,959 

 989,152 

 1,851,672 

 2,840,824 

 451,108 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Irving 

 TX 

 None 

 1,500,411 

 2,156 

 None 

 None 

 1,500,411 

 2,156 

 1,502,567 

 852 

 02/05/03 

 300 

 Killeen 

 TX 

 None 

 1,327,348 

 2,467,204 

 17,494 

 13,105 

 1,327,348 

 2,497,803 

 3,825,151 

 605,575 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Live Oak 

 TX 

 None 

 727,956 

 1,214,835 

 181,920 

 33,148 

 727,956 

 1,429,903 

 2,157,859 

 414,715 

 09/27/05 

 06/01/05 

 300 

 Longview 

 TX 

 None 

 1,231,857 

 2,289,864 

 None 

 None 

 1,231,857 

 2,289,864 

 3,521,721 

 561,015 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Lufkin 

 TX 

 None 

 105,904 

 490,998 

 None 

 None 

 105,904 

 490,998 

 596,902 

 490,998 

 10/08/85 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 134,940 

 625,612 

 None 

 None 

 134,940 

 625,612 

 760,552 

 625,612 

 03/20/86 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 729,596 

 120,820 

 None 

 None 

 729,596 

 120,820 

 850,416 

 120,820 

 12/23/94 

 300 

 Mesquite 

 TX 

 None 

 984,909 

 1,831,268 

 28,576 

 16,218 

 984,909 

 1,876,062 

 2,860,971 

 450,857 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Mexia 

 TX 

 None 

 93,620 

 434,046 

 50,273 

 11,861 

 93,620 

 496,180 

 589,800 

 444,351 

 12/18/85 

 300 

 New Braunfels 

 TX 

 None 

 860,262 

 1,169,016 

 250,000 

 56,872 

 860,262 

 1,475,888 

 2,336,150 

 425,099 

 02/14/06 

 10/12/05 

 300 

 Palestine 

 TX 

 None 

 825,066 

 1,534,394 

 31,586 

 13,211 

 825,066 

 1,579,191 

 2,404,257 

 377,518 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 2,420,222 

 769 

 None 

 None 

 2,420,222 

 769 

 2,420,991 

 323 

 03/12/03 

 06/27/02 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 835,431 

 1,185,257 

 None 

 49,931 

 835,431 

 1,235,188 

 2,070,619 

 350,549 

 12/02/05 

 06/24/05 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 690,443 

 1,109,136 

 None 

 40,933 

 690,443 

 1,150,069 

 1,840,512 

 328,229 

 10/24/05 

 06/27/05 

 300 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 None 

 835,586 

 1,227,220 

 None 

 45,378 

 835,586 

 1,272,598 

 2,108,184 

 323,915 

 09/14/06 

 05/09/06 

 300 

 Temple 

 TX 

 None 

 797,574 

 1,193,813 

 1,350 

 19,714 

 797,574 

 1,214,877 

 2,012,451 

 316,900 

 09/14/06 

 04/07/06 

 300 

 Waxahachie 

 TX 

 None 

 326,935 

 726,137 

 940 

 265 

 326,935 

 727,342 

 1,054,277 

 726,202 

 12/29/87 

 300 

 Waxahachie 

 TX 

 None 

 1,035,794 

 1,925,746 

 None 

 165 

 1,035,794 

 1,925,911 

 2,961,705 

 471,840 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 None 

 635,945 

 884,792 

 None 

 286 

 635,945 

 885,078 

 1,521,023 

 603,388 

 12/22/95 

 300 

 Bluefield 

 VA 

 None 

 845,277 

 1,571,754 

 None 

 302 

 845,277 

 1,572,056 

 2,417,333 

 385,129 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Chester 

 VA 

 None 

 541,628 

 1,008,771 

 None 

 None 

 541,628 

 1,008,771 

 1,550,399 

 216,869 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Danville 

 VA 

 None 

 751,055 

 1,396,772 

 66,062 

 18,690 

 751,055 

 1,481,524 

 2,232,579 

 359,779 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Martinsville 

 VA 

 None 

 833,114 

 1,549,167 

 480 

 302 

 833,114 

 1,549,949 

 2,383,063 

 379,617 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Midlothian 

 VA 

 None 

 421,479 

 785,639 

 103,125 

 13,683 

 421,479 

 902,447 

 1,323,926 

 172,426 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 None 

 385,000 

 717,891 

 3,850 

 145 

 385,000 

 721,886 

 1,106,886 

 154,634 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Staunton 

 VA 

 None 

 867,684 

 1,613,368 

 17,107 

 39,801 

 867,684 

 1,670,276 

 2,537,960 

 435,102 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Williamsburg 

 VA 

 None 

 651,167 

 1,212,201 

 None 

 None 

 651,167 

 1,212,201 

 1,863,368 

 260,606 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Bennington 

 VT 

 None 

 118,823 

 673,551 

 None 

 None 

 118,823 

 673,551 

 792,374 

 297,483 

 12/19/01 

 300 

 Brattleboro 

 VT 

 None 

 0 

 738,115 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 738,115 

 738,115 

 235,521 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Rutland 

 VT 

 None 

 812,197 

 1,511,184 

 None 

 None 

 812,197 

 1,511,184 

 2,323,381 

 324,887 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Williston 

 VT 

 None 

 0 

 1,197,659 

 None 

 None 

 0 

 1,197,659 

 1,197,659 

 320,441 

 08/30/07 

 300 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 None 

 198,857 

 921,947 

 51,224 

 127 

 198,857 

 973,298 

 1,172,155 

 946,954 

 05/29/84 

 300 

 Sturgeon Bay 

 WI 

 None 

 214,865 

 477,221 

 34,385 

 454 

 214,865 

 512,060 

 726,925 

 492,872 

 12/01/87 

 300 

 Parkersburg 

 WV 

 None 

 722,732 

 1,343,920 

 81,258 

 33,305 

 722,732 

 1,458,483 

 2,181,215 

 340,149 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Laramie 

 WY 

 None 

 210,000 

 466,417 

 43,443 

 3,596 

 210,000 

 513,456 

 723,456 

 426,380 

 03/12/90 

 300 

 F-54 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Restaurants - quick service 

 Alabaster 

 AL 

 None 

 335,197 

 622,697 

 None 

 None 

 335,197 

 622,697 

 957,894 

 156,712 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Andalusia 

 AL 

 None 

 252,403 

 468,949 

 None 

 None 

 252,403 

 468,949 

 721,352 

 118,019 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Atmore 

 AL 

 None 

 272,044 

 505,636 

 None 

 None 

 272,044 

 505,636 

 777,680 

 230,059 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Attalla 

 AL 

 None 

 148,993 

 276,890 

 None 

 None 

 148,993 

 276,890 

 425,883 

 69,684 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Bessemer 

 AL 

 None 

 172,438 

 320,429 

 None 

 None 

 172,438 

 320,429 

 492,867 

 80,641 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Brent 

 AL 

 None 

 134,432 

 249,846 

 None 

 None 

 134,432 

 249,846 

 384,278 

 62,878 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Clanton 

 AL 

 None 

 230,036 

 427,391 

 None 

 None 

 230,036 

 427,391 

 657,427 

 194,461 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Demopolis 

 AL 

 None 

 251,349 

 466,972 

 None 

 None 

 251,349 

 466,972 

 718,321 

 212,470 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Fort Payne 

 AL 

 None 

 303,056 

 563,001 

 None 

 None 

 303,056 

 563,001 

 866,057 

 256,163 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Gadsden 

 AL 

 None 

 242,194 

 449,977 

 None 

 None 

 242,194 

 449,977 

 692,171 

 113,244 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Gardendale 

 AL 

 None 

 398,669 

 740,568 

 None 

 None 

 398,669 

 740,568 

 1,139,237 

 336,956 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Greenville 

 AL 

 None 

 226,108 

 420,117 

 None 

 None 

 226,108 

 420,117 

 646,225 

 105,729 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Haleyville 

 AL 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,357 

 None 

 None 

 262,500 

 488,357 

 750,857 

 98,484 

 12/21/07 

 300 

 Hamilton 

 AL 

 None 

 214,198 

 397,991 

 None 

 None 

 214,198 

 397,991 

 612,189 

 100,161 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Hoover 

 AL 

 None 

 251,434 

 467,185 

 None 

 None 

 251,434 

 467,185 

 718,619 

 212,566 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Hueytown 

 AL 

 None 

 281,422 

 522,828 

 None 

 None 

 281,422 

 522,828 

 804,250 

 131,578 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Leeds 

 AL 

 None 

 171,145 

 318,028 

 None 

 None 

 171,145 

 318,028 

 489,173 

 80,037 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 None 

 286,333 

 531,950 

 None 

 None 

 286,333 

 531,950 

 818,283 

 133,874 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 143,693 

 267,060 

 None 

 None 

 143,693 

 267,060 

 410,753 

 67,210 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 145,206 

 269,870 

 None 

 None 

 145,206 

 269,870 

 415,076 

 67,917 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 None 

 380,468 

 706,777 

 None 

 None 

 380,468 

 706,777 

 1,087,245 

 175,516 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Opp 

 AL 

 None 

 160,778 

 298,782 

 None 

 None 

 160,778 

 298,782 

 459,560 

 74,198 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Prattville 

 AL 

 None 

 254,278 

 472,432 

 None 

 None 

 254,278 

 472,432 

 726,710 

 118,895 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 South Alabaster 

 AL 

 None 

 148,982 

 276,881 

 None 

 None 

 148,982 

 276,881 

 425,863 

 69,682 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Trussville 

 AL 

 None 

 256,485 

 476,510 

 None 

 None 

 256,485 

 476,510 

 732,995 

 118,333 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Warrior 

 AL 

 None 

 159,109 

 295,676 

 None 

 None 

 159,109 

 295,676 

 454,785 

 74,412 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Arkadelphia 

 AR 

 None 

 248,868 

 462,744 

 None 

 None 

 248,868 

 462,744 

 711,612 

 114,915 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Bentonville 

 AR 

 None 

 377,086 

 700,582 

 None 

 None 

 377,086 

 700,582 

 1,077,668 

 318,761 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Hope 

 AR 

 None 

 288,643 

 536,715 

 None 

 None 

 288,643 

 536,715 

 825,358 

 244,196 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 AR 

 None 

 267,376 

 497,124 

 None 

 None 

 267,376 

 497,124 

 764,500 

 125,110 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Jonesboro 

 AR 

 None 

 173,984 

 323,371 

 None 

 70 

 173,984 

 323,441 

 497,425 

 66,295 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Little Rock 

 AR 

 None 

 317,000 

 589,377 

 None 

 None 

 317,000 

 589,377 

 906,377 

 268,158 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Malvern 

 AR 

 None 

 219,703 

 408,588 

 None 

 None 

 219,703 

 408,588 

 628,291 

 102,828 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Pocahontas 

 AR 

 None 

 241,128 

 447,988 

 None 

 None 

 241,128 

 447,988 

 689,116 

 111,250 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Siloam Springs 

 AR 

 None 

 190,000 

 352,808 

 None 

 None 

 190,000 

 352,808 

 542,808 

 213,438 

 11/20/97 

 300 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 None 

 740,707 

 1,376,143 

 None 

 None 

 740,707 

 1,376,143 

 2,116,850 

 295,869 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 704,014 

 1,307,998 

 (145,542) 

 None 

 558,472 

 1,307,998 

 1,866,470 

 281,218 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 813,750 

 1,511,928 

 None 

 None 

 813,750 

 1,511,928 

 2,325,678 

 325,062 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 None 

 525,463 

 976,404 

 None 

 None 

 525,463 

 976,404 

 1,501,867 

 209,925 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 107,393 

 500,154 

 None 

 61 

 107,393 

 500,215 

 607,608 

 498,468 

 01/17/86 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 463,231 

 860,982 

 None 

 None 

 463,231 

 860,982 

 1,324,213 

 185,109 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 None 

 496,194 

 922,053 

 None 

 None 

 496,194 

 922,053 

 1,418,247 

 198,239 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Yuma 

 AZ 

 None 

 236,121 

 541,651 

 None 

 None 

 236,121 

 541,651 

 777,772 

 316,862 

 05/28/98 

 300 

 Barstow 

 CA 

 None 

 689,842 

 690,204 

 None 

 None 

 689,842 

 690,204 

 1,380,046 

 394,569 

 09/24/98 

 300 

 Fresno 

 CA 

 None 

 561,502 

 1,043,688 

 None 

 None 

 561,502 

 1,043,688 

 1,605,190 

 224,389 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Livermore 

 CA 

 None 

 662,161 

 823,242 

 None 

 None 

 662,161 

 823,242 

 1,485,403 

 470,623 

 09/23/98 

 300 

 Rancho Cucamonga 

 CA 

 None 

 95,192 

 441,334 

 None 

 5 

 95,192 

 441,339 

 536,531 

 441,336 

 12/20/85 

 300 

 F-55 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Riverside 

 CA 

 None 

 90,000 

 170,394 

 135,301 

 None 

 90,000 

 305,695 

 395,695 

 230,808 

 12/09/76 

 300 

 Sacramento 

 CA 

 None 

 386,793 

 417,290 

 None 

 127 

 386,793 

 417,417 

 804,210 

 241,460 

 07/31/98 

 300 

 San Ramon 

 CA 

 None 

 406,000 

 1,126,930 

 None 

 None 

 406,000 

 1,126,930 

 1,532,930 

 1,126,930 

 12/08/83 

 180 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 288,558 

 537,322 

 None 

 None 

 288,558 

 537,322 

 825,880 

 115,520 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 None 

 210,000 

 540,346 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 540,346 

 750,346 

 29,719 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Broomfield 

 CO 

 None 

 444,277 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 444,277 

 - 

 444,277 

 - 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Brush 

 CO 

 None 

 90,000 

 220,976 

 None 

 None 

 90,000 

 220,976 

 310,976 

 12,154 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 None 

 152,000 

 704,736 

 None 

 None 

 152,000 

 704,736 

 856,736 

 704,736 

 09/30/86 

 300 

 Fort Morgan 

 CO 

 None 

 80,000 

 350,452 

 None 

 None 

 80,000 

 350,452 

 430,452 

 19,275 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lafayette 

 CO 

 None 

 450,000 

 59,281 

 None 

 None 

 450,000 

 59,281 

 509,281 

 3,260 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lakewood 

 CO 

 None 

 510,000 

 124,971 

 None 

 None 

 510,000 

 124,971 

 634,971 

 6,873 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 None 

 260,000 

 508,347 

 None 

 None 

 260,000 

 508,347 

 768,347 

 27,959 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 None 

 470,000 

 207,744 

 None 

 None 

 470,000 

 207,744 

 677,744 

 11,426 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Westminster 

 CO 

 None 

 261,466 

 487,102 

 None 

 None 

 261,466 

 487,102 

 748,568 

 104,725 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Meriden 

 CT 

 None 

 369,482 

 687,116 

 None 

 None 

 369,482 

 687,116 

 1,056,598 

 147,728 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Chipley 

 FL 

 None 

 270,439 

 502,655 

 None 

 None 

 270,439 

 502,655 

 773,094 

 228,703 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 None 

 484,090 

 899,658 

 None 

 None 

 484,090 

 899,658 

 1,383,748 

 193,425 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Clearwater 

 FL 

 None 

 370,000 

 512,393 

 None 

 None 

 370,000 

 512,393 

 882,393 

 28,182 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Dade City 

 FL 

 None 

 140,000 

 387,991 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 387,991 

 527,991 

 21,340 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 DeFuniak Springs 

 FL 

 None 

 269,554 

 501,010 

 None 

 None 

 269,554 

 501,010 

 770,564 

 227,954 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Dunedin 

 FL 

 None 

 440,000 

 100,727 

 None 

 None 

 440,000 

 100,727 

 540,727 

 5,540 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 None 

 150,210 

 693,445 

 None 

 253 

 150,210 

 693,698 

 843,908 

 693,613 

 09/13/85 

 300 

 Lake Mary 

 FL 

 None 

 774,043 

 1,438,165 

 None 

 None 

 774,043 

 1,438,165 

 2,212,208 

 309,203 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lake Placid 

 FL 

 None 

 220,000 

 206,076 

 None 

 None 

 220,000 

 206,076 

 426,076 

 11,334 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 310,000 

 519,387 

 None 

 None 

 310,000 

 519,387 

 829,387 

 28,566 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 530,000 

 556,704 

 None 

 None 

 530,000 

 556,704 

 1,086,704 

 30,619 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lakeland 

 FL 

 None 

 170,000 

 288,777 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 288,777 

 458,777 

 15,883 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 New Port Richey 

 FL 

 None 

 260,000 

 579,385 

 None 

 None 

 260,000 

 579,385 

 839,385 

 31,866 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 600,000 

 949,489 

 None 

 None 

 600,000 

 949,489 

 1,549,489 

 517,693 

 05/27/99 

 12/18/98 

 300 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 None 

 204,200 

 911,338 

 None 

 None 

 204,200 

 911,338 

 1,115,538 

 466,456 

 03/27/00 

 08/24/99 

 300 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 None 

 456,108 

 847,515 

 None 

 18 

 456,108 

 847,533 

 1,303,641 

 241,556 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Oviedo 

 FL 

 None 

 465,993 

 866,048 

 None 

 None 

 465,993 

 866,048 

 1,332,041 

 186,199 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Palm Bay 

 FL 

 None 

 330,000 

 556,668 

 None 

 None 

 330,000 

 556,668 

 886,668 

 307,217 

 02/17/99 

 12/29/98 

 300 

 Panama City 

 FL 

 None 

 202,047 

 375,424 

 None 

 None 

 202,047 

 375,424 

 577,471 

 93,230 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Pembroke Pines 

 FL 

 None 

 741,074 

 1,376,913 

 None 

 None 

 741,074 

 1,376,913 

 2,117,987 

 296,035 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 None 

 767,303 

 1,424,991 

 None 

 None 

 767,303 

 1,424,991 

 2,192,294 

 11,875 

 10/15/12 

 300 

 Port Richey 

 FL 

 None 

 848,210 

 1,575,247 

 None 

 None 

 848,210 

 1,575,247 

 2,423,457 

 13,127 

 10/15/12 

 300 

 Seffner 

 FL 

 None 

 200,000 

 209,679 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 209,679 

 409,679 

 11,532 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 St. Petersburg 

 FL 

 None 

 379,455 

 705,487 

 None 

 None 

 379,455 

 705,487 

 1,084,942 

 151,677 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 St. Petersburg 

 FL 

 None 

 370,000 

 675,403 

 None 

 None 

 370,000 

 675,403 

 1,045,403 

 37,147 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 None 

 385,000 

 715,857 

 None 

 None 

 385,000 

 715,857 

 1,100,857 

 144,363 

 12/25/07 

 300 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,857 

 None 

 None 

 175,000 

 325,857 

 500,857 

 65,713 

 12/25/07 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,788,133 

 None 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,788,133 

 2,750,633 

 384,447 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 545,211 

 1,013,321 

 None 

 None 

 545,211 

 1,013,321 

 1,558,532 

 217,862 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 470,000 

 208,666 

 None 

 None 

 470,000 

 208,666 

 678,666 

 11,477 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 None 

 430,000 

 589,949 

 None 

 None 

 430,000 

 589,949 

 1,019,949 

 32,447 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Venice 

 FL 

 None 

 340,000 

 28,239 

 None 

 None 

 340,000 

 28,239 

 368,239 

 1,553 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Wauchula 

 FL 

 None 

 260,000 

 324,525 

 None 

 None 

 260,000 

 324,525 

 584,525 

 17,849 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 F-56 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Zephyrhills 

 FL 

 None 

 220,000 

 662,046 

 None 

 None 

 220,000 

 662,046 

 882,046 

 36,413 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Albany 

 GA 

 None 

 326,690 

 607,247 

 None 

 None 

 326,690 

 607,247 

 933,937 

 171,041 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Buford 

 GA 

 None 

 400,000 

 361,957 

 None 

 None 

 400,000 

 361,957 

 761,957 

 19,908 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Cairo 

 GA 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,566 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,566 

 600,566 

 78,764 

 12/25/07 

 300 

 Cumming 

 GA 

 None 

 520,000 

 248,510 

 None 

 None 

 520,000 

 248,510 

 768,510 

 13,668 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Duluth 

 GA 

 None 

 536,205 

 996,521 

 None 

 None 

 536,205 

 996,521 

 1,532,726 

 214,250 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Garden City 

 GA 

 None 

 197,225 

 438,043 

 32,125 

 433 

 197,225 

 470,601 

 667,826 

 430,156 

 04/20/89 

 300 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 None 

 220,000 

 384,908 

 None 

 None 

 220,000 

 384,908 

 604,908 

 21,170 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lilburn 

 GA 

 None 

 237,822 

 442,409 

 None 

 None 

 237,822 

 442,409 

 680,231 

 95,116 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lilburn 

 GA 

 None 

 380,000 

 338,634 

 None 

 None 

 380,000 

 338,634 

 718,634 

 18,625 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Loganville 

 GA 

 None 

 340,000 

 422,840 

 None 

 None 

 340,000 

 422,840 

 762,840 

 23,256 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 None 

 423,132 

 786,530 

 None 

 None 

 423,132 

 786,530 

 1,209,662 

 169,102 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Norcross 

 GA 

 None 

 310,000 

 286,762 

 None 

 None 

 310,000 

 286,762 

 596,762 

 15,772 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Oakwood 

 GA 

 None 

 440,000 

 100,481 

 None 

 None 

 440,000 

 100,481 

 540,481 

 5,526 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Roswell 

 GA 

 None 

 310,767 

 578,088 

 None 

 None 

 310,767 

 578,088 

 888,855 

 124,285 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Thomasville 

 GA 

 None 

 300,211 

 558,074 

 None 

 None 

 300,211 

 558,074 

 858,285 

 157,190 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Washington 

 GA 

 None 

 292,628 

 543,862 

 None 

 None 

 292,628 

 543,862 

 836,490 

 247,452 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Waycross 

 GA 

 None 

 223,475 

 415,563 

 None 

 None 

 223,475 

 415,563 

 639,038 

 117,050 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Winder 

 GA 

 None 

 230,000 

 429,116 

 None 

 None 

 230,000 

 429,116 

 659,116 

 23,601 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Altoona 

 IA 

 None 

 426,834 

 792,693 

 None 

 None 

 426,834 

 792,693 

 1,219,527 

 22,460 

 04/17/12 

 300 

 Cedar Falls 

 IA 

 None 

 208,411 

 387,971 

 None 

 None 

 208,411 

 387,971 

 596,382 

 109,277 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Cedar Falls 

 IA 

 None 

 187,250 

 349,057 

 None 

 None 

 187,250 

 349,057 

 536,307 

 70,389 

 12/21/07 

 300 

 Cedar Rapids 

 IA 

 None 

 125,076 

 233,206 

 None 

 None 

 125,076 

 233,206 

 358,282 

 65,685 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Fort Dodge 

 IA 

 None 

 388,815 

 722,573 

 None 

 None 

 388,815 

 722,573 

 1,111,388 

 181,848 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Oelwein 

 IA 

 None 

 84,244 

 157,375 

 None 

 None 

 84,244 

 157,375 

 241,619 

 44,326 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Ottumwa 

 IA 

 None 

 393,010 

 729,875 

 None 

 None 

 393,010 

 729,875 

 1,122,885 

 18,247 

 05/25/12 

 300 

 Urbandale 

 IA 

 None 

 395,896 

 735,724 

 None 

 None 

 395,896 

 735,724 

 1,131,620 

 185,157 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Waterloo 

 IA 

 None 

 263,555 

 490,374 

 None 

 None 

 263,555 

 490,374 

 753,929 

 134,853 

 02/28/06 

 300 

 Boise 

 ID 

 None 

 190,894 

 824,305 

 None 

 283 

 190,894 

 824,588 

 1,015,482 

 442,052 

 05/17/88 

 300 

 Boise 

 ID 

 None 

 161,352 

 735,104 

 None 

 283 

 161,352 

 735,387 

 896,739 

 347,484 

 10/07/88 

 300 

 Bethalto 

 IL 

 None 

 180,000 

 166,596 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 166,596 

 346,596 

 9,163 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Buffalo Grove 

 IL 

 None 

 306,250 

 569,693 

 None 

 None 

 306,250 

 569,693 

 875,943 

 122,481 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Cahokia 

 IL 

 None 

 70,000 

 613,995 

 None 

 None 

 70,000 

 613,995 

 683,995 

 33,770 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Carlyle 

 IL 

 None 

 80,000 

 428,860 

 None 

 None 

 80,000 

 428,860 

 508,860 

 23,587 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Centralia 

 IL 

 None 

 225,966 

 420,573 

 None 

 None 

 225,966 

 420,573 

 646,539 

 118,460 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Countryside 

 IL 

 None 

 301,000 

 559,824 

 None 

 None 

 301,000 

 559,824 

 860,824 

 120,358 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Edwardsville 

 IL 

 None 

 360,000 

 328,978 

 None 

 None 

 360,000 

 328,978 

 688,978 

 18,094 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Elgin 

 IL 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,300,943 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 1,300,943 

 2,000,943 

 279,700 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Fairview Heights 

 IL 

 None 

 660,652 

 1,227,321 

 None 

 None 

 660,652 

 1,227,321 

 1,887,973 

 349,786 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Godfrey 

 IL 

 None 

 200,000 

 282,701 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 282,701 

 482,701 

 15,549 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,365,747 

 None 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,365,747 

 2,100,747 

 293,634 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Highland 

 IL 

 None 

 130,000 

 454,866 

 None 

 None 

 130,000 

 454,866 

 584,866 

 25,018 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Jerseyville 

 IL 

 None 

 150,000 

 420,481 

 None 

 None 

 150,000 

 420,481 

 570,481 

 23,126 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Joliet 

 IL 

 None 

 280,903 

 522,424 

 None 

 None 

 280,903 

 522,424 

 803,327 

 112,319 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lincoln 

 IL 

 None 

 206,532 

 383,970 

 None 

 None 

 206,532 

 383,970 

 590,502 

 174,701 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Litchfield 

 IL 

 None 

 130,000 

 363,760 

 None 

 None 

 130,000 

 363,760 

 493,760 

 20,007 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Mascoutah 

 IL 

 None 

 80,000 

 435,792 

 None 

 None 

 80,000 

 435,792 

 515,792 

 23,969 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Red Bud 

 IL 

 None 

 180,000 

 251,200 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 251,200 

 431,200 

 13,816 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 F-57 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Rock Island 

 IL 

 None 

 138,463 

 258,066 

 None 

 None 

 138,463 

 258,066 

 396,529 

 72,688 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Sparta 

 IL 

 None 

 240,000 

 236,571 

 None 

 None 

 240,000 

 236,571 

 476,571 

 13,011 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Troy 

 IL 

 None 

 230,000 

 281,230 

 None 

 None 

 230,000 

 281,230 

 511,230 

 15,468 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Waukegan 

 IL 

 None 

 496,908 

 923,576 

 None 

 None 

 496,908 

 923,576 

 1,420,484 

 198,567 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Westmont 

 IL 

 None 

 475,300 

 883,468 

 None 

 None 

 475,300 

 883,468 

 1,358,768 

 189,943 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Wood River 

 IL 

 None 

 180,000 

 369,377 

 None 

 None 

 180,000 

 369,377 

 549,377 

 20,316 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Elkhart 

 IN 

 None 

 496,306 

 922,168 

 None 

 None 

 496,306 

 922,168 

 1,418,474 

 262,818 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Evansville 

 IN 

 None 

 136,738 

 254,864 

 None 

 None 

 136,738 

 254,864 

 391,602 

 71,786 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,225 

 None 

 None 

 437,500 

 813,225 

 1,250,725 

 174,842 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Jasper 

 IN 

 None 

 129,919 

 242,199 

 None 

 None 

 129,919 

 242,199 

 372,118 

 68,218 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Kokomo 

 IN 

 None 

 417,330 

 775,555 

 None 

 None 

 417,330 

 775,555 

 1,192,885 

 210,692 

 03/28/06 

 300 

 Marion 

 IN 

 None 

 426,384 

 792,314 

 None 

 None 

 426,384 

 792,314 

 1,218,698 

 223,168 

 12/13/05 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 136,400 

 632,380 

 8,000 

 None 

 136,400 

 640,380 

 776,780 

 632,380 

 03/18/86 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 67,156 

 149,157 

 13,837 

 179 

 67,156 

 163,173 

 230,329 

 153,066 

 03/30/88 

 300 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 None 

 644,177 

 1,196,786 

 None 

 None 

 644,177 

 1,196,786 

 1,840,963 

 341,084 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Munster 

 IN 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,040,943 

 None 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,040,943 

 1,600,943 

 223,800 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Newburgh 

 IN 

 None 

 161,193 

 300,280 

 None 

 None 

 161,193 

 300,280 

 461,473 

 84,578 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 South Bend 

 IN 

 None 

 133,200 

 617,545 

 None 

 134 

 133,200 

 617,679 

 750,879 

 617,612 

 04/28/86 

 300 

 Valparaiso 

 IN 

 None 

 365,612 

 679,507 

 None 

 None 

 365,612 

 679,507 

 1,045,119 

 189,129 

 01/11/06 

 300 

 Washington 

 IN 

 None 

 155,856 

 290,368 

 None 

 None 

 155,856 

 290,368 

 446,224 

 81,786 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Westfield 

 IN 

 None 

 213,341 

 477,300 

 None 

 211 

 213,341 

 477,511 

 690,852 

 438,639 

 12/21/89 

 300 

 Chanute 

 KS 

 None 

 330,852 

 615,008 

 None 

 None 

 330,852 

 615,008 

 945,860 

 154,777 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Fort Scott 

 KS 

 None 

 269,301 

 500,698 

 None 

 None 

 269,301 

 500,698 

 769,999 

 126,009 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 190,000 

 700,039 

 None 

 None 

 190,000 

 700,039 

 890,039 

 38,502 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 170,000 

 214,040 

 None 

 None 

 170,000 

 214,040 

 384,040 

 11,772 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 210,000 

 624,304 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 624,304 

 834,304 

 34,337 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 KS 

 None 

 140,000 

 767,812 

 None 

 None 

 140,000 

 767,812 

 907,812 

 42,230 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lawrence 

 KS 

 None 

 410,000 

 338,788 

 None 

 None 

 410,000 

 338,788 

 748,788 

 18,633 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 None 

 408,578 

 759,513 

 None 

 None 

 408,578 

 759,513 

 1,168,091 

 163,294 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 None 

 754,020 

 1,401,069 

 None 

 None 

 754,020 

 1,401,069 

 2,155,089 

 301,228 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Parsons 

 KS 

 None 

 318,516 

 592,099 

 None 

 None 

 318,516 

 592,099 

 910,615 

 149,012 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 None 

 232,146 

 431,853 

 None 

 None 

 232,146 

 431,853 

 663,999 

 92,847 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Bowling Green 

 KY 

 None 

 685,246 

 1,273,002 

 None 

 None 

 685,246 

 1,273,002 

 1,958,248 

 362,806 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Hazard 

 KY 

 None 

 243,836 

 453,025 

 None 

 8 

 243,836 

 453,033 

 696,869 

 114,013 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Lexington 

 KY 

 None 

 122,200 

 1,400 

 None 

 31,682 

 122,200 

 33,082 

 155,282 

 9,706 

 12/03/86 

 300 

 Madisonville 

 KY 

 None 

 422,501 

 784,831 

 None 

 None 

 422,501 

 784,831 

 1,207,332 

 197,516 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Paducah 

 KY 

 None 

 673,551 

 1,251,276 

 None 

 None 

 673,551 

 1,251,276 

 1,924,827 

 356,614 

 11/21/05 

 300 

 Bossier City 

 LA 

 None 

 172,269 

 320,497 

 None 

 None 

 172,269 

 320,497 

 492,766 

 80,659 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Deridder 

 LA 

 None 

 371,127 

 690,819 

 None 

 None 

 371,127 

 690,819 

 1,061,946 

 153,118 

 06/22/07 

 300 

 Jonesboro 

 LA 

 None 

 163,651 

 304,492 

 None 

 None 

 163,651 

 304,492 

 468,143 

 76,630 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Natchitoches 

 LA 

 None 

 291,675 

 541,890 

 None 

 None 

 291,675 

 541,890 

 833,565 

 246,557 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Ruston 

 LA 

 None 

 170,274 

 316,792 

 None 

 None 

 170,274 

 316,792 

 487,066 

 79,726 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 359,268 

 667,417 

 None 

 None 

 359,268 

 667,417 

 1,026,685 

 303,672 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 154,671 

 287,815 

 None 

 None 

 154,671 

 287,815 

 442,486 

 72,433 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 200,033 

 372,059 

 None 

 None 

 200,033 

 372,059 

 572,092 

 93,635 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 259,987 

 483,401 

 None 

 None 

 259,987 

 483,401 

 743,388 

 121,656 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Shreveport 

 LA 

 None 

 269,130 

 500,382 

 None 

 None 

 269,130 

 500,382 

 769,512 

 125,930 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Vivian 

 LA 

 None 

 135,568 

 252,338 

 None 

 None 

 135,568 

 252,338 

 387,906 

 63,505 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 F-58 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Winnfield 

 LA 

 None 

 145,973 

 271,661 

 None 

 None 

 145,973 

 271,661 

 417,634 

 68,368 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Fall River 

 MA 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,787,831 

 None 

 None 

 962,500 

 1,787,831 

 2,750,331 

 384,383 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lawrence 

 MA 

 None 

 910,000 

 1,690,877 

 None 

 None 

 910,000 

 1,690,877 

 2,600,877 

 363,535 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Hagerstown 

 MD 

 None 

 499,396 

 928,250 

 None 

 None 

 499,396 

 928,250 

 1,427,646 

 199,572 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Canton 

 MI 

 None 

 279,923 

 521,223 

 None 

 None 

 279,923 

 521,223 

 801,146 

 112,061 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Livonia 

 MI 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,446 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 651,446 

 1,001,446 

 140,059 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Affton 

 MO 

 None 

 120,000 

 171,955 

 None 

 None 

 120,000 

 171,955 

 291,955 

 9,458 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Bolivar 

 MO 

 None 

 237,094 

 440,596 

 None 

 None 

 237,094 

 440,596 

 677,690 

 200,468 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Bridgeton 

 MO 

 None 

 570,000 

 228,347 

 None 

 None 

 570,000 

 228,347 

 798,347 

 12,559 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Buffalo 

 MO 

 None 

 159,346 

 296,519 

 None 

 24 

 159,346 

 296,543 

 455,889 

 74,646 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Cape Girardeau 

 MO 

 None 

 450,078 

 836,372 

 None 

 None 

 450,078 

 836,372 

 1,286,450 

 232,790 

 01/11/06 

 300 

 Florissant 

 MO 

 None 

 290,000 

 86,396 

 None 

 None 

 290,000 

 86,396 

 376,396 

 4,752 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Florissant 

 MO 

 None 

 250,000 

 239,221 

 None 

 None 

 250,000 

 239,221 

 489,221 

 13,157 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Grandview 

 MO 

 None 

 280,000 

 235,370 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 235,370 

 515,370 

 12,945 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Joplin 

 MO 

 None 

 301,207 

 749,000 

 None 

 None 

 301,207 

 749,000 

 1,050,207 

 21,711 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Joplin 

 MO 

 None 

 281,001 

 522,428 

 None 

 None 

 281,001 

 522,428 

 803,429 

 131,478 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 315,334 

 586,423 

 None 

 None 

 315,334 

 586,423 

 901,757 

 126,077 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 230,000 

 484,010 

 None 

 None 

 230,000 

 484,010 

 714,010 

 26,621 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 None 

 200,000 

 339,994 

 None 

 None 

 200,000 

 339,994 

 539,994 

 18,700 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Lees Summit 

 MO 

 None 

 500,000 

 450,156 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 450,156 

 950,156 

 24,759 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Mountain Grove 

 MO 

 None 

 219,704 

 408,591 

 None 

 None 

 219,704 

 408,591 

 628,295 

 102,829 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Mt. Vernon 

 MO 

 None 

 160,000 

 282,586 

 None 

 None 

 160,000 

 282,586 

 442,586 

 170,954 

 11/20/97 

 300 

 Nevada 

 MO 

 None 

 290,795 

 540,616 

 None 

 None 

 290,795 

 540,616 

 831,411 

 136,055 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Nixa 

 MO 

 None 

 251,387 

 467,430 

 None 

 None 

 251,387 

 467,430 

 718,817 

 117,637 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Raymore 

 MO 

 None 

 460,000 

 663,580 

 None 

 None 

 460,000 

 663,580 

 1,123,580 

 36,497 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 Springfield 

 MO 

 None 

 251,381 

 467,418 

 None 

 None 

 251,381 

 467,418 

 718,799 

 117,634 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Springfield 

 MO 

 None 

 225,939 

 420,162 

 None 

 None 

 225,939 

 420,162 

 646,101 

 104,340 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 None 

 340,000 

 88,519 

 None 

 None 

 340,000 

 88,519 

 428,519 

 4,869 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 None 

 500,000 

 184,049 

 None 

 None 

 500,000 

 184,049 

 684,049 

 10,123 

 08/29/11 

 300 

 St. Robert 

 MO 

 None 

 329,242 

 611,728 

 None 

 None 

 329,242 

 611,728 

 940,970 

 278,333 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Webb City 

 MO 

 None 

 337,647 

 627,628 

 None 

 None 

 337,647 

 627,628 

 965,275 

 157,953 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Biloxi 

 MS 

 None 

 414,902 

 770,725 

 None 

 None 

 414,902 

 770,725 

 1,185,627 

 193,966 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Canton 

 MS 

 None 

 163,193 

 303,268 

 None 

 None 

 163,193 

 303,268 

 466,461 

 76,322 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Carthage 

 MS 

 None 

 157,803 

 293,257 

 None 

 None 

 157,803 

 293,257 

 451,060 

 73,803 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Columbus 

 MS 

 None 

 128,409 

 238,775 

 None 

 None 

 128,409 

 238,775 

 367,184 

 67,255 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Columbus 

 MS 

 None 

 117,411 

 218,350 

 None 

 None 

 117,411 

 218,350 

 335,761 

 61,501 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Corinth 

 MS 

 None 

 285,607 

 530,598 

 None 

 None 

 285,607 

 530,598 

 816,205 

 133,534 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Flowood 

 MS 

 None 

 154,733 

 287,549 

 None 

 168 

 154,733 

 287,717 

 442,450 

 72,378 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Forest 

 MS 

 None 

 106,457 

 198,007 

 None 

 None 

 106,457 

 198,007 

 304,464 

 55,771 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Fulton 

 MS 

 None 

 239,686 

 445,337 

 None 

 None 

 239,686 

 445,337 

 685,023 

 202,626 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Gautier 

 MS 

 None 

 241,995 

 449,607 

 None 

 None 

 241,995 

 449,607 

 691,602 

 113,151 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Greenville 

 MS 

 None 

 311,324 

 578,378 

 None 

 None 

 311,324 

 578,378 

 889,702 

 263,159 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Greenwood 

 MS 

 None 

 177,329 

 329,520 

 None 

 None 

 177,329 

 329,520 

 506,849 

 82,929 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Hernando 

 MS 

 None 

 137,898 

 256,282 

 None 

 None 

 137,898 

 256,282 

 394,180 

 64,498 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Houston 

 MS 

 None 

 226,962 

 421,695 

 None 

 None 

 226,962 

 421,695 

 648,657 

 106,127 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Indianola 

 MS 

 None 

 270,639 

 502,822 

 None 

 None 

 270,639 

 502,822 

 773,461 

 228,781 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Iuka 

 MS 

 None 

 139,243 

 258,779 

 None 

 None 

 139,243 

 258,779 

 398,022 

 65,126 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 237,982 

 442,154 

 None 

 None 

 237,982 

 442,154 

 680,136 

 111,275 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 F-59 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 352,003 

 653,900 

 None 

 None 

 352,003 

 653,900 

 1,005,903 

 162,385 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Kosciusko 

 MS 

 None 

 311,422 

 578,550 

 None 

 None 

 311,422 

 578,550 

 889,972 

 145,602 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Magee 

 MS 

 None 

 264,395 

 491,206 

 None 

 None 

 264,395 

 491,206 

 755,601 

 123,620 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Moss Point 

 MS 

 None 

 287,821 

 534,713 

 None 

 None 

 287,821 

 534,713 

 822,534 

 134,569 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Natchez 

 MS 

 None 

 402,589 

 747,934 

 None 

 None 

 402,589 

 747,934 

 1,150,523 

 180,751 

 12/21/06 

 300 

 Newton 

 MS 

 None 

 284,350 

 528,311 

 None 

 None 

 284,350 

 528,311 

 812,661 

 240,378 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Olive Branch 

 MS 

 None 

 332,234 

 617,192 

 None 

 None 

 332,234 

 617,192 

 949,426 

 155,327 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Olive Branch 

 MS 

 None 

 362,276 

 673,055 

 None 

 None 

 362,276 

 673,055 

 1,035,331 

 137,976 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Oxford 

 MS 

 None 

 164,058 

 304,873 

 None 

 None 

 164,058 

 304,873 

 468,931 

 76,726 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Oxford 

 MS 

 None 

 297,182 

 552,097 

 None 

 None 

 297,182 

 552,097 

 849,279 

 137,104 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 MS 

 None 

 292,868 

 543,912 

 None 

 None 

 292,868 

 543,912 

 836,780 

 136,885 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Pontotoc 

 MS 

 None 

 285,006 

 529,492 

 None 

 None 

 285,006 

 529,492 

 814,498 

 133,255 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Southaven 

 MS 

 None 

 498,426 

 925,905 

 None 

 None 

 498,426 

 925,905 

 1,424,331 

 189,810 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Starkville 

 MS 

 None 

 175,436 

 326,005 

 None 

 None 

 175,436 

 326,005 

 501,441 

 82,045 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Tupelo 

 MS 

 None 

 166,869 

 310,095 

 None 

 None 

 166,869 

 310,095 

 476,964 

 78,040 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Tupelo 

 MS 

 None 

 225,934 

 419,857 

 None 

 None 

 225,934 

 419,857 

 645,791 

 105,664 

 09/28/06 

 300 

 Vicksburg 

 MS 

 None 

 275,895 

 512,632 

 None 

 None 

 275,895 

 512,632 

 788,527 

 129,013 

 09/28/06 

 300 

 West Point 

 MS 

 None 

 87,859 

 163,468 

 None 

 None 

 87,859 

 163,468 

 251,327 

 46,043 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Wiggins 

 MS 

 None 

 268,104 

 498,095 

 None 

 None 

 268,104 

 498,095 

 766,199 

 125,354 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Asheville 

 NC 

 None 

 264,226 

 491,419 

 None 

 None 

 264,226 

 491,419 

 755,645 

 105,653 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Winston Salem 

 NC 

 None 

 126,423 

 235,323 

 None 

 None 

 126,423 

 235,323 

 361,746 

 66,282 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Winston-Salem 

 NC 

 None 

 353,239 

 656,427 

 None 

 None 

 353,239 

 656,427 

 1,009,666 

 298,669 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Devils Lake 

 ND 

 None 

 150,390 

 279,798 

 None 

 None 

 150,390 

 279,798 

 430,188 

 78,810 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Fargo 

 ND 

 None 

 217,057 

 403,609 

 None 

 None 

 217,057 

 403,609 

 620,666 

 113,683 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Jamestown 

 ND 

 None 

 136,523 

 254,045 

 None 

 None 

 136,523 

 254,045 

 390,568 

 71,556 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Minot 

 ND 

 None 

 153,870 

 286,260 

 None 

 None 

 153,870 

 286,260 

 440,130 

 80,630 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 444,460 

 825,938 

 None 

 32 

 444,460 

 825,970 

 1,270,430 

 229,889 

 01/11/06 

 300 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,877 

 None 

 32 

 350,000 

 650,909 

 1,000,909 

 139,940 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 None 

 471,899 

 876,928 

 None 

 None 

 471,899 

 876,928 

 1,348,827 

 188,538 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Amherst 

 NY 

 None 

 412,349 

 767,082 

 None 

 None 

 412,349 

 767,082 

 1,179,431 

 164,921 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Buffalo 

 NY 

 None 

 317,454 

 591,060 

 None 

 None 

 317,454 

 591,060 

 908,514 

 127,074 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 None 

 299,187 

 556,978 

 None 

 None 

 299,187 

 556,978 

 856,165 

 119,727 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Mentor 

 OH 

 None 

 394,450 

 734,205 

 None 

 None 

 394,450 

 734,205 

 1,128,655 

 157,840 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Parma 

 OH 

 None 

 473,710 

 881,038 

 None 

 None 

 473,710 

 881,038 

 1,354,748 

 189,421 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Toledo 

 OH 

 None 

 633,461 

 1,177,718 

 None 

 None 

 633,461 

 1,177,718 

 1,811,179 

 253,208 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Bixby 

 OK 

 None 

 145,791 

 271,272 

 None 

 None 

 145,791 

 271,272 

 417,063 

 76,408 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Broken Arrow 

 OK 

 None 

 245,000 

 369,002 

 None 

 61 

 245,000 

 369,063 

 614,063 

 222,020 

 12/12/97 

 300 

 Checotah 

 OK 

 None 

 153,232 

 285,092 

 None 

 None 

 153,232 

 285,092 

 438,324 

 80,301 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Idabel 

 OK 

 None 

 214,244 

 398,545 

 None 

 None 

 214,244 

 398,545 

 612,789 

 181,329 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Owasso 

 OK 

 None 

 327,043 

 607,645 

 None 

 None 

 327,043 

 607,645 

 934,688 

 276,475 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Tahlequah 

 OK 

 None 

 224,982 

 418,341 

 None 

 None 

 224,982 

 418,341 

 643,323 

 117,833 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 None 

 295,993 

 549,981 

 None 

 None 

 295,993 

 549,981 

 845,974 

 250,238 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Salem 

 OR 

 None 

 198,540 

 689,507 

 None 

 None 

 198,540 

 689,507 

 888,047 

 442,233 

 05/23/89 

 300 

 Abington 

 PA 

 None 

 778,103 

 1,445,849 

 None 

 None 

 778,103 

 1,445,849 

 2,223,952 

 310,856 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Greensburg 

 PA 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,368 

 None 

 None 

 315,000 

 586,368 

 901,368 

 126,065 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 None 

 423,333 

 787,125 

 None 

 None 

 423,333 

 787,125 

 1,210,458 

 169,230 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Aiken 

 SC 

 None 

 240,937 

 447,656 

 None 

 None 

 240,937 

 447,656 

 688,593 

 112,660 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Chamberlain 

 SD 

 None 

 139,587 

 259,627 

 None 

 None 

 139,587 

 259,627 

 399,214 

 73,128 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 F-60 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Madison 

 SD 

 None 

 112,143 

 208,660 

 None 

 None 

 112,143 

 208,660 

 320,803 

 58,772 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Rapid City 

 SD 

 None 

 197,967 

 368,047 

 None 

 None 

 197,967 

 368,047 

 566,014 

 103,666 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Sioux Falls 

 SD 

 None 

 340,718 

 633,332 

 None 

 None 

 340,718 

 633,332 

 974,050 

 150,944 

 01/19/07 

 300 

 Spearfish 

 SD 

 None 

 142,114 

 264,320 

 None 

 None 

 142,114 

 264,320 

 406,434 

 74,450 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Watertown 

 SD 

 None 

 197,559 

 367,289 

 None 

 None 

 197,559 

 367,289 

 564,848 

 103,453 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Winner 

 SD 

 None 

 115,591 

 215,063 

 None 

 None 

 115,591 

 215,063 

 330,654 

 60,575 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Antioch 

 TN 

 None 

 244,470 

 454,016 

 None 

 None 

 244,470 

 454,016 

 698,486 

 112,747 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Bartlett 

 TN 

 None 

 152,469 

 283,343 

 None 

 None 

 152,469 

 283,343 

 435,812 

 71,308 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Brownsville 

 TN 

 None 

 289,379 

 538,081 

 None 

 None 

 289,379 

 538,081 

 827,460 

 244,818 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Collierville 

 TN 

 None 

 433,503 

 805,339 

 None 

 None 

 433,503 

 805,339 

 1,238,842 

 165,095 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Columbia 

 TN 

 None 

 410,242 

 761,878 

 None 

 None 

 410,242 

 761,878 

 1,172,120 

 189,200 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Germantown 

 TN 

 None 

 356,774 

 662,837 

 None 

 None 

 356,774 

 662,837 

 1,019,611 

 135,882 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Henderson 

 TN 

 None 

 155,954 

 289,815 

 None 

 None 

 155,954 

 289,815 

 445,769 

 72,937 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Hermitage 

 TN 

 None 

 341,251 

 633,753 

 None 

 None 

 341,251 

 633,753 

 975,004 

 157,382 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Jackson 

 TN 

 None 

 126,158 

 234,594 

 None 

 None 

 126,158 

 234,594 

 360,752 

 66,077 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Jackson 

 TN 

 None 

 312,734 

 581,049 

 None 

 52 

 312,734 

 581,101 

 893,835 

 119,118 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Manchester 

 TN 

 None 

 411,504 

 764,222 

 None 

 None 

 411,504 

 764,222 

 1,175,726 

 189,782 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Martin 

 TN 

 None 

 173,616 

 322,616 

 None 

 None 

 173,616 

 322,616 

 496,232 

 81,192 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 McMinnville 

 TN 

 None 

 442,735 

 635,260 

 None 

 None 

 442,735 

 635,260 

 1,077,995 

 153,503 

 12/21/06 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 148,386 

 275,760 

 None 

 None 

 148,386 

 275,760 

 424,146 

 69,400 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 254,423 

 472,680 

 None 

 None 

 254,423 

 472,680 

 727,103 

 117,382 

 10/12/06 

 300 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 None 

 309,358 

 574,779 

 None 

 None 

 309,358 

 574,779 

 884,137 

 117,830 

 11/16/07 

 300 

 Milan 

 TN 

 None 

 138,159 

 256,766 

 None 

 None 

 138,159 

 256,766 

 394,925 

 64,620 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Millington 

 TN 

 None 

 285,613 

 530,630 

 None 

 None 

 285,613 

 530,630 

 816,243 

 241,434 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Morristown 

 TN 

 None 

 182,935 

 340,274 

 None 

 None 

 182,935 

 340,274 

 523,209 

 95,843 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 376,568 

 699,340 

 None 

 None 

 376,568 

 699,340 

 1,075,908 

 173,670 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 383,266 

 712,027 

 None 

 None 

 383,266 

 712,027 

 1,095,293 

 172,073 

 12/21/06 

 300 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 None 

 147,915 

 274,700 

 None 

 None 

 147,915 

 274,700 

 422,615 

 68,217 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 None 

 432,494 

 803,203 

 None 

 None 

 432,494 

 803,203 

 1,235,697 

 199,462 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 None 

 350,983 

 651,825 

 None 

 None 

 350,983 

 651,825 

 1,002,808 

 161,870 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Ripley 

 TN 

 None 

 231,552 

 430,232 

 None 

 None 

 231,552 

 430,232 

 661,784 

 195,753 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Sevierville 

 TN 

 None 

 423,790 

 787,301 

 None 

 None 

 423,790 

 787,301 

 1,211,091 

 198,137 

 09/28/06 

 300 

 Shelbyville 

 TN 

 None 

 245,370 

 455,687 

 None 

 None 

 245,370 

 455,687 

 701,057 

 113,162 

 10/02/06 

 300 

 Trenton 

 TN 

 None 

 174,379 

 324,032 

 None 

 None 

 174,379 

 324,032 

 498,411 

 81,548 

 09/14/06 

 300 

 Allen 

 TX 

 None 

 165,000 

 306,771 

 None 

 None 

 165,000 

 306,771 

 471,771 

 165,145 

 07/09/99 

 05/28/99 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,040,667 

 None 

 None 

 560,000 

 1,040,667 

 1,600,667 

 223,742 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 536,130 

 996,532 

 None 

 None 

 536,130 

 996,532 

 1,532,662 

 214,252 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 None 

 269,284 

 500,766 

 None 

 None 

 269,284 

 500,766 

 770,050 

 107,663 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Coppell 

 TX 

 None 

 212,875 

 396,007 

 None 

 None 

 212,875 

 396,007 

 608,882 

 85,140 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 None 

 386,451 

 718,361 

 None 

 None 

 386,451 

 718,361 

 1,104,812 

 154,446 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Ennis 

 TX 

 None 

 173,250 

 384,793 

 45,798 

 12,600 

 173,250 

 443,191 

 616,441 

 387,888 

 12/28/87 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 223,195 

 492,067 

 None 

 54 

 223,195 

 492,121 

 715,316 

 433,397 

 06/26/91 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 423,281 

 382,059 

 None 

 None 

 423,281 

 382,059 

 805,340 

 273,172 

 02/10/95 

 300 

 Grand Prairie 

 TX 

 None 

 280,000 

 520,197 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 520,197 

 800,197 

 111,842 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 194,994 

 386,056 

 None 

 128 

 194,994 

 386,184 

 581,178 

 331,431 

 06/25/91 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 113,693 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 113,693 

 - 

 113,693 

 - 

 03/07/97 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 441,943 

 821,760 

 None 

 None 

 441,943 

 821,760 

 1,263,703 

 176,676 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Houston 

 TX 

 None 

 335,664 

 624,233 

 None 

 None 

 335,664 

 624,233 

 959,897 

 134,208 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 F-61 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Hurst 

 TX 

 None 

 215,623 

 401,245 

 None 

 None 

 215,623 

 401,245 

 616,868 

 86,265 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Irving 

 TX 

 None 

 291,971 

 543,094 

 None 

 None 

 291,971 

 543,094 

 835,065 

 116,763 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Killeen 

 TX 

 None 

 262,500 

 583,014 

 None 

 14,398 

 262,500 

 597,412 

 859,912 

 596,009 

 05/29/87 

 300 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 None 

 448,000 

 832,667 

 None 

 None 

 448,000 

 832,667 

 1,280,667 

 179,022 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lufkin 

 TX 

 None 

 128,842 

 239,585 

 None 

 None 

 128,842 

 239,585 

 368,427 

 67,483 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Lumberton 

 TX 

 None 

 111,146 

 206,720 

 None 

 None 

 111,146 

 206,720 

 317,866 

 58,226 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Plano 

 TX 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,819 

 None 

 None 

 840,000 

 1,560,819 

 2,400,819 

 335,574 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Porter 

 TX 

 None 

 227,067 

 333,031 

 None 

 None 

 227,067 

 333,031 

 560,098 

 238,117 

 02/09/95 

 300 

 Santa Fe 

 TX 

 None 

 304,414 

 623,331 

 None 

 None 

 304,414 

 623,331 

 927,745 

 368,746 

 03/23/98 

 300 

 Sealy 

 TX 

 None 

 197,871 

 391,753 

 None 

 128 

 197,871 

 391,881 

 589,752 

 336,321 

 06/25/91 

 300 

 Spring 

 TX 

 None 

 378,654 

 704,206 

 None 

 None 

 378,654 

 704,206 

 1,082,860 

 151,402 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Stafford 

 TX 

 None 

 214,024 

 423,733 

 None 

 128 

 214,024 

 423,861 

 637,885 

 363,772 

 06/26/91 

 300 

 Temple 

 TX 

 None 

 302,505 

 291,414 

 None 

 None 

 302,505 

 291,414 

 593,919 

 208,361 

 02/09/95 

 300 

 Texarkana 

 TX 

 None 

 311,263 

 578,266 

 None 

 None 

 311,263 

 578,266 

 889,529 

 263,108 

 08/31/01 

 300 

 Vidor 

 TX 

 None 

 146,291 

 271,990 

 None 

 None 

 146,291 

 271,990 

 418,281 

 76,611 

 12/22/05 

 300 

 Hampton 

 VA 

 None 

 805,000 

 1,495,800 

 None 

 None 

 805,000 

 1,495,800 

 2,300,800 

 321,595 

 08/28/07 

 300 

 Lynchburg 

 VA 

 None 

 308,824 

 573,529 

 None 

 None 

 308,824 

 573,529 

 882,353 

 52,574 

 09/14/10 

 300 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 None 

 551,588 

 797,260 

 12,325 

 10,004 

 551,588 

 819,589 

 1,371,177 

 480,094 

 02/23/98 

 300 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 None 

 479,531 

 646,719 

 None 

 None 

 479,531 

 646,719 

 1,126,250 

 382,589 

 03/27/98 

 300 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 None 

 340,126 

 631,662 

 None 

 None 

 340,126 

 631,662 

 971,788 

 17,897 

 04/17/12 

 300 

 Grafton 

 WI 

 None 

 149,778 

 332,664 

 None 

 172 

 149,778 

 332,836 

 482,614 

 332,810 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Green Bay 

 WI 

 None 

 308,131 

 572,756 

 None 

 None 

 308,131 

 572,756 

 880,887 

 159,417 

 01/11/06 

 300 

 Oshkosh 

 WI 

 None 

 385,870 

 716,616 

 None 

 None 

 385,870 

 716,616 

 1,102,486 

 20,304 

 04/17/12 

 300 

 Shoe stores 

 Staten Island 

 NY 

 None 

 3,190,883 

 3,413,933 

 18,229 

 207,462 

 3,190,883 

 3,639,624 

 6,830,507 

 1,644,497 

 03/26/98 

 300 

 Sporting goods 

 Anchorage 

 AK 

 None 

 1,486,000 

 5,045,244 

 None 

 None 

 1,486,000 

 5,045,244 

 6,531,244 

 2,261,943 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 None 

 984,890 

 1,536,269 

 None 

 None 

 984,890 

 1,536,269 

 2,521,159 

 361,005 

 02/12/07 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 2,730,000 

 4,509,356 

 None 

 None 

 2,730,000 

 4,509,356 

 7,239,356 

 398,326 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 None 

 3,250,000 

 5,735,722 

 None 

 None 

 3,250,000 

 5,735,722 

 8,985,722 

 506,655 

 10/22/10 

 300 

 Fresno 

 CA 

 None 

 1,650,000 

 3,321,244 

 None 

 None 

 1,650,000 

 3,321,244 

 4,971,244 

 1,489,016 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Daytona Beach 

 FL 

 None 

 608,790 

 2,557,564 

 None 

 None 

 608,790 

 2,557,564 

 3,166,354 

 930,780 

 09/10/03 

 04/18/03 

 300 

 Fort Myers 

 FL 

 None 

 1,695,000 

 2,025,554 

 None 

 None 

 1,695,000 

 2,025,554 

 3,720,554 

 908,120 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Gainesville 

 FL 

 None 

 1,296,000 

 2,234,554 

 None 

 None 

 1,296,000 

 2,234,554 

 3,530,554 

 1,001,821 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Jupiter 

 FL 

 None 

 1,698,316 

 4,352,255 

 None 

 247,488 

 1,698,316 

 4,599,743 

 6,298,059 

 1,777,016 

 05/03/00 

 300 

 Melbourne 

 FL 

 None 

 994,000 

 4,076,554 

 None 

 None 

 994,000 

 4,076,554 

 5,070,554 

 1,827,651 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Orlando 

 FL 

 None 

 1,197,000 

 2,573,554 

 None 

 None 

 1,197,000 

 2,573,554 

 3,770,554 

 1,153,806 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Pooler 

 GA 

 None 

 1,339,957 

 1,831,350 

 None 

 None 

 1,339,957 

 1,831,350 

 3,171,307 

 491,076 

 03/01/06 

 300 

 Geneva 

 IL 

 None 

 2,082,000 

 1,838,888 

 None 

 None 

 2,082,000 

 1,838,888 

 3,920,888 

 824,429 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Bowie 

 MD 

 None 

 2,084,000 

 3,046,888 

 None 

 None 

 2,084,000 

 3,046,888 

 5,130,888 

 1,366,015 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Kearney 

 NE 

 None 

 173,950 

 344,393 

 None 

 203 

 173,950 

 344,596 

 518,546 

 310,841 

 05/01/90 

 300 

 Glendale 

 NY 

 None 

 5,559,686 

 4,447,566 

 None 

 None 

 5,559,686 

 4,447,566 

 10,007,252 

 1,430,634 

 12/29/04 

 300 

 Mechanicsburg 

 PA 

 None 

 2,101,415 

 3,902,912 

 None 

 None 

 2,101,415 

 3,902,912 

 6,004,327 

 1,736,795 

 11/08/01 

 300 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 None 

 1,145,120 

 2,770,957 

 None 

 432 

 1,145,120 

 2,771,389 

 3,916,509 

 576,302 

 03/03/05 

 300 

 Spartanburg 

 SC 

 None 

 1,234,815 

 3,111,921 

 (428,405) 

 None 

 806,410 

 3,111,921 

 3,918,331 

 968,651 

 03/03/05 

 300 

 El Paso 

 TX 

 None 

 700,000 

 2,501,244 

 None 

 None 

 700,000 

 2,501,244 

 3,201,244 

 1,121,383 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 F-62 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Fredericksburg 

 VA 

 None 

 1,941,000 

 2,979,888 

 None 

 None 

 1,941,000 

 2,979,888 

 4,920,888 

 1,335,977 

 10/17/01 

 300 

 Telecommunications 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 None 

 2,720,359 

 11,128,077 

 None 

 147 

 2,720,359 

 11,128,224 

 13,848,583 

 760,460 

 04/01/11 

 300 

 Salem 

 OR 

 None 

 1,721,686 

 9,387,216 

 2,750 

 None 

 1,721,686 

 9,389,966 

 11,111,652 

 579,188 

 06/22/11 

 300 

 Brownsville 

 TX 

 None 

 1,740,479 

 11,570,294 

 None 

 147 

 1,740,479 

 11,570,441 

 13,310,920 

 790,679 

 04/01/11 

 300 

 Theaters 

 Fairbanks 

 AK 

 None 

 2,586,879 

 9,575 

 None 

 None 

 2,586,879 

 9,575 

 2,596,454 

 4,612 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 None 

 2,810,868 

 14,308 

 None 

 None 

 2,810,868 

 14,308 

 2,825,176 

 6,891 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 None 

 2,060,287 

 8,914,162 

 None 

 None 

 2,060,287 

 8,914,162 

 10,974,449 

 490,279 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Norwalk 

 CA 

 None 

 2,466,208 

 13,463,098 

 None 

 None 

 2,466,208 

 13,463,098 

 15,929,306 

 740,470 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Naples 

 FL 

 None 

 2,618,441 

 8,979,199 

 None 

 None 

 2,618,441 

 8,979,199 

 11,597,640 

 4,414,753 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Austell 

 GA 

 None 

 2,497,504 

 10,148,237 

 None 

 None 

 2,497,504 

 10,148,237 

 12,645,741 

 558,153 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Chamblee 

 GA 

 None 

 4,329,404 

 14,942 

 None 

 None 

 4,329,404 

 14,942 

 4,344,346 

 7,009 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Morrow 

 GA 

 None 

 2,962,468 

 13,170,143 

 8,480 

 None 

 2,962,468 

 13,178,623 

 16,141,091 

 725,196 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Council Bluffs 

 IA 

 None 

 4,924,553 

 11,652,293 

 None 

 None 

 4,924,553 

 11,652,293 

 16,576,846 

 2,277,626 

 01/31/08 

 300 

 Dubuque 

 IA 

 None 

 3,185,053 

 5,915,983 

 None 

 None 

 3,185,053 

 5,915,983 

 9,101,036 

 1,173,336 

 01/31/08 

 300 

 Edwardsville 

 IL 

 None 

 4,270,500 

 9,070,885 

 None 

 None 

 4,270,500 

 9,070,885 

 13,341,385 

 2,645,665 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Lake in the Hills 

 IL 

 None 

 3,297,566 

 9,364,286 

 None 

 None 

 3,297,566 

 9,364,286 

 12,661,852 

 2,731,241 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Marion 

 IL 

 None 

 832,500 

 3,499,885 

 None 

 None 

 832,500 

 3,499,885 

 4,332,385 

 1,020,790 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Mattoon 

 IL 

 None 

 543,183 

 5,110,193 

 None 

 None 

 543,183 

 5,110,193 

 5,653,376 

 1,490,463 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Pekin 

 IL 

 None 

 1,575,231 

 9,183,100 

 None 

 None 

 1,575,231 

 9,183,100 

 10,758,331 

 2,678,395 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Rockford 

 IL 

 None 

 4,270,500 

 16,675,954 

 (1,779 

 ) 

 None 

 4,268,721 

 16,675,954 

 20,944,675 

 4,863,810 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Springfield 

 IL 

 None 

 3,151,838 

 10,404,452 

 None 

 None 

 3,151,838 

 10,404,452 

 13,556,290 

 3,034,622 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Bloomington 

 IN 

 None 

 2,498,642 

 7,934,745 

 None 

 None 

 2,498,642 

 7,934,745 

 10,433,387 

 2,314,291 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Columbus 

 IN 

 None 

 1,999,812 

 7,234,361 

 None 

 None 

 1,999,812 

 7,234,361 

 9,234,173 

 2,110,012 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 None 

 2,700,395 

 17,672,980 

 None 

 None 

 2,700,395 

 17,672,980 

 20,373,375 

 4,952,822 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Terre Haute 

 IN 

 None 

 1,249,321 

 9,835,885 

 None 

 None 

 1,249,321 

 9,835,885 

 11,085,206 

 2,868,790 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Coon Rapids 

 MN 

 None 

 2,460,040 

 14,964,514 

 None 

 None 

 2,460,040 

 14,964,514 

 17,424,554 

 4,364,640 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Inver Grove 

 MN 

 None 

 2,863,272 

 15,274,237 

 None 

 None 

 2,863,272 

 15,274,237 

 18,137,509 

 4,454,976 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Poplar Bluff 

 MO 

 None 

 1,106,618 

 4,872,502 

 None 

 None 

 1,106,618 

 4,872,502 

 5,979,120 

 1,421,137 

 09/28/05 

 300 

 Rockaway 

 NJ 

 None 

 8,634,576 

 14,679,823 

 None 

 None 

 8,634,576 

 14,679,823 

 23,314,399 

 3,551,648 

 12/06/06 

 04/13/05 

 300 

 Binghamton 

 NY 

 None 

 2,700,000 

 5,570,505 

 14,812 

 None 

 2,700,000 

 5,585,317 

 8,285,317 

 1,632,738 

 09/29/05 

 300 

 Henrietta 

 NY 

 None 

 2,152,546 

 8,953,645 

 None 

 None 

 2,152,546 

 8,953,645 

 11,106,191 

 492,450 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Akron 

 OH 

 None 

 1,511,018 

 1,386 

 None 

 None 

 1,511,018 

 1,386 

 1,512,404 

 667 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Beavercreek 

 OH 

 None 

 2,062,545 

 8,467,551 

 421,563 

 None 

 2,062,545 

 8,889,114 

 10,951,659 

 483,116 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 2,103,351 

 5,161,550 

 None 

 None 

 2,103,351 

 5,161,550 

 7,264,901 

 2,090,415 

 11/01/02 

 300 

 Hillsboro 

 OR 

 None 

 4,915,032 

 16,377 

 None 

 None 

 4,915,032 

 16,377 

 4,931,409 

 7,888 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Portland 

 OR 

 None 

 2,793,001 

 9,942 

 None 

 None 

 2,793,001 

 9,942 

 2,802,943 

 4,789 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Spartanburg 

 SC 

 None 

 2,072,738 

 8,340,814 

 None 

 None 

 2,072,738 

 8,340,814 

 10,413,552 

 152,915 

 07/31/12 

 300 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 None 

 2,280,000 

 2,802,189 

 None 

 102 

 2,280,000 

 2,802,291 

 5,082,291 

 723,901 

 07/26/06 

 300 

 Laredo 

 TX 

 None 

 2,161,477 

 5,561,558 

 None 

 None 

 2,161,477 

 5,561,558 

 7,723,035 

 1,364,138 

 10/11/06 

 08/09/05 

 300 

 Live Oak 

 TX 

 None 

 2,910,035 

 12,674,850 

 None 

 None 

 2,910,035 

 12,674,850 

 15,584,885 

 697,117 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Longview 

 TX 

 None 

 2,887,500 

 5,363,826 

 None 

 None 

 2,887,500 

 5,363,826 

 8,251,326 

 1,510,811 

 12/21/05 

 300 

 Lubbock 

 TX 

 None 

 1,642,533 

 6,984,372 

 None 

 None 

 1,642,533 

 6,984,372 

 8,626,905 

 384,140 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Waco 

 TX 

 None 

 1,013,706 

 5,880,539 

 None 

 None 

 1,013,706 

 5,880,539 

 6,894,245 

 1,460,334 

 10/06/06 

 300 

 Glen Allen 

 VA 

 None 

 1,314,065 

 9,748,457 

 None 

 None 

 1,314,065 

 9,748,457 

 11,062,522 

 4,792,955 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 F-63 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 None 

 2,212,494 

 9,324,958 

 None 

 None 

 2,212,494 

 9,324,958 

 11,537,452 

 512,873 

 08/08/11 

 300 

 Sterling 

 VA 

 None 

 4,546,305 

 33,325 

 None 

 None 

 4,546,305 

 33,325 

 4,579,630 

 15,491 

 09/27/00 

 300 

 Marysville 

 WA 

 None 

 1,988,142 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 1,988,142 

 - 

 1,988,142 

 - 

 07/27/00 

 300 

 Fitchburg 

 WI 

 None 

 5,540,553 

 10,290,483 

 None 

 None 

 5,540,553 

 10,290,483 

 15,831,036 

 2,040,946 

 01/31/08 

 300 

 Transportation services 

 Palmetto 

 FL 

 None 

 1,853,907 

 9,635,997 

 4,500 

 None 

 1,853,907 

 9,640,497 

 11,494,404 

 691,124 

 03/17/11 

 300 

 Conley 

 GA 

 None 

 420,000 

 780,000 

 None 

 None 

 420,000 

 780,000 

 1,200,000 

 61,100 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 None 

 612,500 

 1,137,500 

 None 

 None 

 612,500 

 1,137,500 

 1,750,000 

 89,104 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Grayslake 

 IL 

 None 

 5,044,195 

 23,762,966 

 500 

 None 

 5,044,195 

 23,763,466 

 28,807,661 

 1,168,090 

 04/21/11 

 300 

 Evansville 

 IN 

 None 

 959,651 

 4,053,122 

 None 

 None 

 959,651 

 4,053,122 

 5,012,773 

 209,411 

 09/13/11 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 2,840,499 

 7,375,302 

 1,000 

 None 

 2,840,499 

 7,376,302 

 10,216,801 

 528,738 

 03/16/11 

 300 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 None 

 472,500 

 877,500 

 None 

 None 

 472,500 

 877,500 

 1,350,000 

 68,738 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 St. Rose 

 LA 

 None 

 3,147,428 

 8,283,048 

 None 

 None 

 3,147,428 

 8,283,048 

 11,430,476 

 345,127 

 12/20/11 

 300 

 Baltimore 

 MD 

 None 

 1,740,080 

 4,580,068 

 None 

 None 

 1,740,080 

 4,580,068 

 6,320,148 

 1,725,860 

 12/24/03 

 04/01/03 

 300 

 Detroit 

 MI 

 None 

 280,000 

 520,000 

 None 

 None 

 280,000 

 520,000 

 800,000 

 40,733 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Gibraltar 

 MI 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 700,000 

 35,642 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Shakopee 

 MN 

 None 

 2,451,948 

 7,961,282 

 None 

 None 

 2,451,948 

 7,961,282 

 10,413,230 

 570,559 

 03/17/11 

 300 

 Petal 

 MS 

 None 

 315,000 

 2,121,606 

 None 

 None 

 315,000 

 2,121,606 

 2,436,606 

 44 

 In-progress 

 07/12/12 

 300 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,365,000 

 None 

 None 

 735,000 

 1,365,000 

 2,100,000 

 106,925 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 700,000 

 35,642 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Vandalia 

 OH 

 None 

 719,985 

 10,102,113 

 None 

 None 

 719,985 

 10,102,113 

 10,822,098 

 286,227 

 04/10/12 

 300 

 Walbridge 

 OH 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,000 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,000 

 600,000 

 30,550 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Coraopolis 

 PA 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 None 

 None 

 350,000 

 650,000 

 1,000,000 

 50,917 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Franklin 

 PA 

 None 

 405,243 

 1,831,240 

 22,294 

 None 

 405,243 

 1,853,534 

 2,258,777 

 134,009 

 03/15/11 

 300 

 Parker 

 PA 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,000 

 None 

 None 

 210,000 

 390,000 

 600,000 

 30,550 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 None 

 2,024,239 

 8,974,591 

 500 

 None 

 2,024,239 

 8,975,091 

 10,999,330 

 643,267 

 03/17/11 

 300 

 Freeport 

 TX 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 None 

 None 

 245,000 

 455,000 

 700,000 

 35,642 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 La Porte 

 TX 

 None 

 875,000 

 1,625,000 

 None 

 None 

 875,000 

 1,625,000 

 2,500,000 

 127,292 

 01/10/11 

 300 

 Vineyard 

 UT 

 None 

 1,732,107 

 5,356,844 

 None 

 None 

 1,732,107 

 5,356,844 

 7,088,951 

 383,907 

 03/17/11 

 300 

 Charleston 

 WV 

 None 

 2,251,894 

 4,053,565 

 None 

 None 

 2,251,894 

 4,053,565 

 6,305,459 

 4,826 

 12/28/12 

 420 

 Video rental 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 None 

 392,795 

 865,115 

 39,818 

 522 

 392,795 

 905,455 

 1,298,250 

 537,012 

 09/30/97 

 300 

 Forest Park 

 OH 

 None 

 328,187 

 921,232 

 118,422 

 275 

 328,187 

 1,039,929 

 1,368,116 

 576,165 

 11/14/97 

 300 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 None 

 406,056 

 886,293 

 56,019 

 792 

 406,056 

 943,104 

 1,349,160 

 548,075 

 09/26/97 

 300 

 Wholesale clubs 

 Derby 

 CT 

 None 

 5,699,931 

 10,584,586 

 1,000 

 None 

 5,699,931 

 10,585,586 

 16,285,517 

 123,512 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Waterford 

 CT 

 None 

 11,841,797 

 21,990,910 

 1,000 

 None 

 11,841,797 

 21,991,910 

 33,833,707 

 256,586 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Sanford 

 FL 

 None 

 5,788,032 

 10,748,203 

 1,000 

 None 

 5,788,032 

 10,749,203 

 16,537,235 

 125,421 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Bel Air 

 MD 

 None 

 8,965,840 

 16,649,846 

 1,000 

 None 

 8,965,840 

 16,650,846 

 25,616,686 

 194,273 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Columbia 

 MD 

 None 

 10,208,201 

 18,958,088 

 None 

 None 

 10,208,201 

 18,958,088 

 29,166,289 

 979,501 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Nashua 

 NH 

 None 

 7,204,581 

 13,379,935 

 None 

 None 

 7,204,581 

 13,379,935 

 20,584,516 

 691,297 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Clay 

 NY 

 None 

 6,902,476 

 12,817,384 

 1,500 

 None 

 6,902,476 

 12,818,884 

 19,721,360 

 149,574 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Freeport 

 NY 

 None 

 13,122,718 

 24,369,763 

 1,000 

 None 

 13,122,718 

 24,370,763 

 37,493,481 

 1,259,229 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Yorktown Heights 

 NY 

 None 

 11,225,391 

 20,847,154 

 None 

 None 

 11,225,391 

 20,847,154 

 32,072,545 

 1,077,103 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Conshohocken 

 PA 

 None 

 7,231,557 

 13,430,034 

 None 

 None 

 7,231,557 

 13,430,034 

 20,661,591 

 693,885 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 F-64 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Cost Capitalized 

 Life on 

 Subsequent 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried 

 which 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 to Acquisition 

 at Close of Period (Notes 3, 4, 6 and 7) 

 depreciation 

 Buildings, 

 Buildings, 

 in latest 

 Improvements 

 Improvements 

 Income 

 and 

 and 

 Accumulated 

 Statement 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Acquisition 

 Carrying 

 Acquisition 

 Depreciation 

 Date of 

 Date 

 is Computed 

 (Note 1) 

 (Note 2) 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Improvements 

 Costs 

 Land 

 Fees 

 Total 

 (Note 5) 

 Construction 

 Acquired 

 (in Months) 

 Stroudsburg 

 PA 

 None 

 5,192,837 

 9,642,340 

 1,500 

 None 

 5,192,837 

 9,643,840 

 14,836,677 

 112,531 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 York 

 PA 

 None 

 5,433,864 

 10,090,462 

 1,000 

 None 

 5,433,864 

 10,091,462 

 15,525,326 

 117,747 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Mechanicsville 

 VA 

 None 

 5,650,222 

 10,493,270 

 None 

 None 

 5,650,222 

 10,493,270 

 16,143,492 

 122,421 

 09/20/12 

 300 

 Woodbridge 

 VA 

 None 

 5,659,285 

 10,509,101 

 1,000 

 None 

 5,659,285 

 10,510,101 

 16,169,386 

 543,095 

 09/30/11 

 300 

 Other 

 El Centro 

 CA 

 None 

 520,000 

 2,185,899 

 None 

 None 

 520,000 

 2,185,899 

 2,705,899 

 287,810 

 09/17/09 

 300 

 Escondido 

 CA 

 None 

 1,949,375 

 12,966,248 

 453,991 

 None 

 1,949,375 

 13,420,239 

 15,369,614 

 2,837,920 

 08/13/07 

 01/18/06 

 300 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 None 

 3,745,000 

 8,885,351 

 113,731 

 35,308 

 3,745,000 

 9,034,390 

 12,779,390 

 7,065,643 

 03/08/86 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 None 

 2,485,160 

 8,697,822 

 2,256,613 

 132,990 

 2,485,160 

 11,087,425 

 13,572,585 

 17,200,190 

 01/23/89 

 09/19/86 

 300 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 None 

 5,797,411 

 15,473,497 

 208,470 

 75,947 

 5,797,411 

 15,757,914 

 21,555,325 

 10,373,675 

 01/20/89 

 08/05/87 

 300 

 Venice 

 FL 

 None 

 259,686 

 362,562 

 4,535 

 154 

 259,686 

 367,251 

 626,937 

 237,275 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Brunswick 

 GA 

 None 

 290,369 

 788,880 

 36,532 

 15,789 

 290,369 

 841,201 

 1,131,570 

 482,306 

 12/31/97 

 300 

 Nampa 

 ID 

 None 

 183,743 

 408,101 

 None 

 9,024 

 183,743 

 417,125 

 600,868 

 403,265 

 05/06/88 

 300 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 None 

 289,714 

 797,856 

 10,910 

 16,580 

 289,714 

 825,346 

 1,115,060 

 455,320 

 11/23/98 

 300 

 Billerica 

 MA 

 None 

 398,292 

 740,107 

 8,549 

 7,647 

 398,292 

 756,303 

 1,154,595 

 152,470 

 11/14/07 

 300 

 Jackson 

 MS 

 None 

 405,360 

 656,296 

 (124,313 

 ) 

 21,751 

 405,360 

 553,734 

 959,094 

 453,327 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Meridian 

 MS 

 None 

 181,156 

 515,598 

 79,143 

 None 

 181,156 

 594,741 

 775,897 

 375,058 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Lakewood 

 NY 

 None 

 144,859 

 526,301 

 96,813 

 171 

 144,859 

 623,285 

 768,144 

 352,796 

 11/26/96 

 300 

 Watertown 

 NY 

 None 

 139,199 

 0 

 None 

 None 

 139,199 

 - 

 139,199 

 - 

 08/18/86 

 300 

 Mt. Vernon 

 OH 

 None 

 726,626 

 1,351,151 

 None 

 11,556 

 726,626 

 1,362,707 

 2,089,333 

 331,268 

 11/01/06 

 300 

 Humble 

 TX 

 None 

 106,000 

 545,518 

 64,047 

 6,512 

 106,000 

 616,077 

 722,077 

 585,919 

 03/25/86 

 300 

 Hurst 

 TX 

 None 

 373,084 

 871,163 

 23,096 

 None 

 373,084 

 894,259 

 1,267,343 

 513,468 

 07/29/98 

 300 

 Lubbock 

 TX 

 None 

 49,000 

 108,831 

 24,197 

 1,013 

 49,000 

 134,041 

 183,041 

 118,592 

 10/29/87 

 300 

 Hampton 

 VA 

 None 

 373,499 

 836,071 

 7,601 

 33,111 

 373,499 

 876,783 

 1,250,282 

 513,227 

 12/19/97 

 300 

 Crest Net Lease 

 None 

 3,446,234 

 4,780,416 

 (4,364,592) 

 17,108 

 3,446,235 

 432,932 

 3,879,167 

 221,234 

 165,926,830 

 2,019,157,380 

 3,945,409,742 

 7,910,878 

 5,677,929 

 2,016,080,545 

 3,962,075,383 

 5,978,155,929 

 936,019,074 

 Note 1. 

 Realty Income Corporation ownes 2,996 single-tenant properties and Crest Net Lease, Inc. owns four properties. Realty Income Corporation also owns 17 multi-tenant properties, three are located in San Diego, CA and one is located in each of the following cities: Escondido, CA; Hanford, CA; Danbury, CT; Brandon, FL; Cutler Ridge, FL; Deerfield Beach, FL; Edmond, OK; Jackson, TN; Cedar Park, TX; Dallas, TX; Humble, TX; The Colony, TX; Virginia Beach, VA and Sheboygan, WI. 

 Note 2. 

 Includes mortgages payable secured by eleven properties, but excludes unamortized net debt premiums of $9.9 million. 

 Note 3. 

 The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes for Realty Income Corporation is $6,000,102,857 and for Crest Net Lease, Inc. is $8,448,564. 

 F-65 

 Table of Contents 

 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 Note 4. 

 The following is a reconciliation of total real estate carrying value for the years ended December 31: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance at Beginning of Period 

 4,976,096,132 

 4,119,901,302 

 3,449,776,818 

 Additions During Period: 

 Acquisitions 

 1,130,059,158 

 1,016,170,863 

 713,534,296 

 Less amounts allocated to intangible assets that are included in Other Assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (86,100,036) 

 (133,491,909) 

 (15,384,932) 

 Equipment 

 0 

 14,238 

 33,268 

 Improvements, Etc. 

 4,934,558 

 2,435,950 

 2,044,036 

 Other (Leasing Costs and Building Adjustments as a result of net debt premiums) 

 13,081,252 

 3,286,251 

 1,500,953 

 Total Additions 

 1,061,974,932 

 888,415,393 

 701,727,621 

 Deductions During Period: 

 Cost of Real Estate sold or disposed of 

 54,223,955 

 31,383,561 

 30,254,678 

 Cost of Equipment sold 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 Releasing costs 

 582,705 

 584,192 

 410,234 

 Other (including Provisions for Impairment) 

 5,108,475 

 252,810 

 938,225 

 Total Deductions 

 59,915,135 

 32,220,563 

 31,603,137 

 Balance at Close of Period 

 5,978,155,929 

 4,976,096,132 

 4,119,901,302 

 Note 5. 

 The following is a reconciliation of accumulated depreciation for the years ended: 

 Balance at Beginning of Period 

 816,087,890 

 715,023,381 

 632,894,759 

 Additions During Period - Provision for Depreciation 

 135,470,091 

 113,671,104 

 94,489,028 

 Deductions During Period: 

 Accumulated depreciation of real estate and equipment sold or disposed of 

 15,538,907 

 12,606,595 

 12,360,406 

 Balance at Close of Period 

 936,019,074 

 816,087,890 

 715,023,381 

 Note 6. 

 In 2012, provisions for impairment were recorded on ten Realty Income properties. 

 In 2011, provisions for impairment were recorded on five Realty Income properties. 

 In 2010, provisions for impairment were recorded on four Realty Income properties and three Crest properties. 

 Note 7. 

 In accordance with FASB 143 and FASB interpretation No. 47, we recorded in aggregate $30,553 in 2012, $152,277 in 2011 and $81,593 in 2010 to two buildings for the fair value of legal obligations to peform asset-retirement activities that are conditional on future events. These two properties are reported in the drug store industry and are located in Girard, PA and Slippery Rock, PA. 

 See report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

 F-66