# PSA 10-K 申報日 2013-02-26 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001393311-13-000004
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1393311/000139331113000004/ps10k_2012.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 ps10k_2012.htm
 PUBLIC STORAGE FORM 10K

 ps10k_2012.htm 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 [X] Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

 or 

 [ ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from to . 

 Commission File Number: 001-33519 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 ( Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 

 95-3551121 

 ( State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization ) 

 ( I.R.S. Employer Identification Number ) 

 701 Western Avenue, Glendale, California 91201-2349 

 ( Address of principal executive offices ) ( Zip Code ) 

 (818) 244-8080 

 ( Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class 

 Name of each exchange 

 on which registered 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 6.875% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series O $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 6.500% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series P $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 6.500% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series Q $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 6.350% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series R $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.900% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series S $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.750% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series T $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.625% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series U $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.375% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series V $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.200% Cumulative Preferred Share, Series W $.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Common Shares, $.10 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

 1 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large Accelerated Filer [X] Accelerated Filer [ ] Non-accelerated Filer [ ] Smaller Reporting Company [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2012: 

 Common Shares, $0.10 Par Value – $20,712,158,000 (computed on the basis of $144.41 per share which was the reported closing sale price of the Company's Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2012). 

 As of February 22, 2013, there were 171,728,085 outstanding Common Shares, $.10 par value. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2013 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent described therein. 

 2 

 PART I 

 ITEM 1. 

 Business 

 Forward Looking Statements 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements in this document, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements which may be identified by the use of the words "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "would," "should," "may," "estimates" and similar expressions. 

 These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results and performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors and risks that may impact our future results and performance include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including: 

 · 

 general risks associated with the ownership and operation of real estate, including changes in demand, risks related to development of self-storage facilities, potential liability for environmental contamination, natural disasters and adverse changes in laws and regulations governing property tax, real estate and zoning; 

 · 

 risks associated with downturns in the national and local economies in the markets in which we operate, including risks related to current economic conditions and the economic health of our tenants; 

 · 

 the impact of competition from new and existing self-storage and commercial facilities and other storage alternatives; 

 · 

 difficulties in our ability to successfully evaluate, finance, integrate into our existing operations, and manage acquired and developed properties; 

 · 

 risks associated with international operations including, but not limited to, unfavorable foreign currency rate fluctuations, refinancing risk of affiliate loans from us, and local and global economic uncertainty that could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows; 

 · 

 risks related to our participation in joint ventures; 

 · 

 the impact of the regulatory environment as well as national, state, and local laws and regulations including, without limitation, those governing environmental, taxes and tenant insurance matters and real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), and risks related to the impact of new laws and regulations; 

 · 

 risk of increased tax expense associated either with a possible failure by us to qualify as a REIT, or with challenges to intercompany transactions with our taxable REIT subsidiaries; 

 · 

 disruptions or shutdowns of our automated processes, systems and the Internet or breaches of our data security; 

 · 

 risks associated with the self-insurance of certain business risks, including property and casualty insurance, employee health insurance and workers compensation liabilities; 

 · 

 risks related to the concentration of approximately 20% of our facilities in California; 

 3 

 · 

 difficulties in raising capital at a reasonable cost; and 

 · 

 economic uncertainty due to the impact of terrorism or war. 

 These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the dates indicated in the statements. All of our forward-looking statements, including those in this report, are qualified in their entirety by this statement. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, new estimates, or other factors, events or circumstances after the date of these forward looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on any forward-looking statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, as predictions of future events nor guarantees of future performance. 

 General 

 Public Storage was organized in 1980. Effective June 1, 2007, we reorganized Public Storage, Inc. into Public Storage (referred to herein as “the Company”, “the Trust”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”). 

 At December 31, 2012, our principal business activities are as follows: 

 (i) 

 Domestic Self-Storage : We acquire, develop, own, and operate self-storage facilities which offer storage spaces for lease, generally on a month-to-month basis, for personal and business use. We are the largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities in the United States (“U.S.”). We have direct and indirect equity interests in 2,078 self-storage facilities (132 million net rentable square feet of space) located in 38 states within the U.S. operating under the “Public Storage” brand name. 

 (ii) 

 European Self-Storage : We have a 49% equity interest in Shurgard Europe, with an institutional investor owning the remaining 51% interest. Shurgard Europe owns 188 self-storage facilities (10 million net rentable square feet of space) located in seven countries in Western Europe which operate under the “Shurgard” brand name, and manages one facility located in the United Kingdom that we wholly own. We believe Shurgard Europe is the largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities in Western Europe. 

 (iii) 

 Commercial : We have a 41% equity interest in PS Business Parks, Inc. (“PSB”), a publicly held REIT which owns and operates 28.3 million net rentable square feet of commercial space. We also wholly-own 1.4 million net rentable square feet of commercial space, substantially all of which is managed by PSB. 

 We conduct certain other activities that are not reported as separate segments including (i) the reinsurance of policies against losses to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities, (ii) the sale of merchandise at our self-storage facilities and (iii) management of self-storage facilities owned by third-party owners and entities that we have an ownership interest in but are not consolidated. 

 For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, we do not incur federal income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. We believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to elect and qualify as a REIT. 

 We report annually to the SEC on Form 10-K, which includes financial statements certified by our independent registered public accountants. We have also reported quarterly to the SEC on Form 10-Q, which includes unaudited financial statements with such filings. We expect to continue such reporting. 

 4 

 On our website, www.publicstorage.com , we make available, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

 Competition 

 We believe that storage customers generally store their goods within a five mile radius of their home or business, and most of our facilities compete with other nearby self-storage facilities for these customers. Our competitors attract customers using the same marketing channels we use, including Internet advertising, yellow pages, signage, and banners. We believe customers usually have many choices among local operators, each who can meet their storage needs, and as a result, competition is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental income and operating expenses of our facilities. 

 While competition is significant, the self-storage industry remains fragmented in the U.S. We believe that we own approximately 5% of the aggregate self-storage square footage in the U.S., and that collectively the five largest self-storage operators in the U.S. own approximately 11%, with the remaining 89% owned by numerous private regional and local operators. This market fragmentation enhances the advantage of our economies of scale and brand name recognition. Our economies of scale are driven primarily by our concentration in major metropolitan markets; approximately 71% of our same-store revenues for 2012 were in the 20 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (“MSA’s”, as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) with the highest population levels. 

 The fragmentation in the self-storage market also provides opportunities for us to acquire additional facilities; however, we compete for these acquisition opportunities with a wide variety of institutions and other investors who also view self-storage facilities as attractive investments. The amount of capital available for real estate investments greatly influences the competition for ownership interests in facilities and, by extension, the yields that we can achieve on newly acquired investments. 

 Business Attributes 

 We believe that we possess several primary business attributes that permit us to compete effectively: 

 Centralized information networks: Our centralized reporting and information network enables us to identify changing market conditions and operating trends as well as analyze customer data, and quickly change each of our individual properties’ pricing and promotional discounting on an automated basis. 

 Convenient shopping experience: Customers can conveniently shop the space available at our facilities, reviewing attributes such as facility location, size, amenities such as climate-control, as well as pricing, and learn about ancillary businesses through the following marketing channels: 

 · 

 Our Website: The online marketing channel continues to grow in prominence, with approximately 47% of our move-ins in 2012 sourced through our website, as compared to 36% in 2010. In addition, we believe that many of our customers who directly call our call center, or who move-in to a facility on a walk-in basis, have often already reviewed our pricing and space availability through our website. We invest extensively in advertising on the Internet to attract potential customers, primarily through the use of search engines, and we regularly update and improve our website to enhance its productivity. 

 · 

 Our Call Center: Our call center is staffed by sales specialists who are trained in phone selling skills. Customers reach our call center by calling i) our advertised toll-free telephone referral number, (800) 44-STORE, ii) an individual storage location’s telephone number advertised on each sign of our storage facilities, or iii) telephone numbers provided on our website. We believe giving customers the option to interact with a call center agent, despite the higher marginal cost relative to an internet reservation, enhances our ability to close sales with potential storage customers. 

 5 

 · 

 Walk-In: Customers can also shop at any one of our facilities. Property managers access the same information that is available on our website and to our call center agents, and can inform the customer of storage alternatives at that site or our other nearby storage facilities. Property managers are extensively trained to maximize the conversion of such “walk in” shoppers into customers. 

 Economies of scale: We are the largest provider of self-storage space in the U.S. As of December 31, 2012, we operated 2,078 self-storage facilities in which we had an interest with over one million self-storage spaces rented. These facilities are generally located in major markets within 38 states in the U.S. The size and scope of our operations have enabled us to achieve high operating margins and a low level of administrative costs relative to revenues through the centralization of many functions, such as facility maintenance, employee compensation and benefits programs, revenue management, as well as the development and documentation of standardized operating procedures. We also believe that our major market concentration provides managerial efficiencies stemming from having a large number of facilities in close proximity to each other. 

 Our market share and concentration in major metropolitan centers makes various promotional and media programs more cost-beneficial for us than for our competitors. As noted above, approximately 71% of our same-store revenues for 2012 were in the 20 MSA’s with the highest population levels. Our large market share and well-recognized brand name increases the likelihood that our facilities will appear prominently in unpaid search results for “self-storage” in Google and other search engines, and enhances the efficiency of our bidding for paid multiple-keyword advertising. We can use television advertising in many markets, while most of our competitors cannot do so cost-effectively. 

 Brand name recognition: We believe that the “Public Storage” brand name is the most recognized and established name in the self-storage industry in the U.S, due to our national reach in major markets in 38 states, and our highly visible facilities, with their distinct orange colored doors and signage, that are located principally in heavily populated areas. We believe the “Public Storage” name is one of the most frequently used search terms used by customers using Internet search engines for self-storage. We believe that the “Shurgard” brand, used by Shurgard Europe, is a similarly established and valuable brand in Europe. We believe that the awareness of our brand name results in a high percentage of potential storage customers considering our facilities, relative to other operators. 

 Growth and Investment Strategies 

 Our growth strategies consist of: (i) improving the operating performance of our existing self-storage facilities, (ii) acquiring more facilities, (iii) developing new self-storage space, (iv) participating in the growth of commercial facilities, primarily through our investment in PSB, and (v) participating in the growth of Shurgard Europe. While our long-term strategy includes each of these elements, in the short run the level of growth in our asset base in any period is dependent upon the cost and availability of capital, as well as the relative attractiveness of investment alternatives. 

 Improve the operating performance of existing facilities: We seek to increase the net cash flow generated by our existing self-storage facilities by a) regularly analyzing our call volume, reservation activity, move-in/move-out rates and other market supply and demand factors and responding by adjusting our marketing activities and rental rates, b) attempting to maximize revenues through evaluating the appropriate balance between occupancy, rental rates, and promotional discounting and c) controlling operating costs. We believe that our property management personnel, systems, our convenient shopping options for the customer, and our media advertising programs will continue to enhance our ability to meet these goals. 

 6 

 Acquire properties owned or operated by others in the U.S.: We seek to capitalize on the fragmentation of the self-storage business through acquiring attractively priced, well-located existing self-storage facilities. We believe our presence in and knowledge of substantially all of the major markets in the U.S. enhances our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Data on the rental rates and occupancy levels of our existing facilities provide us an advantage in evaluating the potential of acquisition opportunities. Over the past three years, we have acquired 77 facilities from third parties (5.5 million net rentable square feet) for approximately $546 million, including 24 facilities (1.9 million net rentable square feet) for approximately $226 million in 2012. The level of third-party acquisition opportunities available depends upon many factors, such as the motivation of potential sellers to liquidate their investments as well as the financing available to self-storage owners. We decide whether to pursue any such acquisition opportunities based upon many factors including our opinion as to the potential for future growth, the quality of construction and location, and our yield expectations. We will continue to seek to acquire properties in 2013. 

 Develop new self-storage space: The development of new self-storage locations and the expansion of existing self-storage facilities has been, from time to time, an important source of growth. Over the past three years our development activities were minimal. We have recently expanded our development efforts due in part to the significant increase in prices being paid for existing facilities, in many cases well above the cost of developing new facilities. At December 31, 2012, we had a development pipeline of projects to expand existing self-storage facilities and develop new self-storage facilities, which will add approximately 1.3 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. The aggregate cost of these projects is estimated at $169 million, of which $36 million had been incurred at December 31, 2012, and the remaining costs will be incurred principally in 2013. Some of these projects are subject to significant contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects and have hired additional personnel; however, due to the difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as the difficulty in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities, it is uncertain as to how much additional development we will undertake in the future. 

 Participate in the growth of commercial facilities primarily through our ownership in PS Business Parks, Inc.: Our investment in PSB provides us diversification into another asset type, and we have no plans of disposing of our investment in PSB. During 2010 and 2011, the challenging economic trends in commercial real estate resulted in year over year decreases in rental income for PSB’s “Same Park” facilities. During 2012, economic trends have improved, and PSB’s “Same Park” facilities had growth in rental income. It is uncertain what impact these trends will have on PSB’s future occupancy levels and rental income. 

 Over the past three years, PSB has been able to grow its portfolio through acquisitions. In 2010 and 2011, PSB acquired an aggregate total of 7.9 million net rentable square feet of commercial space for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $855.2 million, and in 2012, PSB acquired 1.2 million net rentable square feet for an aggregate purchase price of $52.5 million. PSB is a stand-alone public company traded on the New York Stock Exchange. As of December 31, 2012, PSB owned and operated approximately 28.3 million net rentable square feet of commercial space, and had an enterprise value of approximately $3.4 billion (based upon the trading price of PSB’s common stock combined with the liquidation value of its debt and preferred stock as of December 31, 2012). 

 Participate in the growth of European self-storage through ownership in Shurgard Europe: Shurgard Europe is the largest self-storage company in Western Europe, and owns and operates 188 facilities with approximately 10 million net rentable square feet in seven countries: France (principally Paris), Sweden (principally Stockholm), the United Kingdom (principally London), the Netherlands, Denmark (principally Copenhagen), Belgium and Germany. We own 49% of Shurgard Europe, with the other 51% owned by a large U.S. institutional investor. 

 Customer awareness and availability of self-storage is significantly lower in Shurgard Europe’s markets than in the U.S. With more awareness and product supply, we believe there is potential for increased demand for storage space in Europe. In the long run, we believe Shurgard Europe could capitalize on potential increased demand through the development of new facilities or, to a lesser extent, acquiring existing facilities. 

 Shurgard Europe has a term loan from a bank (the “Bank Loan”) with a balance of approximately €159.5 million ($210.8 million) at December 31, 2012, which matures in November 2014. Shurgard Europe also has a loan due to us totaling €311.0 million ($411.0 million) at December 31, 2012, which matures in February 2015. The Bank Loan requires Shurgard Europe to utilize a significant amount of its operating cash flow to reduce the outstanding principal. As a result, and in the absence of additional capital contributions by either us or our joint venture partner, Shurgard Europe’s ability to finance new investments will be constrained until its debt is refinanced. 

 7 

 Financing of the Company’s Growth Strategies 

 Overview of financing strategy : We have historically financed our investment activities with permanent capital, predominantly retained cash flow, the net proceeds from the issuance of preferred securities and common shares. Since we rarely dispose of our investments, we believe that financing with substantially permanent capital properly matches our long-lived real estate assets and avoids future refinancing risk. Further, we have elected to use preferred securities as a form of leverage despite the fact that the dividend rates of our preferred securities exceed the prevailing market interest rates on conventional debt, because of certain benefits described in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources.’’ Our present intention is to continue to finance substantially all our growth with internally generated cash flows and permanent capital. We believe that we are not dependent upon raising capital to fund our ongoing operations or meet our obligations. However, in order to grow our asset base, access to capital is important. 

 Issuance of preferred and common securities : When seeking capital, we generally select the lowest-cost form of permanent capital which is dependent on market conditions. During periods of favorable market conditions, we have generally been able to raise capital from preferred securities at an attractive cost of capital relative to the issuance of our common shares. During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we issued approximately $1.7 billion and $862.5 million, respectively, of preferred securities, and on January 16, 2013, we issued another $500.0 million of preferred securities. In December 2012, we raised approximately $101 million from the sale of Public Storage common shares owned by a wholly-owned subsidiary, which will enable that subsidiary to efficiently liquidate. 

 Borrowing on Line of Credit : We have in the past used our $300 million revolving line of credit as temporary “bridge” financing, and repaid borrowings with permanent capital. Most recently, on December 27, 2012, we borrowed $133.0 million on our line of credit to fund a portion of cash redemption costs for preferred securities, and on January 16, 2013 all outstanding amounts were repaid following the issuance of preferred securities. 

 Borrowing through mortgage loans or senior debt : While it is not our present intention to issue additional debt as a long-term financing strategy, we have broad powers to borrow in furtherance of our objectives without a vote of our shareholders. These powers are subject to a limitation on unsecured borrowings in our Bylaws described in “Limitations on Debt” below. 

 Our senior debt has an “A” credit rating by Standard and Poor’s. Notwithstanding our desire to continue to meet our capital needs with permanent capital, this high rating, combined with our low level of debt, could allow us to issue a significant amount of unsecured debt at lower interest rates than the coupon on preferred securities if we were to choose to do so. 

 Assumption of Debt: When we have assumed debt in the past, we have generally prepaid such amounts except in cases where the nature of the loan terms did not allow such prepayment, or where a prepayment penalty made it economically disadvantageous to prepay. Substantially all of our debt outstanding was assumed in connection with real estate acquisitions. 

 Issuance of securities in exchange for property : We have issued both our common and preferred securities in exchange for real estate and other investments in the past. Future issuances will be dependent upon our financing needs and capital market conditions at the time, including the market prices of our equity securities. 

 8 

 Joint Venture financing: In the past, we have formed joint ventures, and in the future we may form additional joint ventures to facilitate the funding of future developments or acquisitions. However, we can generally issue preferred securities on more favorable terms than joint venture financing. 

 Disposition of properties : Generally, we have disposed of self-storage facilities only when compelled to do so through condemnation proceedings. We do not presently intend to sell any significant number of self-storage facilities in the future, though there can be no assurance that we will not. 

 Investments in Real Estate and Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities 

 Investment Policies and Practices with respect to our investments : Following are our investment practices and policies which, though we do not anticipate any significant alteration, can be changed by our Board of Trustees without a shareholder vote: 

 · 

 Our investments primarily consist of direct ownership of self-storage facilities (the nature of our self-storage facilities is described in Item 2, “Properties”), as well as partial interests in entities that own self-storage facilities. 

 · 

 Our partial ownership interests primarily reflect general and limited partnership interests in entities that own self-storage facilities that are managed by us under the “Public Storage” brand name in the U.S., as well as storage facilities managed in Europe under the “Shurgard” brand name which are owned by Shurgard Europe. 

 · 

 Additional acquired interests in real estate (other than the acquisition of properties from third parties) will include common equity interests in entities in which we already have an interest. 

 · 

 To a lesser extent, we have interests in existing commercial properties (described in Item 2, “Properties”), containing commercial and industrial rental space, primarily through our investment in PSB. 

 Facilities Owned by Subsidiaries 

 In addition to our direct ownership of 2,049 self-storage facilities in the U.S. and one self-storage facility in London, England at December 31, 2012, we have controlling indirect interests in entities that own 15 self-storage facilities in the U.S. with approximately one million net rentable square feet. Due to our controlling interest in each of these entities, we consolidate the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of these entities in our financial statements. 

 Facilities Owned by Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities 

 At December 31, 2012, we had ownership interests in entities that we do not control or consolidate, comprised of PSB, Shurgard Europe (discussed above), and various limited partnerships that own an aggregate of 14 self-storage facilities with approximately 0.8 million net rentable square feet of storage space. These entities are referred to collectively as the “Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities.” 

 PSB, which files financial statements with the SEC, and Shurgard Europe, have debt and other obligations that we do not consolidate in our financial statements. None of the other Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities have significant amounts of debt or other obligations. See Note 4 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for further disclosure regarding the assets, liabilities and operating results of the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities. 

 Limitations on Debt 

 Without the consent of holders of the various series of Senior Preferred Shares, we may not take any action that would result in our “Debt Ratio” exceeding 50%. “Debt Ratio”, as defined in the related governing documents, represents generally the ratio of debt to total assets before accumulated depreciation and amortization on our balance sheet, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As of December 31, 2012, the Debt Ratio was approximately 4%. 

 9 

 Our bank and senior unsecured debt agreements contain various customary financial covenants, including limitations on the level of indebtedness and the prohibition of the payment of dividends upon the occurrence of defined events of default. We believe we have met each of these covenants as of December 31, 2012. 

 Employees 

 We have approximately 5,000 employees in the U.S. at December 31, 2012 who render services on behalf of the Company, primarily personnel engaged in property operations. 

 Seasonality 

 We experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of self-storage facilities with occupancies generally higher in the summer months than in the winter months. We believe that these fluctuations result in part from increased moving activity during the summer months. 

 Insurance 

 We have historically carried customary property, earthquake, general liability, medical insurance provided to our employees, and workers compensation coverage through internationally recognized insurance carriers, subject to customary levels of deductibles. The aggregate limits on these policies of approximately $75 million for property losses and $102 million for general liability losses are higher than estimates of maximum probable loss that could occur from individual catastrophic events determined in recent engineering and actuarial studies; however, in case of multiple catastrophic events, these limits could be exhausted. 

 Our tenant insurance program reinsures a program that provides insurance to certificate holders against claims for property losses due to specific named perils (earthquakes are not covered by these policies) to goods stored by tenants at our self-storage facilities for individual limits up to a maximum of $5,000. We have third-party insurance coverage for claims paid exceeding $5.0 million resulting from any one individual event, to a limit of $15.0 million. At December 31, 2012, there were approximately 700,000 certificate holders held by our self-storage tenants participating in this program, representing aggregate coverage of approximately $1.5 billion. We rely on a third-party insurance company to provide the insurance and are subject to licensing requirements and regulations in several states. 

 10 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

 In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the Company. This section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of Item 1. 

 We have significant exposure to real estate risk. 

 Since our business consists primarily of acquiring and operating real estate, we are subject to the risks related to the ownership and operation of real estate that can adversely impact our business and financial condition. These risks include the following: 

 Natural disasters or terrorist attacks could cause damage to our facilities, resulting in increased costs and reduced revenues. Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist attacks could cause significant damage and require significant repair costs, and make facilities temporarily uninhabitable, reducing our revenues. Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. See Note 13 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. We may not have sufficient insurance coverage for losses caused by a terrorist attack, or such insurance may not be maintained, available or cost-effective. In addition, significant natural disasters, terrorist attacks, threats of future terrorist attacks, or resulting wider armed conflicts could have negative impacts on the U.S. economy, reducing storage demand and impairing our operating results. 

 Operating costs could increase . We could be subject to increases in insurance premiums, increased or new property tax assessments or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases. 

 The acquisition of existing properties is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results. We have acquired material amounts of self-storage facilities from third parties in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties from other real estate investors. As a result, we may be unable to acquire additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable properties may be significantly increased. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating newly acquired properties into our operations or circumstances we did not detect during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. 

 Development of self-storage facilities can subject us to risks. At December 31, 2012, we have a pipeline of development projects totaling $169 million (subject to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects. There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. Self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors. 

 There is significant competition among self-storage facilities and from other storage alternatives . Most of our properties are self-storage facilities, which generated most of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012. Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and has affected our occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses. If development of self-storage facilities by other operators were to increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, competition with our facilities could intensify. 

 11 

 We may incur significant liabilities from hazardous wastes or moisture infiltration . Existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we weren’t responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified material liabilities. These assessments, commonly referred to as “Phase 1 Environmental Assessments,” include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties. 

 We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our tenants’ property, as well as potential health concerns. When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our tenants to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims. 

 We are not aware of any hazardous waste or moisture infiltration related liabilities that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop in the future. Settling any such liabilities could negatively impact our earnings and cash available for distribution to shareholders, and could also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 

 We incur liability from tenant and employment-related claims. From time to time we have to make monetary settlements or defend actions or arbitration (including class actions) to resolve tenant or employment-related claims and disputes. 

 Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth and access to capital. 

 Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for rental space in each of the markets in which we operate our properties. 

 Our ability to issue preferred shares or access other sources of capital, such as borrowing, has been in the past, and may in the future be, adversely affected by challenging credit market conditions. The issuance of perpetual preferred securities historically has been a significant source of capital to grow our business. We believe that we have sufficient working capital and capacity under our credit facilities and our retained cash flow from operations to continue to operate our business as usual and meet our current obligations. However, if we were unable to issue preferred shares or borrow at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base would be limited. 

 We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard Europe. 

 As a result of our ownership of 49% of the equity in Shurgard Europe with a book value of $411.1 million at December 31, 2012, and our loan to Shurgard Europe totaling $411.0 million at December 31, 2012, we are exposed to additional risks related to the ownership and operation of international businesses that may adversely impact our business and financial results, including the following: 

 · 

 Currency risks: Currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in, and loan to Shurgard Europe, as well as the related income we receive. 

 · 

 Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: We are subject to complex foreign laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, value added and employment tax laws. These laws can be difficult to apply or interpret and can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. Such changes, or Shurgard’s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, as well as potentially adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens. 

 12 

 · 

 Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard Europe: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede or increase the cost to Public Storage of, repatriation of funds we have invested in Shurgard Europe or our share of Shurgard Europe’s earnings. 

 · 

 Risks of collective bargaining and intellectual property: Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard Europe’s labor costs or operations. 

 · 

 Potential operating and individual country risks: Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates could pose challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard Europe’s same-store revenues. 

 · 

 Impediments of Shurgard Europe’s joint venture structure: Shurgard Europe’s significant decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, as well as selling or acquiring significant assets, require the consent of our joint venture partner. As a result, Shurgard Europe may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive. In addition, we could be unable to separately pursue such opportunities due to certain market exclusivity provisions of the Shurgard Europe joint venture agreement, and our 49% equity investment may not be easily sold or readily accepted as collateral by potential lenders to Public Storage due to the joint venture structure. 

 · 

 Refinancing risks: Shurgard Europe has a loan due to a bank (the “Bank Loan”), maturing in November 2014, totaling $210.8 million (€159.5 million), and a loan due to us, maturing in February 2015, totaling $411.0 million at December 31, 2012. As a condition of the Bank Loan, Shurgard Europe must use most of its available cash flow to make principal payments on the Bank Loan. As a result, the Bank Loan will be paid down and mature before ours, increasing the risk of nonpayment or default on our loan. In addition, if Shurgard Europe cannot refinance its debt upon maturity due to a constrained credit market, negative operating trends, or other factors, it may not be able to pay either the Bank Loan or our loan when due and the value of our equity investment could be negatively impacted. We may also be forced to pursue less advantageous options, such as an additional equity contribution or loan, extending the maturity date of our loan, or exercising our lender rights. 

 The Hughes Family could control us and take actions adverse to other shareholders. 

 At December 31, 2012, B. Wayne Hughes, our former Chairman, and his family, which includes two members of the board of trustees (the “Hughes Family”) owned approximately 15.9% of our aggregate outstanding common shares. Our declaration of trust permits the Hughes Family to own up to 35.66% of our outstanding common shares while it generally restricts the ownership by other persons and entities to 3% of our outstanding common shares. Consequently, the Hughes Family may significantly influence matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including electing trustees, amending our organizational documents, dissolving and approving other extraordinary transactions, such as a takeover attempt, resulting in an outcome that may not be favorable to other shareholders. 

 13 

 Takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders. 

 In certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change of control or acquisition of us, in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. However, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction: 

 · 

 Provisions of Maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with Public Storage. Currently, the Board has opted not to subject the Company to these provisions of Maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval. 

 · 

 To protect against the loss of our REIT status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the Hughes Family or “designated investment entities” (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares, in either case unless a specific exemption is granted by our board of trustees. These limits could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company not approved by our board of trustees. 

 · 

 Similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our Board of Trustees could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees in our declaration of trust, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares or equity shares on terms approved by the Board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws and (5) the Board’s ability under Maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. 

 If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would have to pay substantial income taxes. 

 REITs are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. A qualifying REIT does not generally incur federal income tax on its net income that is distributed to its shareholders. Our REIT status is also dependent upon the ongoing REIT qualification of our affiliate, PSB, as a REIT, as a result of our substantial ownership interest in that company. We believe that we are organized and have operated as a REIT and we intend to continue to operate to maintain our REIT status. 

 There can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a REIT. The highly technical nature of the REIT rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods or changes in our circumstances, all could adversely affect our ability to comply. For any taxable year that we fail to qualify as a REIT and statutory relief provisions did not apply, we would be taxed at the regular federal corporate rates on all of our taxable income and we also could be subject to penalties and interest. We would generally not be eligible to seek REIT status again until the fifth taxable year after the first year of failure to qualify. Any taxes, interest and penalties incurred would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders or for reinvestment and would adversely affect our earnings, which could have a material adverse effect. 

 We may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders. 

 Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state and local taxes on our income and property. Since January 1, 2001, certain corporate subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as “taxable REIT subsidiaries” for federal income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. If tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our taxable REIT subsidiaries to us are greater than what would be paid under similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. To the extent the Company is required to pay federal, foreign, state or local taxes or federal penalty taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. 

 14 

 We are heavily dependent on computer systems, telecommunications and the Internet to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business and security breaches or a failure of such networks, systems or technology could adversely impact our business and customer relationships. 

 We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with approximately half of our new tenants coming from the telephone or over the Internet, and the nature of our business involves the receipt and retention of personal information about our customers. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer worms, viruses and other destructive or disruptive security breaches and catastrophic events. 

 As a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other circumstance that resulted in a significant outage at our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures. Further, viruses and other related risks could negatively impact our information technology processes. We could also be subject to a “cyber-attack” or other data security breach which would penetrate our network security, resulting in misappropriation of our confidential information, including customer personal information. System disruptions and shutdowns could also result in additional costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems and possible legal liability, including government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. Such events could lead to lost future sales and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We have no ownership interest in Canadian self-storage facilities owned or operated by the Hughes Family. 

 At December 31, 2012, the Hughes Family had ownership interests in, and operated, 53 self-storage facilities in Canada (the “Canadian Self-Storage Facilities”). These facilities are operated under the “Public Storage” tradename, which we license to the Hughes Family for use in Canada on a royalty-free, non-exclusive basis. We have a right of first refusal, subject to limitations, to acquire the stock or assets of the corporation engaged in the operation of the Canadian Self-Storage Facilities if the Hughes Family or the corporation agrees to sell them. However, we do not benefit from profits or potential appreciation in value of the Canadian Self-Storage Facilities because we have no ownership interest in these facilities. We do not operate in the Canadian self-storage market, and have no plans to do so. However, if we choose to do so without acquiring the Hughes Family interests in the Canadian Self-Storage Facilities, we may have to share the use of the “Public Storage” name in Canada with the Hughes Family, unless we are able to terminate the license agreement. 

 Through our subsidiaries, we reinsure risks relating to loss of goods stored by tenants in the Canadian Self-Storage Facilities. During each of the three years ended December 31, 2012, we received $0.6 million in reinsurance premiums attributable to the Canadian Self-Storage Facilities. Because our right to earn these premiums may be qualified, there is no assurance that these premiums will continue. 

 We are subject to laws and governmental regulations and actions that require us to incur compliance costs affecting our operating results and financial condition. 

 Our business is subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies including those imposed by the SEC, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and New York Stock Exchange, as well as applicable labor laws. Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, failure to comply with the various laws and regulations may result in civil and criminal liability, fines and penalties, increased costs of compliance, restatement of our financial statements and could also affect the marketability of our real estate facilities. 

 15 

 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as well as other healthcare reform legislation recently passed or being considered by Congress and state legislatures (collectively, the “Healthcare Legislation”) are expected to impact our business beginning in 2014. Based on its current form, we believe that the Healthcare Legislation will at least moderately increase our costs; however, there could be a significant further negative impact to our costs and business depending upon how the various governmental agencies design and implement the specific regulations to implement the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the nature of further legislation that may be passed at the national and local level, and other factors. 

 In response to current economic conditions or the current political environment or otherwise, laws and regulations could be implemented or changed in ways that adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, such as legislation that could facilitate union activity or that would otherwise increase operating costs. 

 All our properties must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and with related regulations and similar state law requirements, as well as various real estate and zoning laws and regulations, which are subject to change and could become more costly to comply with in the future. Compliance with these requirements can require us to incur significant expenditures, which would reduce cash otherwise available for distribution to shareholders. A failure to comply with these laws could lead to fines or possible awards of damages to individuals affected by the non-compliance. Failure to comply with these requirements could also affect the marketability of our real estate facilities. 

 Our tenant insurance business is subject to governmental regulation which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth. 

 We hold Limited Lines Self-Service Storage Insurance Agent licenses from a number of individual state Departments of Insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision. Our continued ability to maintain these Limited Lines Self-Service Storage Insurance Agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations. The regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance agents. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded a total of $63.5 million in net income from our tenant reinsurance activities. 

 Developments in California may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

 Approximately one fifth of our U.S. properties, and our corporate headquarters, are located in California. California is facing budgetary problems and deficits. Actions that may be taken in response to these problems, such as increases in property taxes, changes to sales taxes, adoption of a proposed “Business Net Receipts Tax” or other governmental efforts to raise revenues, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. There has been legislative discussion regarding the repeal of certain components of “Proposition 13,” which, if so repealed, could result in a substantial increase in our property tax expense. 

 16 

 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 17 

 ITEM 2. Properties 

 At December 31, 2012, we had direct and indirect ownership interests in 2,078 self-storage facilities located in 38 states within the U.S. and 189 storage facilities located in seven Western European nations: 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Number of Storage Facilities (a) 

 Net Rentable Square Feet (in thousands) 

 U.S.: 

 California: 

 Southern 

 241 

 16,904 

 Northern 

 173 

 10,198 

 Texas 

 237 

 15,687 

 Florida 

 199 

 13,128 

 Illinois 

 126 

 7,904 

 Georgia 

 95 

 6,196 

 Washington 

 91 

 6,028 

 North Carolina 

 68 

 4,704 

 Virginia 

 78 

 4,471 

 New York 

 65 

 4,318 

 Colorado 

 59 

 3,713 

 New Jersey 

 56 

 3,549 

 Maryland 

 57 

 3,404 

 Minnesota 

 43 

 2,931 

 Michigan 

 43 

 2,755 

 Arizona 

 38 

 2,314 

 South Carolina 

 40 

 2,155 

 Missouri 

 37 

 2,136 

 Oregon 

 39 

 2,006 

 Pennsylvania 

 29 

 1,993 

 Indiana 

 31 

 1,926 

 Ohio 

 31 

 1,922 

 Nevada 

 27 

 1,818 

 Tennessee 

 27 

 1,528 

 Kansas 

 22 

 1,310 

 Massachusetts 

 20 

 1,249 

 Wisconsin 

 15 

 968 

 Other states (12 states) 

 91 

 5,154 

 Total – U.S. 

 2,078 

 132,369 

 Europe (b): 

 France 

 56 

 2,949 

 Netherlands 

 40 

 2,182 

 Sweden 

 30 

 1,629 

 Belgium 

 21 

 1,265 

 United Kingdom 

 21 

 1,026 

 Denmark 

 10 

 562 

 Germany 

 11 

 553 

 Total - Europe 

 189 

 10,166 

 Grand Total 

 2,267 

 142,535 

 (a) See Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation in the Company’s 2012 financials, for a complete list of properties consolidated by the Company. 

 (b) The facilities located in Europe include one facility in the United Kingdom that we wholly own, as well as the facilities owned by Shurgard Europe. 

 18 

 We seek to maximize our facilities’ cash flow through the regular review and adjustment of rents charged to our existing and new incoming tenants, and controlling expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the weighted average occupancy level and the average realized rent per occupied square foot for our self-storage facilities were approximately 91.5% and $13.54, respectively, in the U.S. and 80.7% and $26.23, respectively, in Europe. 

 At December 31, 2012, 64 of our U.S. facilities were encumbered by an aggregate of $149 million in secured notes payable. These facilities had a net book value of $344 million at December 31, 2012. 

 We have no specific policy as to the maximum size of any one particular self-storage facility. However, none of our facilities involves, or is expected to involve, 1% or more of our total assets, gross revenues or net income. 

 Description of Self-Storage Facilities: Self-storage facilities, which comprise the majority of our investments, are designed to offer accessible storage space for personal and business use at a relatively low cost. A user rents a fully enclosed space, securing the space with their lock, which is for the user's exclusive use and to which only the user has access on an unrestricted basis during business hours. On-site operation is the responsibility of property managers who are supervised by district managers. Some self-storage facilities also include rentable uncovered parking areas for vehicle storage. Storage spaces are rented on a month-to-month basis. Rental rates vary according to the location of the property, the size of the storage space, and other characteristics that affect the relative attractiveness of each particular space, such as whether the space has “drive-up” access or its proximity to elevators. All of our self-storage facilities in the U.S. are operated under the "Public Storage" brand name, while our facilities in Europe are operated under the “Shurgard” brand name. 

 Users include individuals from virtually all demographic groups, as well as businesses. Individuals usually obtain this space for storage of furniture, household appliances, personal belongings, motor vehicles, boats, campers, motorcycles and other household goods. Businesses normally employ this space for storage of excess inventory, business records, seasonal goods, equipment and fixtures. 

 Our self-storage facilities generally consist of between 350 to 750 storage spaces, most of which have between 25 and 400 square feet and an interior height of approximately eight to 12 feet. 

 We experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of self-storage facilities with occupancies generally higher in the summer months than in the winter months. We believe that these fluctuations result in part from increased moving activity during the summer months and incremental demand from college students. 

 Our self-storage facilities are geographically diversified and are located primarily in or near major metropolitan markets in 38 states in the U.S. Generally our self-storage facilities are located in heavily populated areas and close to concentrations of apartment complexes, single family residences and commercial developments. 

 Competition from other self-storage facilities is significant and impacts the occupancy levels and rental rates for many of our properties. 

 We believe that self-storage facilities, upon achieving stabilized occupancy levels of approximately 90%, have attractive characteristics consisting of high profit margins, a broad tenant base and low levels of capital expenditures to maintain their condition and appearance. Historically, upon stabilization after an initial fill-up period, our U.S. self-storage facilities have generally shown a high degree of stability in generating cash flows. 

 Description of Commercial Properties : We have an interest in PSB, which, as of December 31, 2012, owns and operates approximately 28.3 million net rentable square feet of commercial space in eight states. At December 31, 2012, the $316 million book value and $852 million market value, respectively, of our investment in PSB represents approximately 4% and 10%, respectively of our total assets. We also directly own 1.4 million net rentable square feet of commercial space managed primarily by PSB, primarily representing individual retail locations at our existing self-storage locations. 

 19 

 The commercial properties owned by PSB consist primarily of flex, multi-tenant office and industrial space. Flex space is defined as buildings that are configured with a combination of office and warehouse space and can be designed to fit a wide variety of uses (including office, assembly, showroom, laboratory, light manufacturing and warehouse space). 

 Environmental Matters: We accrue environmental assessments and estimated remediation cost when it is probable that such efforts will be required and the related costs can be reasonably estimated. Our current practice is to conduct environmental investigations in connection with property acquisitions. Although there can be no assurance, we are not aware of any environmental contamination of any of our facilities, which individually or in the aggregate would be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We are a party to various other legal proceedings and subject to various claims and complaints that have arisen in the normal course of business. We believe that the likelihood of these pending legal matters and other contingencies resulting in a material loss to the Company, either individually or in the aggregate, is remote. 

 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

 20 

 PART II 

 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 a. 

 Market Information of the Registrant’s Common Equity: 

 Our Common Shares (NYSE: PSA) have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since October 19, 1984. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of our Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange composite tapes for the applicable periods. 

 Range 

 Year 

 Quarter 

 High 

 Low 

 2011 

 1 st 

 $ 

 113.36 

 $ 

 99.96 

 2 nd 

 120.00 

 107.21 

 3 rd 

 124.81 

 101.77 

 4 th 

 136.67 

 103.42 

 2012 

 1 st 

 141.48 

 129.04 

 2 nd 

 146.49 

 129.77 

 3 rd 

 152.68 

 137.86 

 4 th 

 148.17 

 135.07 

 As of February 15, 2013, there were approximately 16,971 holders of record of our Common Shares. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

 b. 

 Dividends 

 We have paid quarterly distributions to our shareholders since 1981, our first full year of operations. During 2012 we paid distributions to our common shareholders of $1.10 per common share for each of the quarters ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, representing an aggregate of $751.2 million or $4.40 per share. During 2011 we paid distributions to our common shareholders of $0.80 per common share for the quarter ended March 31 and $0.95 per common share for each of the quarters ended June 30, September 30 and December 31, representing an aggregate of $619.7 million or $3.65 per share. During 2010 we paid distributions to our common shareholders of $0.65 per common share for the quarter ended March 31 and $0.80 per common share for each of the quarters ended June 30, September 30 and December 31, representing an aggregate of $515.3 million or $3.05 per share. 

 Holders of common shares are entitled to receive distributions when and if declared by our Board of Trustees out of any funds legally available for that purpose. As a REIT, we do not incur federal income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. We believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to elect and qualify as a REIT. 

 For Federal income tax purposes, distributions to shareholders are treated as ordinary income, capital gains, return of capital or a combination thereof. For 2012, the dividends paid on common shares ($4.40 per share) and on all the various classes of preferred shares were classified as follows: 

 21 

 1 st Quarter 

 2 nd Quarter 

 3 rd Quarter 

 4 th Quarter 

 Ordinary Income 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 Long-term Capital Gain 

 0.0000 

 % 

 0.0000 

 % 

 0.0000 

 % 

 0.0000 

 % 

 Total 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 For 2011, the dividends paid on common shares ($3.65 per share) and on all the various classes of preferred shares were classified as follows: 

 1 st Quarter 

 2 nd Quarter 

 3 rd Quarter 

 4 th Quarter 

 Ordinary Income 

 99.9406 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 96.6553 

 % 

 Long-term Capital Gain 

 0.0594 

 % 

 0.0000 

 % 

 0.0000 

 % 

 3.3447 

 % 

 Total 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 100.0000 

 % 

 c. 

 Equity Shares 

 We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 equity shares from time to time in one or more series and our Board of Trustees has broad authority to fix the dividend and distribution rights, conversion and voting rights, redemption provisions and liquidation rights of each series of equity shares. 

 At December 31, 2009, we had 8,377,193 Equity Shares, Series A outstanding, and on April 15, 2010 we redeemed all these shares at $24.50 per share for an aggregate redemption amount of $205.4 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, we paid quarterly distributions to the holders of the Equity Shares, Series A totaling $5.1 million ($0.6125 per share). No further distributions on Equity Shares, Series A were paid after their April 15, 2010 retirement. 

 At December 31, 2009, we had 4,289,544 Equity Shares, Series AAA (“Equity AAA Shares”) outstanding with a carrying value of $100,000,000, all of which were held by a wholly-owned subsidiary and eliminated in consolidation, and we retired all of these shares on August 31, 2010. For each of the quarters ended March 31, 2010 and June 30, 2010, we paid aggregate distributions to the holder of the Equity AAA Shares totaling $2.3 million or $0.5391 per share. No further distributions were paid on the Equity AAA Shares after their August 31, 2010 retirement. 

 d. 

 Common Share Repurchases 

 Our Board of Trustees has authorized the repurchase from time to time (with no expiration date) of up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 25, 2013, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares (all purchased prior to 2010) at an aggregate cost of approximately $679.1 million, and 11,278,084 common shares remain available to purchase under the authorization. Future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives, and the trading price of our common shares. 

 e. 

 Preferred Share Redemptions 

 In addition to the redemption price of $25.00 per share for all Cumulative Preferred Shares that we redeemed during 2012, we also paid accrued and unpaid dividends for such shares up to their respective redemption dates. The following table presents monthly information related to our redemptions of our Preferred Shares during the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 22 

 Period Covered 

 Total Number of Shares Repurchased 

 Average Price Paid per 

 Share 

 January 1, 2012 – January 31, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 February 1, 2012 – February 28, 2012 

 Preferred Shares – Series L 

 8,266,600 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Preferred Shares – Series E 

 5,650,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 March 1, 2012 – March 31, 2012 

 Preferred Shares – Series Y 

 350,900 

 $ 

 25.00 

 April 1, 2012 – April 30, 2012 

 Preferred Shares – Series M 

 19,065,353 

 $ 

 25.00 

 May 1, 2012 – May 31, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 June 1, 2012 – June 30, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 July 1, 2012 – July 31, 2012 

 Preferred Shares – Series N 

 6,900,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Preferred Shares – Series C 

 4,425,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 August 1, 2012 – August 31, 2012 

 Preferred Shares - Series W 

 5,300,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 September 1, 2012 – September 30, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 October 1, 2012 – October 31, 2012 

 Preferred Shares - Series F 

 9,893,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Preferred Shares - Series X 

 4,800,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 November 1, 2012 – November 30, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 December 1, 2012 – December 31, 2012 

 Preferred Shares - Series Z 

 4,500,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Preferred Shares - Series A 

 4,600,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Preferred Shares - Series D 

 5,400,000 

 $ 

 25.00 

 Total 

 79,150,853 

 $ 

 25.00 

 23 

 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 (1) 

 2008 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Operating Revenues 

 $ 

 1,826,729 

 $ 

 1,717,613 

 $ 

 1,613,777 

 $ 

 1,590,929 

 $ 

 1,680,198 

 Operating Expenses: 

 Cost of operations 

 540,129 

 542,234 

 528,404 

 520,089 

 552,667 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 357,781 

 357,969 

 353,245 

 339,003 

 407,422 

 General and administrative 

 56,837 

 52,410 

 38,487 

 35,735 

 62,809 

 Asset impairment charges 

 - 

 2,186 

 994 

 - 

 525 

 954,747 

 954,799 

 921,130 

 894,827 

 1,023,423 

 Operating income 

 871,982 

 762,814 

 692,647 

 696,102 

 656,775 

 Interest and other income 

 22,074 

 32,333 

 29,017 

 29,813 

 36,155 

 Interest expense 

 (19,813 

 ) 

 (24,222 

 ) 

 (30,225 

 ) 

 (29,916 

 ) 

 (43,944 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 45,586 

 58,704 

 38,352 

 53,244 

 20,391 

 Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 

 8,876 

 (7,287 

 ) 

 (42,264 

 ) 

 9,662 

 (25,362 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement 

 1,456 

 10,801 

 827 

 37,540 

 336,545 

 Income from continuing operations 

 930,161 

 833,143 

 688,354 

 796,445 

 980,560 

 Discontinued operations 

 12,874 

 3,316 

 7,760 

 (5,989 

 ) 

 (6,688 

 ) 

 Net income 

 943,035 

 836,459 

 696,114 

 790,456 

 973,872 

 Net income allocated (to) from noncontrolling equity interests 

 (3,777 

 ) 

 (12,617 

 ) 

 (24,076 

 ) 

 44,165 

 (38,696 

 ) 

 Net income allocable to Public Storage shareholders 

 $ 

 939,258 

 $ 

 823,842 

 $ 

 672,038 

 $ 

 834,621 

 $ 

 935,176 

 Per Common Share: 

 Distributions 

 $ 

 4.40 

 $ 

 3.65 

 $ 

 3.05 

 $ 

 2.20 

 $ 

 2.80 

 Net income – Basic 

 $ 

 3.93 

 $ 

 3.31 

 $ 

 2.36 

 $ 

 3.48 

 $ 

 4.19 

 Net income – Diluted 

 $ 

 3.90 

 $ 

 3.29 

 $ 

 2.35 

 $ 

 3.47 

 $ 

 4.18 

 Weighted average common shares – Basic 

 170,562 

 169,657 

 168,877 

 168,358 

 168,250 

 Weighted average common shares – Diluted 

 171,664 

 170,750 

 169,772 

 168,768 

 168,675 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 8,793,403 

 $ 

 8,932,562 

 $ 

 9,495,333 

 $ 

 9,805,645 

 $ 

 9,936,045 

 Total debt 

 $ 

 468,828 

 $ 

 398,314 

 $ 

 568,417 

 $ 

 518,889 

 $ 

 643,811 

 Public Storage shareholders’ equity 

 $ 

 8,093,756 

 $ 

 8,288,209 

 $ 

 8,676,598 

 $ 

 8,928,407 

 $ 

 8,708,995 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests’ equity 

 $ 

 29,108 

 $ 

 22,718 

 $ 

 32,336 

 $ 

 132,974 

 $ 

 358,109 

 Net cash flow: 

 Provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 1,285,659 

 $ 

 1,203,452 

 $ 

 1,093,221 

 $ 

 1,112,857 

 $ 

 1,076,971 

 Provided by (used in) investing activities 

 $ 

 (290,465 

 ) 

 $ 

 (81,355 

 ) 

 $ 

 (266,605 

 ) 

 $ 

 (91,409 

 ) 

 $ 

 340,018 

 Used in financing activities 

 $ 

 (1,117,305 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1,438,546 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1,132,709 

 ) 

 $ 

 (938,401 

 ) 

 $ 

 (984,076 

 ) 

 (1) 

 The 2009 decreases in our revenues, cost of operations, and depreciation and amortization, and our increase in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities, are due primarily to our disposition of a 51% interest in Shurgard Europe on March 31, 2008. 

 24 

 ITEM 7. 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto. 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). The amounts reported in our financial statements, notes to financial statements and MD&A are affected by judgments, assumptions and estimates that we make. The notes to our December 31, 2012 financial statements, primarily Note 2, summarize our significant accounting policies. 

 We believe the following are our critical accounting policies, because they have a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

 Income Tax Expense: We have elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, we do not incur federal income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. We believe we have met these REIT requirements for all periods presented herein. Accordingly, we have recorded no federal income tax expense related to our REIT taxable income. 

 Our evaluation that we have met the REIT requirements could be incorrect, because compliance with the tax rules requires factual determinations, and circumstances we have not identified could result in noncompliance with the tax requirements in current or prior years. For any taxable year that we fail to qualify as a REIT and for which applicable statutory relief provisions did not apply, we would be taxed at the regular corporate rates on all of our taxable income for at least that year and the ensuing four years, we could be subject to penalties and interest, and our net income would be materially different from the amounts estimated in our financial statements. 

 In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are taxable as regular corporations. To the extent that amounts paid to us by our taxable REIT subsidiaries are determined by the taxing authorities to be in excess of amounts that would be paid under similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments. Such a penalty tax could have a material adverse impact on our net income. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: The analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets involves identification of indicators of impairment, projections of future operating cash flows, and determination of fair values, all of which require significant judgment and subjectivity. Others could come to materially different conclusions, and we may not have identified all current facts and circumstances that may affect impairment. Any unidentified impairment loss, or change in conclusions, could have a material adverse impact on our net income. 

 Accruals for Operating Expenses: Certain of our expenses are estimated based upon assumptions regarding past and future trends, such as losses for workers compensation, employee health plans, and estimated claims for our tenant reinsurance program. In certain jurisdictions we do not receive property tax bills for the current fiscal year until after our earnings are finalized, and as a result, we must estimate property tax expense based upon anticipated implementation of regulations and trends. If our related estimates and assumptions are incorrect, our expenses could be misstated. 

 Accruals for Contingencies: We are subject to business and legal liability risks due to events that have occurred, which could result in future payments. We have not accrued certain of these payments, either because they are not probable or not estimable, or because we are not aware of them. We may have to accrue additional amounts for these payments due to the results of further investigation, the litigation process, or otherwise. Such accruals could have a material adverse impact on our net income . 

 25 

 Recording the fair value of acquired real estate facilities: In recording the acquisition of real estate facilities, we estimate the fair value of the land, buildings and intangible assets acquired. Such estimates are based upon many assumptions and judgments, including expected rates of return, land and building replacement costs, as well as future cash flows from the property and the existing tenant base. Others could come to materially different conclusions as to the estimated fair values, which would result in different depreciation and amortization expense, gains and losses on sale of real estate assets, and real estate and intangible assets. 

 Overview of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Operations 

 Our domestic self-storage facilities generated 93% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012, and also generated most of our net income and cash flow from operations. A large portion of management time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facilities, as well as seeking to acquire and develop additional investments in self-storage facilities. 

 Most of our facilities compete with other well-managed and well-located competitors, and we are subject to general economic conditions, particularly those that affect the spending habits of consumers and moving trends. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name “Public Storage,” and our economies of scale enable us to effectively meet such challenges. 

 In 2010, 2011, and 2012, we acquired an aggregate of 77 self-storage facilities from third parties for approximately $546 million, we acquired noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries owning self-storage facilities for approximately $197 million, and we invested $117 million in Shurgard Europe which it used to acquire interests in self-storage facilities. We will continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties in 2013. There is significant competition to acquire existing facilities and there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire additional facilities. 

 Over the past three years our development activities have been minimal. We have recently expanded our development efforts due in part to the significant increase in prices being paid for existing facilities, in many cases well above the cost of developing new facilities. At December 31, 2012, we had a development pipeline of projects to expand existing self-storage facilities and develop new self-storage facilities, which will add approximately 1.3 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. The aggregate cost of these projects is estimated at $169 million, of which $36 million had been incurred at December 31, 2012, and the remaining costs will be incurred principally in 2013. Some of these projects are subject to significant contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects and have hired additional personnel; however, due to the difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as the difficulty in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities, it is uncertain as to how much additional development we will undertake in the future. 

 We also have equity investments in Shurgard Europe, interests in commercial operations primarily through our investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. (“PSB”), and ancillary operations such as tenant reinsurance and sales of merchandise. We have no current plans to change our equity investments in Shurgard Europe or PSB; however, it is possible that we may make additional investments in these entities in the future. 

 We believe that we are not dependent upon raising capital to fund our ongoing operations or meet our obligations. However, access to capital is important to growing our asset base. During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we issued approximately $1.7 billion and $863 million, respectively, of preferred securities. During December 2012, we raised $101 million from the sale of our common shares owned by a wholly-owned subsidiary. We have no current plans to issue additional common shares. On January 16, 2013, we issued another $500 million of preferred securities. 

 At December 31, 2012, cash and cash equivalents totaled $17.2 million and we had $133.0 million in borrowings on our line of credit. On January 16, 2013, we raised $485 million in net proceeds from the issuance of our 5.2% Series W Preferred Shares and repaid the outstanding borrowings on our line of credit. We have $255 million in scheduled principal repayments in 2013, including $186 million for our senior notes which mature on March 15, 2013. At December 31, 2012, we have a pipeline of development projects with approximately $133 million in remaining spending. We have no other significant commitments in 2013. 

 26 

 Results of Operations 

 Operating results for 2012 as compared to 2011: For the year ended December 31, 2012, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $669.7 million or $3.90 per diluted common share, compared to $561.7 million or $3.29 per diluted common share for the same period in 2011, representing an increase of $108.0 million or $0.61 per diluted common share. This increase is due to (i) improved property operations, (ii) a $19.6 million reduction in distributions to preferred shareholders due primarily to lower average coupon rates, and (iii) a $16.2 million increase resulting from foreign currency exchange gains and losses in translating our Euro-denominated loan receivable from Shurgard Europe into U.S. Dollars, offset partially by (iv) a $36.3 million decrease due to the application of EITF D-42 to our, and our equity share of PSB’s, redemptions of preferred securities. 

 Operating results for 2011 as compared to 2010: For the year ended December 31, 2011, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $561.7 million or $3.29 per diluted common share, compared to $399.2 million or $2.35 per diluted common share for the same period in 2010, representing an increase of $162.5 million or $0.94 per diluted common share. This increase is due to (i) improved property operations, (ii), a $35.0 million increase due to foreign currency exchange gains and losses in translating our Euro-denominated loan receivable from Shurgard Europe into U.S. Dollars, (iii) increased equity in earnings and interest and other income from Shurgard Europe, due primarily to Shurgard Europe’s acquisition of its joint venture partner’s interests on March 2, 2011 and (iv) reduced income allocations to our Equity Shares, Series A. 

 Funds from Operations 

 Funds from Operations (“FFO”) is a term defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, and generally represents net income before depreciation, gains and losses, and impairment charges with respect to real estate assets. We present FFO and FFO per share because we consider FFO to be an important measure of the performance of real estate companies, as do many analysts in evaluating our Company. We believe that FFO is a helpful measure of a REIT’s performance since FFO excludes depreciation, which is included in computing net income and assumes the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time. We believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions and in response to inflation. FFO computations do not consider scheduled principal payments on debt, capital improvements, distributions and other obligations of the Company. FFO and FFO per share is not a substitute for our cash flow or net income per share as a measure of our liquidity or operating performance or our ability to pay dividends. Because other REITs may not compute FFO in the same manner; FFO may not be comparable among REITs. The following table reconciles from net income to FFO allocable to common shares and computes FFO per common share. Amounts previously presented for 2010 have been adjusted to eliminate impairment charges with respect to real estate assets. 

 27 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Computation of FFO allocable to Common Shares: 

 Net income 

 $ 

 943,035 

 $ 

 836,459 

 $ 

 696,114 

 Add back – depreciation and amortization, including amounts classified as discontinued operations 

 358,103 

 358,525 

 354,386 

 Add back – depreciation from unconsolidated real estate investments 

 75,648 

 64,677 

 61,110 

 Eliminate – gains on sale and impairment charges related to real estate investments, including discontinued operations and our equity share of unconsolidated real estate investments 

 (14,778 

 ) 

 (12,797 

 ) 

 (7,573 

 ) 

 FFO allocable to equity holders 

 1,362,008 

 1,246,864 

 1,104,037 

 Less allocation of FFO to: 

 Noncontrolling equity interests 

 (6,828 

 ) 

 (15,539 

 ) 

 (25,915 

 ) 

 Preferred shareholders 

 (266,937 

 ) 

 (260,462 

 ) 

 (240,634 

 ) 

 Equity Shares, Series A 

 - 

 - 

 (30,877 

 ) 

 Restricted share unitholders 

 (4,247 

 ) 

 (2,817 

 ) 

 (2,645 

 ) 

 FFO allocable to Common Shares 

 $ 

 1,083,996 

 $ 

 968,046 

 $ 

 803,966 

 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

 171,664 

 170,750 

 169,772 

 FFO per share 

 $ 

 6.31 

 $ 

 5.67 

 $ 

 4.74 

 In discussions with the investment community, we often discuss “Core FFO” per share, which represents FFO per share, adjusted to exclude the impact of i) foreign currency gains and losses, representing a gain of $8.9 million in 2012, and losses totaling $7.3 million and $42.3 million in 2011 and 2010, respectively, ii) EITF D-42 income allocations, including our equity share of PSB, representing a reduction of FFO totaling $68.9 million, $32.6 million and $35.8 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and ii) the aggregate net impact of impairment charges with respect to non-real estate assets, contingency accruals, our equity share of PSB’s lease termination benefits, and costs associated with the acquisition of real estate facilities, representing an aggregate net reduction in FFO per share of $0.02, $0.03 and $0.02 in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 We present Core FFO per share because we believe it is a helpful measure in understanding our results of operations, as we believe that the items noted above that are included in FFO per share, but excluded from Core FFO per share, are not indicative of our ongoing earnings. We also believe that the analyst community, likewise, reviews our Core FFO (or similar measures using different terminology) when evaluating our Company. Core FFO is not a substitute for net income, earnings per share or cash flow from operations. Because other REITs may not compute Core FFO in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology, or may not present such a measure, Core FFO may not be comparable among REITs. 

 The following table reconciles from FFO per share to Core FFO per share: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 FFO per share 

 $ 

 6.31 

 $ 

 5.67 

 11.3 

 % 

 $ 

 5.67 

 $ 

 4.74 

 19.6 

 % 

 Eliminate the per share impact of items excluded from Core FFO: 

 Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss 

 (0.05 

 ) 

 0.04 

 0.04 

 0.25 

 Application of EITF D-42 

 0.40 

 0.19 

 0.19 

 0.21 

 Other items, net 

 0.02 

 0.03 

 0.03 

 0.02 

 Core FFO per share 

 $ 

 6.68 

 $ 

 5.93 

 12.6 

 % 

 $ 

 5.93 

 $ 

 5.22 

 13.6 

 % 

 28 

 Real Estate Operations 

 Self-Storage Operations: Our self-storage operations represent 93% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: (i) the Same Store Facilities, representing the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2010, and (ii) all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently expanded facilities (the “Non Same Store Facilities”). 

 Self-Storage Operations 

 Summary 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 $ 

 1,596,320 

 $ 

 1,522,055 

 4.9 

 % 

 $ 

 1,522,055 

 $ 

 1,454,633 

 4.6 

 % 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 106,770 

 81,469 

 31.1 

 % 

 81,469 

 54,763 

 48.8 

 % 

 Total rental income 

 1,703,090 

 1,603,524 

 6.2 

 % 

 1,603,524 

 1,509,396 

 6.2 

 % 

 Cost of operations: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 468,752 

 477,041 

 (1.7 

 )% 

 477,041 

 474,831 

 0.5 

 % 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 33,114 

 27,797 

 19.1 

 % 

 27,797 

 19,884 

 39.8 

 % 

 Total cost of operations 

 501,866 

 504,838 

 (0.6 

 )% 

 504,838 

 494,715 

 2.0 

 % 

 Net operating income (a): 

 Same Store Facilities 

 1,127,568 

 1,045,014 

 7.9 

 % 

 1,045,014 

 979,802 

 6.7 

 % 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 73,656 

 53,672 

 37.2 

 % 

 53,672 

 34,879 

 53.9 

 % 

 Total net operating income 

 1,201,224 

 1,098,686 

 9.3 

 % 

 1,098,686 

 1,014,681 

 8.3 

 % 

 Total depreciation and amortization expense: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 (313,173 

 ) 

 (319,033 

 ) 

 (1.8 

 )% 

 (319,033 

 ) 

 (316,199 

 ) 

 0.9 

 % 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 (41,798 

 ) 

 (36,282 

 ) 

 15.2 

 % 

 (36,282 

 ) 

 (34,426 

 ) 

 5.4 

 % 

 Total depreciation and amortization expense 

 (354,971 

 ) 

 (355,315 

 ) 

 (0.1 

 )% 

 (355,315 

 ) 

 (350,625 

 ) 

 1.3 

 % 

 Total net income 

 $ 

 846,253 

 $ 

 743,371 

 13.8 

 % 

 $ 

 743,371 

 $ 

 664,056 

 11.9 

 % 

 Number of facilities at period end: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 1,941 

 1,941 

 - 

 1,941 

 1,941 

 - 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 124 

 97 

 27.8 

 % 

 97 

 83 

 16.9 

 % 

 Net rentable square footage at period end (in thousands): 

 Same Store Facilities 

 122,464 

 122,464 

 - 

 122,464 

 122,464 

 - 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 9,173 

 6,997 

 31.1 

 % 

 6,997 

 5,684 

 23.1 

 % 

 (a) 

 See “Net Operating Income below for further information regarding this non-GAAP measure. 

 29 

 Same Store Facilities 

 The Same Store Facilities represent those 1,941 facilities (122,464,000 net rentable square feet) that have been owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2010, and therefore provide meaningful comparisons for 2010, 2011 and 2012. The following table summarizes the historical operating results of these facilities: 

 SAME STORE FACILITIES 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 Revenues: 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except weighted average amounts) 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 1,516,152 

 $ 

 1,442,684 

 5.1 

 % 

 $ 

 1,442,684 

 $ 

 1,383,232 

 4.3 

 % 

 Late charges and administrative fees 

 80,168 

 79,371 

 1.0 

 % 

 79,371 

 71,401 

 11.2 

 % 

 Total revenues (a) 

 1,596,320 

 1,522,055 

 4.9 

 % 

 1,522,055 

 1,454,633 

 4.6 

 % 

 Cost of operations: 

 Property taxes 

 151,605 

 147,259 

 3.0 

 % 

 147,259 

 144,502 

 1.9 

 % 

 On-site property manager payroll 

 97,942 

 101,034 

 (3.1 

 )% 

 101,034 

 99,928 

 1.1 

 % 

 Repairs and maintenance 

 39,998 

 45,237 

 (11.6 

 )% 

 45,237 

 46,201 

 (2.1 

 )% 

 Utilities 

 36,255 

 37,732 

 (3.9 

 )% 

 37,732 

 36,299 

 3.9 

 % 

 Media advertising 

 6,326 

 10,542 

 (40.0 

 )% 

 10,542 

 15,178 

 (30.5 

 )% 

 Other advertising and selling expense 

 32,423 

 32,133 

 0.9 

 % 

 32,133 

 31,991 

 0.4 

 % 

 Other direct property costs 

 35,257 

 35,937 

 (1.9 

 )% 

 35,937 

 36,810 

 (2.4 

 )% 

 Supervisory payroll 

 33,144 

 32,038 

 3.5 

 % 

 32,038 

 29,828 

 7.4 

 % 

 Allocated overhead 

 35,802 

 35,129 

 1.9 

 % 

 35,129 

 34,094 

 3.0 

 % 

 Total cost of operations (a) 

 468,752 

 477,041 

 (1.7 

 )% 

 477,041 

 474,831 

 0.5 

 % 

 Net operating income (b) 

 1,127,568 

 1,045,014 

 7.9 

 % 

 1,045,014 

 979,802 

 6.7 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 (313,173 

 ) 

 (319,033 

 ) 

 (1.8 

 )% 

 (319,033 

 ) 

 (316,199 

 ) 

 0.9 

 % 

 Net income 

 $ 

 814,395 

 $ 

 725,981 

 12.2 

 % 

 $ 

 725,981 

 $ 

 663,603 

 9.4 

 % 

 Gross margin (before depreciation and amortization expense) 

 70.6 

 % 

 68.7 

 % 

 2.8 

 % 

 68.7 

 % 

 67.4 

 % 

 1.9 

 % 

 Weighted average for the period: 

 Square foot occupancy (c) 

 91.8 

 % 

 91.2 

 % 

 0.7 

 % 

 91.2 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 1.6 

 % 

 Realized annual rent, prior to late charges and administrative fees, per: 

 Occupied square foot (d)(e) 

 $ 

 13.49 

 $ 

 12.92 

 4.4 

 % 

 $ 

 12.92 

 $ 

 12.58 

 2.7 

 % 

 Available square foot (“REVPAF”) (e)(f) 

 $ 

 12.38 

 $ 

 11.78 

 5.1 

 % 

 $ 

 11.78 

 $ 

 11.30 

 4.2 

 % 

 Weighted average at December 31: 

 Square foot occupancy 

 91.4 

 % 

 89.6 

 % 

 2.0 

 % 

 89.6 

 % 

 88.7 

 % 

 1.0 

 % 

 In place annual rent per occupied square foot (g) 

 $ 

 14.42 

 $ 

 14.02 

 2.9 

 % 

 $ 

 14.02 

 $ 

 13.65 

 2.7 

 % 

 a) 

 Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and retail operations, which are included on our income statement under “ancillary revenues” and “ancillary operating expenses.” 

 b) 

 See “Net Operating Income” below for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to our net income in our statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 c) 

 Square foot occupancies represent weighted average occupancy levels over the entire period. 

 d) 

 Realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing annualized rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. 

 e) 

 These measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. Late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. In addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. These measures take into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income. 

 30 

 f) 

 Realized annual rent per available square foot (“REVPAF”) is computed by dividing annualized rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. 

 g) 

 In place annual rent per occupied square foot represents annualized contractual rents per occupied square foot before any reductions for promotional discounts, and excludes late charges and administrative fees. 

 Analysis of Revenue 

 Revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased by 4.9% in 2012 as compared to 2011 due primarily to increased average rental rates charged to our tenants. This increase was due primarily to annual rent increases for tenants that have been renting longer than one year combined with a reduction in promotional discounts given to new tenants from $96.5 million in 2011 to $87.8 million in 2012. 

 Revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased by 4.6% in 2011 as compared to 2010. The increase was due primarily to a 1.6% increase in weighted average square foot occupancy and a 2.7% increase in realized rent per occupied square foot, as well as an 11.2% increase in late charges and administrative fees due primarily to increases in the fee levels charged for late payments. The increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot includes the impact of more aggressive increases in rents charged to existing tenants in the last two quarters of 2011. 

 Our future rental growth will be dependent upon many factors including the level of new supply of self-storage space in the markets in which we operate, demand for self-storage space, our ability to increase rental rates, the level of promotional activities, and our ability to maintain or improve our occupancy levels. 

 We seek to maintain an average occupancy level of at least 90% throughout the year, which we believe maximizes the realized rent per available foot. We maintain occupancy by regularly adjusting rental rates and promotions offered, in order to generate sufficient move-ins to replace tenants that vacate. Demand fluctuates due to various local and regional factors, including the overall economy. Demand is higher in the summer months than in the winter months and, as a result, rental rates charged to new tenants are typically higher in the summer months than in the winter months. 

 Our Same Store average occupancy levels increased 0.7% in 2012 as compared to 2011, due primarily to a 1.8% increase in average occupancy in the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011. This increase was driven by (i) increased move-in volumes, primarily due to more aggressive pricing in the seasonally slow fourth quarter of 2012 combined with (ii) reduced levels of tenants moving out, as compared to the same period in 2011. We expect to continue to implement aggressive pricing strategies during the first quarter of 2013 to increase occupancy levels as compared to the same period in 2012. However, we expect occupancy levels in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2013 to be flat as compared to the same periods in 2012 due to more difficult year-over-year comparisons. 

 Increasing rental rates to tenants having a tenancy longer than one year is a key part of our rental growth. At each of December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, approximately 55% of our tenants had a tenancy of a year or longer. For these tenants, in place rent per occupied square foot at December 31, 2012 increased 4.1% as compared to December 31, 2011 and 4.3% at December 30, 2011 as compared to December 31, 2010. These increases were due to rate increases passed to these tenants. We expect to pass similar rate increases to long-term tenants in 2013 as we did in 2012. 

 Based upon current trends, we expect positive year-over-year growth in rental income to continue throughout 2013, due to improved occupancy and realized rents during the first quarter of the year and primarily from increases in realized rents during the remainder of 2013. 

 31 

 Analysis of Cost of Operations 

 Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased 1.7% in 2012 as compared to 2011. The decrease was due primarily to reductions in on-site property manager payroll, repairs and maintenance, and media advertising, offset partially by a 3.0% increase in property tax expense. Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) increased by 0.5% in 2011 as compared to 2010. The increase was due to higher property taxes, supervisory payroll, and utilities, partially offset by reduced media advertising. 

 Property tax expense increased 3.0% in 2012 as compared to 2011, due primarily to higher assessed values. Property tax expense increased 1.9% in 2011 as compared to 2010, due primarily to higher tax rates. We expect property tax expense growth of approximately 4.0% in 2013, due primarily to higher assessed values. 

 On-site property manager payroll expense decreased approximately 3.1% in 2012 as compared to 2011, and increased 1.1% in 2011 as compared to 2010. The decrease in 2012 was due primarily to lower incentive compensation, and the increase in 2011 was due primarily to higher incentive compensation and wage rates. We expect payroll expense to increase at a rate less than inflation in 2013. 

 Repairs and maintenance expenditures decreased 11.6% in 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011, and decreased 2.1% in 2011 as compared to the same period in 2010. Repairs and maintenance expenditures are dependent upon several factors, such as weather, the timing of repair and maintenance needs, inflation in material and labor costs, and random events. Included in our repairs and maintenance expenditures in 2012, 2011 and 2010 was approximately $2.7 million, $4.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively, in snow removal costs. We expect repairs and maintenance, prior to snow removal costs, to decline modestly in 2013. Snow removal costs are expected to be higher in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the same period in 2012, due to more severe winter weather through February 25, 2013. Snow removal costs ater the first quarter of 2013 are not determinable at this time. 

 Utility expenses decreased 3.9% in 2012 as compared to 2011, and increased 3.9% in 2011 as compared to 2010. Utility cost levels are dependent upon changes in usage driven primarily by weather and temperature, as well as energy prices. The decrease in 2012 was driven by reduced usage caused by milder weather. The increase in 2011 was caused by higher usage from extreme temperatures, as well as higher energy prices. It is difficult to estimate future utility cost levels, because weather, temperature, and fuel prices are volatile and not predictable. 

 Media advertising decreased 40.0% in 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011, and decreased 30.5% in 2011 as compared to 2010. Media advertising can increase or decrease significantly in the short-term in response to demand, occupancy levels, and other factors. Media advertising expenditures have declined due to higher square foot occupancies, which increased from 87.0% on December 31, 2009 to 91.4% at December 31, 2012. We expect lower media advertising in 2013 due to current high occupancies. 

 Other advertising and selling expense is comprised principally of yellow page, internet advertising, and the operating costs of our telephone reservation center. These costs in aggregate have remained flat in 2010, 2011 and 2012. We have phased out our yellow page advertising program as of December 31, 2012, and expect that this cost reduction will be offset by increased Internet advertising. We expect other advertising and selling expense to be flat in 2013. 

 Other direct property costs include administrative expenses incurred at the self-storage facilities, such as property insurance, business license costs, bank charges related to processing the properties’ cash receipts, and the cost of operating each property’s rental office including supplies and telephone data communication lines. Due to cost-saving measures in certain expense categories, offset by inflationary increases, we expect other direct property expenses to be flat in 2013. 

 Supervisory payroll expense, which represents compensation paid to the management personnel who directly and indirectly supervise the on-site property managers, increased 3.5% in 2012 as compared to 2011, and increased 7.4% in 2011 as compared to 2010. The increase in 2012 was due principally to increased headcount. This increase in 2011 was due primarily to higher incentives and wage rates paid to supervisory personnel. We expect growth in supervisory payroll in excess of inflation, due to higher wage rates, incentives and increased headcount. 

 32 

 Allocated overhead represents administrative expenses for shared general corporate functions, which are allocated to self-storage property operations to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. Such functions include data processing, human resources, operational accounting and finance, marketing, and costs of senior executives (other than the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are included in general and administrative expense). The increases in 2012 and 2011 are due principally to increased headcount. We expect inflationary growth in allocated overhead in 2013. 

 The following table summarizes selected quarterly financial data with respect to the Same Store Facilities: 

 For the Quarter Ended 

 March 31 

 June 30 

 September 30 

 December 31 

 Entire Year 

 (Amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amount) 

 Total revenues: 

 2012 

 $ 

 383,928 

 $ 

 394,700 

 $ 

 412,641 

 $ 

 405,051 

 $ 

 1,596,320 

 2011 

 $ 

 366,497 

 $ 

 375,543 

 $ 

 393,819 

 $ 

 386,196 

 $ 

 1,522,055 

 2010 

 $ 

 353,976 

 $ 

 360,915 

 $ 

 372,125 

 $ 

 367,617 

 $ 

 1,454,633 

 Total cost of operations: 

 2012 

 $ 

 130,682 

 $ 

 121,043 

 $ 

 118,566 

 $ 

 98,461 

 $ 

 468,752 

 2011 

 $ 

 128,295 

 $ 

 122,776 

 $ 

 121,338 

 $ 

 104,632 

 $ 

 477,041 

 2010 

 $ 

 128,363 

 $ 

 122,954 

 $ 

 121,127 

 $ 

 102,387 

 $ 

 474,831 

 Property taxes: 

 2012 

 $ 

 43,058 

 $ 

 41,925 

 $ 

 40,580 

 $ 

 26,042 

 $ 

 151,605 

 2011 

 $ 

 41,382 

 $ 

 40,264 

 $ 

 39,550 

 $ 

 26,063 

 $ 

 147,259 

 2010 

 $ 

 40,420 

 $ 

 39,246 

 $ 

 39,187 

 $ 

 25,649 

 $ 

 144,502 

 Repairs and maintenance: 

 2012 

 $ 

 12,025 

 $ 

 10,585 

 $ 

 8,487 

 $ 

 8,901 

 $ 

 39,998 

 2011 

 $ 

 10,765 

 $ 

 10,993 

 $ 

 10,960 

 $ 

 12,519 

 $ 

 45,237 

 2010 

 $ 

 13,089 

 $ 

 10,693 

 $ 

 10,829 

 $ 

 11,590 

 $ 

 46,201 

 Media advertising: 

 2012 

 $ 

 3,145 

 $ 

 1,891 

 $ 

 1,239 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 6,326 

 2011 

 $ 

 4,046 

 $ 

 3,360 

 $ 

 2,144 

 $ 

 992 

 $ 

 10,542 

 2010 

 $ 

 5,456 

 $ 

 6,603 

 $ 

 3,119 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 15,178 

 REVPAF: 

 2012 

 $ 

 11.89 

 $ 

 12.25 

 $ 

 12.79 

 $ 

 12.59 

 $ 

 12.38 

 2011 

 $ 

 11.36 

 $ 

 11.64 

 $ 

 12.16 

 $ 

 11.96 

 $ 

 11.78 

 2010 

 $ 

 11.01 

 $ 

 11.22 

 $ 

 11.54 

 $ 

 11.41 

 $ 

 11.30 

 Weighted average realized annual rent per occupied square foot: 

 2012 

 $ 

 13.17 

 $ 

 13.23 

 $ 

 13.79 

 $ 

 13.72 

 $ 

 13.49 

 2011 

 $ 

 12.65 

 $ 

 12.61 

 $ 

 13.19 

 $ 

 13.26 

 $ 

 12.92 

 2010 

 $ 

 12.47 

 $ 

 12.34 

 $ 

 12.68 

 $ 

 12.82 

 $ 

 12.58 

 Weighted average occupancy levels for the period: 

 2012 

 90.3 

 % 

 92.6 

 % 

 92.7 

 % 

 91.8 

 % 

 91.8 

 % 

 2011 

 89.8 

 % 

 92.3 

 % 

 92.2 

 % 

 90.2 

 % 

 91.2 

 % 

 2010 

 88.3 

 % 

 90.9 

 % 

 91.0 

 % 

 89.0 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 33 

 Analysis of Market Trends 

 The following table sets forth selected market trends in our Same Store Facilities: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Amounts in thousands, except for weighted average data) 

 Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market 

 Revenues: 

 Los Angeles (168 facilities) 

 $ 

 210,653 

 $ 

 201,945 

 4.3 

 % 

 $ 

 201,945 

 $ 

 197,432 

 2.3 

 % 

 San Francisco (125 facilities) 

 134,109 

 126,852 

 5.7 

 % 

 126,852 

 121,242 

 4.6 

 % 

 New York (79 facilities) 

 105,421 

 100,256 

 5.2 

 % 

 100,256 

 94,342 

 6.3 

 % 

 Chicago (124 facilities) 

 99,699 

 95,346 

 4.6 

 % 

 95,346 

 92,431 

 3.2 

 % 

 Washington DC (72 facilities) 

 78,606 

 75,898 

 3.6 

 % 

 75,898 

 71,321 

 6.4 

 % 

 Seattle-Tacoma (85 facilities) 

 76,506 

 73,263 

 4.4 

 % 

 73,263 

 70,380 

 4.1 

 % 

 Miami (60 facilities) 

 67,468 

 63,568 

 6.1 

 % 

 63,568 

 60,930 

 4.3 

 % 

 Dallas-Ft. Worth (98 facilities) 

 62,346 

 59,062 

 5.6 

 % 

 59,062 

 55,257 

 6.9 

 % 

 Houston (80 facilities) 

 57,054 

 53,943 

 5.8 

 % 

 53,943 

 52,437 

 2.9 

 % 

 Atlanta (89 facilities) 

 56,878 

 54,426 

 4.5 

 % 

 54,426 

 51,786 

 5.1 

 % 

 Philadelphia (55 facilities) 

 43,128 

 41,725 

 3.4 

 % 

 41,725 

 39,389 

 5.9 

 % 

 Denver (47 facilities) 

 36,596 

 33,749 

 8.4 

 % 

 33,749 

 32,098 

 5.1 

 % 

 Minneapolis-St. Paul (41 facilities) 

 31,073 

 29,467 

 5.5 

 % 

 29,467 

 27,783 

 6.1 

 % 

 Portland (42 facilities) 

 28,817 

 27,451 

 5.0 

 % 

 27,451 

 26,235 

 4.6 

 % 

 Orlando-Daytona (45 facilities) 

 27,805 

 26,711 

 4.1 

 % 

 26,711 

 25,545 

 4.6 

 % 

 All other markets (731 facilities) 

 480,161 

 458,393 

 4.7 

 % 

 458,393 

 436,025 

 5.1 

 % 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 1,596,320 

 $ 

 1,522,055 

 4.9 

 % 

 $ 

 1,522,055 

 $ 

 1,454,633 

 4.6 

 % 

 Net operating income: 

 Los Angeles 

 $ 

 166,158 

 $ 

 156,408 

 6.2 

 % 

 $ 

 156,408 

 $ 

 152,334 

 2.7 

 % 

 San Francisco 

 103,480 

 96,330 

 7.4 

 % 

 96,330 

 90,692 

 6.2 

 % 

 New York 

 71,470 

 67,304 

 6.2 

 % 

 67,304 

 59,352 

 13.4 

 % 

 Chicago 

 59,511 

 52,494 

 13.4 

 % 

 52,494 

 52,134 

 0.7 

 % 

 Washington DC 

 59,901 

 56,862 

 5.3 

 % 

 56,862 

 52,038 

 9.3 

 % 

 Seattle-Tacoma 

 57,092 

 54,244 

 5.3 

 % 

 54,244 

 51,758 

 4.8 

 % 

 Miami 

 49,508 

 45,729 

 8.3 

 % 

 45,729 

 42,238 

 8.3 

 % 

 Dallas-Ft. Worth 

 41,072 

 36,879 

 11.4 

 % 

 36,879 

 33,108 

 11.4 

 % 

 Houston 

 37,367 

 34,734 

 7.6 

 % 

 34,734 

 33,216 

 4.6 

 % 

 Atlanta 

 39,055 

 36,009 

 8.5 

 % 

 36,009 

 33,731 

 6.8 

 % 

 Philadelphia 

 28,775 

 26,732 

 7.6 

 % 

 26,732 

 24,209 

 10.4 

 % 

 Denver 

 25,769 

 22,521 

 14.4 

 % 

 22,521 

 21,032 

 7.1 

 % 

 Minneapolis-St. Paul 

 19,920 

 18,309 

 8.8 

 % 

 18,309 

 16,427 

 11.5 

 % 

 Portland 

 21,028 

 19,301 

 8.9 

 % 

 19,301 

 18,463 

 4.5 

 % 

 Orlando-Daytona 

 18,980 

 17,455 

 8.7 

 % 

 17,455 

 16,429 

 6.2 

 % 

 All other markets 

 328,482 

 303,703 

 8.2 

 % 

 303,703 

 282,641 

 7.5 

 % 

 Total net operating income 

 $ 

 1,127,568 

 $ 

 1,045,014 

 7.9 

 % 

 $ 

 1,045,014 

 $ 

 979,802 

 6.7 

 % 

 34 

 Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Region (Continued) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Amounts in thousands, except for weighted average data) 

 Weighted average occupancy: 

 Los Angeles 

 92.6 

 % 

 92.1 

 % 

 0.5 

 % 

 92.1 

 % 

 91.3 

 % 

 0.9 

 % 

 San Francisco 

 93.2 

 % 

 93.0 

 % 

 0.2 

 % 

 93.0 

 % 

 91.5 

 % 

 1.6 

 % 

 New York 

 92.9 

 % 

 92.5 

 % 

 0.4 

 % 

 92.5 

 % 

 91.7 

 % 

 0.9 

 % 

 Chicago 

 92.1 

 % 

 91.0 

 % 

 1.2 

 % 

 91.0 

 % 

 89.3 

 % 

 1.9 

 % 

 Washington DC 

 91.9 

 % 

 92.3 

 % 

 -0.4 

 % 

 92.3 

 % 

 91.3 

 % 

 1.1 

 % 

 Seattle-Tacoma 

 91.0 

 % 

 90.7 

 % 

 0.3 

 % 

 90.7 

 % 

 90.0 

 % 

 0.8 

 % 

 Miami 

 92.6 

 % 

 92.0 

 % 

 0.7 

 % 

 92.0 

 % 

 91.0 

 % 

 1.1 

 % 

 Dallas-Ft. Worth 

 91.7 

 % 

 91.5 

 % 

 0.2 

 % 

 91.5 

 % 

 89.4 

 % 

 2.3 

 % 

 Houston 

 91.8 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 2.2 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 88.9 

 % 

 1.0 

 % 

 Atlanta 

 90.4 

 % 

 90.3 

 % 

 0.1 

 % 

 90.3 

 % 

 88.4 

 % 

 2.1 

 % 

 Philadelphia 

 91.3 

 % 

 91.7 

 % 

 -0.4 

 % 

 91.7 

 % 

 90.3 

 % 

 1.6 

 % 

 Denver 

 94.0 

 % 

 91.8 

 % 

 2.4 

 % 

 91.8 

 % 

 90.5 

 % 

 1.4 

 % 

 Minneapolis-St. Paul 

 91.6 

 % 

 90.5 

 % 

 1.2 

 % 

 90.5 

 % 

 88.4 

 % 

 2.4 

 % 

 Portland 

 92.7 

 % 

 91.4 

 % 

 1.4 

 % 

 91.4 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 1.8 

 % 

 Orlando-Daytona 

 91.9 

 % 

 90.1 

 % 

 2.0 

 % 

 90.1 

 % 

 88.5 

 % 

 1.8 

 % 

 All other markets 

 91.4 

 % 

 90.6 

 % 

 0.9 

 % 

 90.6 

 % 

 89.2 

 % 

 1.6 

 % 

 Total weighted average occupancy 

 91.8 

 % 

 91.2 

 % 

 0.7 

 % 

 91.2 

 % 

 89.8 

 % 

 1.6 

 % 

 Realized annual rent per occupied square foot: 

 Los Angeles 

 $ 

 19.19 

 $ 

 18.48 

 3.8 

 % 

 $ 

 18.48 

 $ 

 18.18 

 1.7 

 % 

 San Francisco 

 18.97 

 17.94 

 5.7 

 % 

 17.94 

 17.43 

 2.9 

 % 

 New York 

 20.75 

 19.73 

 5.2 

 % 

 19.73 

 18.82 

 4.8 

 % 

 Chicago 

 13.14 

 12.71 

 3.4 

 % 

 12.71 

 12.62 

 0.7 

 % 

 Washington DC 

 19.76 

 18.96 

 4.2 

 % 

 18.96 

 18.07 

 4.9 

 % 

 Seattle-Tacoma 

 14.40 

 13.77 

 4.6 

 % 

 13.77 

 13.37 

 3.0 

 % 

 Miami 

 16.00 

 15.12 

 5.8 

 % 

 15.12 

 14.73 

 2.6 

 % 

 Dallas-Ft. Worth 

 10.38 

 9.82 

 5.7 

 % 

 9.82 

 9.48 

 3.6 

 % 

 Houston 

 10.67 

 10.29 

 3.7 

 % 

 10.29 

 10.16 

 1.3 

 % 

 Atlanta 

 10.02 

 9.56 

 4.8 

 % 

 9.56 

 9.35 

 2.2 

 % 

 Philadelphia 

 13.11 

 12.60 

 4.0 

 % 

 12.60 

 12.16 

 3.6 

 % 

 Denver 

 12.23 

 11.53 

 6.1 

 % 

 11.53 

 11.16 

 3.3 

 % 

 Minneapolis-St. Paul 

 11.41 

 10.92 

 4.5 

 % 

 10.92 

 10.61 

 2.9 

 % 

 Portland 

 13.56 

 13.09 

 3.6 

 % 

 13.09 

 12.78 

 2.4 

 % 

 Orlando-Daytona 

 10.53 

 10.29 

 2.3 

 % 

 10.29 

 10.09 

 2.0 

 % 

 All other markets 

 11.00 

 10.57 

 4.0 

 % 

 10.57 

 10.26 

 3.0 

 % 

 Total realized rent per square foot 

 $ 

 13.49 

 $ 

 12.92 

 4.4 

 % 

 $ 

 12.92 

 $ 

 12.58 

 2.7 

 % 

 REVPAF: 

 Los Angeles 

 $ 

 17.77 

 $ 

 17.01 

 4.5 

 % 

 $ 

 17.01 

 $ 

 16.60 

 2.5 

 % 

 San Francisco 

 17.68 

 16.69 

 5.9 

 % 

 16.69 

 15.95 

 4.6 

 % 

 New York 

 19.27 

 18.24 

 5.6 

 % 

 18.24 

 17.26 

 5.7 

 % 

 Chicago 

 12.10 

 11.56 

 4.7 

 % 

 11.56 

 11.27 

 2.6 

 % 

 Washington DC 

 18.15 

 17.50 

 3.7 

 % 

 17.50 

 16.49 

 6.1 

 % 

 Seattle-Tacoma 

 13.10 

 12.49 

 4.9 

 % 

 12.49 

 12.03 

 3.8 

 % 

 Miami 

 14.82 

 13.91 

 6.5 

 % 

 13.91 

 13.40 

 3.8 

 % 

 Dallas-Ft. Worth 

 9.52 

 8.99 

 5.9 

 % 

 8.99 

 8.47 

 6.1 

 % 

 Houston 

 9.79 

 9.24 

 6.0 

 % 

 9.24 

 9.03 

 2.3 

 % 

 Atlanta 

 9.06 

 8.63 

 5.0 

 % 

 8.63 

 8.26 

 4.5 

 % 

 Philadelphia 

 11.97 

 11.55 

 3.6 

 % 

 11.55 

 10.98 

 5.2 

 % 

 Denver 

 11.50 

 10.58 

 8.7 

 % 

 10.58 

 10.09 

 4.9 

 % 

 Minneapolis-St. Paul 

 10.46 

 9.89 

 5.8 

 % 

 9.89 

 9.37 

 5.5 

 % 

 Portland 

 12.57 

 11.97 

 5.0 

 % 

 11.97 

 11.48 

 4.3 

 % 

 Orlando-Daytona 

 9.67 

 9.28 

 4.2 

 % 

 9.28 

 8.93 

 3.9 

 % 

 All other markets 

 10.05 

 9.58 

 4.9 

 % 

 9.58 

 9.15 

 4.7 

 % 

 Total REVPAF 

 $ 

 12.38 

 $ 

 11.78 

 5.1 

 % 

 $ 

 11.78 

 $ 

 11.30 

 4.2 

 % 

 35 

 We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. It is difficult to predict localized trends in short-term self-storage demand and operating results. Over the long run, we believe that markets that experience population growth, high employment, and otherwise exhibit economic strength and consistency will outperform markets that do not exhibit these characteristics. 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 The Non Same Store Facilities at December 31, 2012 represent 124 facilities that were not stabilized with respect to occupancies or rental rates since January 1, 2010, or were acquired since January 1, 2010. As a result of the stabilization process and timing of when the facilities were placed into service, year-over-year changes can be significant. In the following table, “Facilities placed into service in 2012” includes 24 facilities acquired from third parties and three facilities that we obtained control of and began consolidating in 2012. “Facilities placed into service in 2011” includes 11 facilities acquired from third parties, one facility that was newly developed, and two facilities that we obtained control of and began consolidating in 2011. “Other facilities” includes 42 facilities we acquired from third parties in 2010 and 41 other facilities that we have owned since January 1, 2010 that are not stabilized due to the addition of more net rentable square feet or due to casualty damage. 

 The following table summarizes operating data with respect to these facilities: 

 36 

 NON SAME STORE FACILITIES 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except square foot amounts) 

 Rental income: 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 $ 

 8,715 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 8,715 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 13,302 

 5,914 

 7,388 

 5,914 

 - 

 5,914 

 Other facilities 

 84,753 

 75,555 

 9,198 

 75,555 

 54,763 

 20,792 

 Total rental income 

 106,770 

 81,469 

 25,301 

 81,469 

 54,763 

 26,706 

 Cost of operations before depreciation and amortization expense: 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 $ 

 3,446 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 3,446 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 4,040 

 2,174 

 1,866 

 2,174 

 - 

 2,174 

 Other facilities 

 25,628 

 25,623 

 5 

 25,623 

 19,884 

 5,739 

 Total cost of operations 

 33,114 

 27,797 

 5,317 

 27,797 

 19,884 

 7,913 

 Net operating income before depreciation and amortization expense (a): 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 $ 

 5,269 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 5,269 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 9,262 

 3,740 

 5,522 

 3,740 

 - 

 3,740 

 Other facilities 

 59,125 

 49,932 

 9,193 

 49,932 

 34,879 

 15,053 

 Total net operating income (a) 

 73,656 

 53,672 

 19,984 

 53,672 

 34,879 

 18,793 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 (41,798 

 ) 

 (36,282 

 ) 

 (5,516 

 ) 

 (36,282 

 ) 

 (34,426 

 ) 

 (1,856 

 ) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 31,858 

 $ 

 17,390 

 $ 

 14,468 

 $ 

 17,390 

 $ 

 453 

 $ 

 16,937 

 At December 31: 

 Square foot occupancy: 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 76.5 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 83.4 

 % 

 75.2 

 % 

 10.9 

 % 

 75.2 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 Other facilities 

 90.0 

 % 

 86.1 

 % 

 4.5 

 % 

 86.1 

 % 

 78.2 

 % 

 10.1 

 % 

 86.1 

 % 

 84.3 

 % 

 2.1 

 % 

 84.3 

 % 

 78.2 

 % 

 10.7 

 % 

 In place annual rent per occupied square foot: 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 $ 

 13.31 

 $ 

 - 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 15.07 

 14.29 

 5.5 

 % 

 14.29 

 - 

 - 

 Other facilities 

 16.31 

 15.61 

 4.5 

 % 

 15.61 

 15.77 

 (1.0 

 )% 

 $ 

 15.55 

 $ 

 15.41 

 0.9 

 % 

 $ 

 15.41 

 $ 

 15.77 

 (2.3 

 )% 

 Number of Facilities: 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 27 

 - 

 27 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 14 

 14 

 - 

 14 

 - 

 14 

 Other facilities 

 83 

 83 

 - 

 83 

 83 

 - 

 124 

 97 

 27 

 97 

 83 

 14 

 Net rentable square feet (in thousands): 

 Facilities placed into service in 2012 

 2,091 

 - 

 2,091 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Facilities placed into service in 2011 

 1,166 

 1,166 

 - 

 1,166 

 - 

 1,166 

 Other facilities 

 5,916 

 5,831 

 85 

 5,831 

 5,684 

 147 

 9,173 

 6,997 

 2,176 

 6,997 

 5,684 

 1,313 

 (a) 

 See “Net Operating Income” below for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to our net income in our statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 37 

 In 2010, 2011, and 2012, we acquired an aggregate of 77 facilities from third parties. The following table sets forth selected information with respect to these acquired properties: 

 For the Year Ended 

 December 31, 2012 

 Number of Properties 

 Acquisition Cost 

 Average Occupancy 

 Capitalization Rate (a) 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Properties acquired from third parties during : 

 Last three months of 2012 

 10 

 $ 

 81,400 

 (b) 

 (b) 

 First nine months of 2012 

 14 

 144,100 

 78 

 % 

 5.3 

 % 

 2011 

 11 

 80,400 

 83 

 % 

 8.4 

 % 

 2010 

 42 

 239,600 

 89 

 % 

 10.2 

 % 

 77 

 $ 

 545,500 

 (a) 

 Weighted average capitalization rate represents the net operating income earned in 2012 divided by the acquisition cost. With respect to properties acquired in the first nine months of 2012, the capitalization rate is based upon annualizing the net operating income for the period we owned the properties. 

 (b) 

 Capitalization rate and average occupancy for these properties is not meaningful due to our limited ownership period. 

 In 2012 and 2011, we commenced consolidating three and two facilities, respectively that were owned by entities that we had previously accounted for on the equity method of accounting. See Note 3 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for further information. 

 At December 31, 2012, we had a development pipeline of projects to expand existing self-storage facilities and develop new self-storage facilities, which will add approximately 1.3 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. The aggregate cost of these projects is estimated at $169 million, of which $36 million had been incurred at December 31, 2012, and the remaining costs will be incurred principally in 2013. Some of these projects are subject to significant contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects and have hired additional personnel; however, due to the difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as the difficulty in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities, it is uncertain as to how much additional development we will undertake in the future. 

 We believe that our management and operating infrastructure will result in newly acquired facilities stabilizing at a higher level of net operating income than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for these newly acquired facilities to reach stabilization, and the ultimate levels of rent to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. As a result, there can be no assurance that our expectations with respect to these facilities will be achieved. However, we expect the Non Same Store Facilities to continue to provide earnings growth during 2013 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels, and the earnings of the 2012 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2013 as compared to 2012. 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 At December 31, 2012, we have equity investments in PSB, Shurgard Europe and various limited partnerships. We account for such investments using the equity method. 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities for 2012, 2011 and 2010 consists of our pro-rata share of the net income of these unconsolidated real estate entities for each period. The following table sets forth the significant components of equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities. 

 38 

 Historical summary: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Equity in earnings: 

 PSB 

 $ 

 10,638 

 $ 

 27,781 

 $ 

 (17,143 

 ) 

 $ 

 27,781 

 $ 

 20,719 

 $ 

 7,062 

 Shurgard Europe 

 33,223 

 29,152 

 4,071 

 29,152 

 15,872 

 13,280 

 Other Investments 

 1,725 

 1,771 

 (46 

 ) 

 1,771 

 1,761 

 10 

 Total equity in earnings 

 $ 

 45,586 

 $ 

 58,704 

 $ 

 (13,118 

 ) 

 $ 

 58,704 

 $ 

 38,352 

 $ 

 20,352 

 Investment in PSB : At December 31, 2012, we have an approximate 41% common equity interest in PSB, comprised of our ownership of 5,801,606 shares of PSB’s common stock and 7,305,355 limited partnership units in PSB’s underlying operating partnership. The limited partnership units are convertible at our option, subject to certain conditions, on a one-for-one basis into PSB common stock. 

 At December 31, 2012, PSB owned and operated 28.3 million rentable square feet of commercial space located in eight states. PSB also manages commercial space that we own pursuant to property management agreements. 

 Equity in earnings from PSB decreased to $10.6 million in 2012, as compared to $27.8 million in 2011. This decrease was principally due to (i) the impact of PSB’s redemptions of preferred securities in 2011 and 2012, which reduced income allocated to the common equity holders in 2012, and increased income allocable to the common equity holders in 2011, (ii) increased depreciation and interest expense as a result of the properties PSB acquired in 2011 and 2012, partially offset by (iii) incremental income generated by the properties PSB acquired in 2011 and 2012. See Note 4 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for selected financial information on PSB, as well as PSB’s filings and selected financial information that can be accessed through the SEC, and on PSB’s website, www.psbusinessparks.com. 

 Equity in earnings from PSB increased to $27.8 million in 2011 as compared to $20.7 million in 2010. This increase was principally due to (i) incremental income generated by properties that PSB acquired in 2010 and 2011, (ii) reduced income allocations to PSB’s preferred securities, due to redemptions, partially offset by (iii) increased depreciation and interest expense, as a result of 2010 and 2011 property acquisitions. 

 Our investment in PSB, which we plan on holding for the long-term, provides us with some diversification. 

 Investment in Shurgard Europe: Equity in earnings of Shurgard Europe represents our 49% equity share of Shurgard Europe’s net income. At December 31, 2011 and 2012, Shurgard Europe’s operations are comprised of 188 wholly-owned facilities with 10.1 million net rentable square feet. Selected financial data for Shurgard Europe for 2012, 2011 and 2010 is included in Note 4 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements. As described in more detail in Note 4, we receive interest income and trademark license fees from Shurgard Europe, of which 49% is classified as equity in earnings and the remaining 51% as interest and other income. 

 Equity in earnings from Shurgard Europe increased to $33.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 from $29.2 million for the same period in 2011, representing an increase of $4.1 million. The increase is due to our equity share of (i) improved property operations, (ii) reduced interest expense due to a reduction in interest rate as a result of refinancing completed in 2011 combined with reduced average principal outstanding due to repayments during 2012, (iii) the impact of Shurgard Europe’s March 2, 2011 acquisition of the remaining 80% interest it did not own in two joint ventures that owned 72 self-storage facilities, partially offset by (iv) a reduction in foreign currency exchange rates when converting Euros into U.S. Dollars for reporting purposes. 

 Equity in earnings from Shurgard Europe for the year ended December 31, 2011 was $29.2 million as compared to $15.9 million for the same period in 2010, representing an increase of $13.3 million. This increase was due to our equity share of (i) improved property operations, (ii) the acquisition on March 2, 2011, of the remaining 80% interests it did not own in two joint ventures that owned 72 self-storage facilities, resulting in reduced allocations of income to permanent noncontrolling equity interests (and an increased allocation to Shurgard Europe), and (iii) improved foreign currency exchange rates. These items were partially offset by increased interest and general and administrative expenses. 

 39 

 Shurgard Europe has a nominal development pipeline. Accordingly, at least in the short-term, our future earnings from Shurgard Europe will be affected primarily by the operating results of its existing facilities, as well as the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and currencies in the countries Shurgard Europe conducts its business, principally the Euro. 

 European Same Store Facilities : The Shurgard Europe Same Store Pool represents the 162 facilities (8.6 million net rentable square feet, representing 86% of the aggregate net rentable square feet of Shurgard Europe’s self-storage portfolio) that have been consolidated and operated by Shurgard Europe on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2010 and therefore provide meaningful comparisons for 2010, 2011 and 2012. We evaluate the performance of these facilities because Shurgard Europe’s ability to effectively manage stabilized facilities represents an important measure of its ability to grow its earnings over the long-term. 

 The following table reflects 100% of the operating results of those 162 facilities, and we restate the exchange rates used in prior year’s presentation to the actual exchange rates for 2012. However, only our pro rata share of the operating results for these facilities, based upon the actual exchange rates for each period, is included in “equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities” on our statements of income. 

 In Note 4 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements, we disclose Shurgard Europe’s consolidated operating results for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. Shurgard Europe’s consolidated operating results include 26 additional facilities that are not Same Store Facilities, and are based upon historical exchange rates rather than constant exchange rates for each of the respective periods. 

 40 

 Selected Operating Data for the Shurgard Europe Same Store Pool (162 facilities): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended September 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Percentage 

 Change 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except weighted average data, 

 utilizing constant exchange rates) (a) 

 Revenues (including late charges and administrative fees) 

 $ 

 188,115 

 $ 

 190,141 

 (1.1 

 )% 

 $ 

 190,141 

 $ 

 186,805 

 1.8 

 % 

 Less: Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization expenses) 

 78,615 

 82,105 

 (4.3 

 )% 

 82,105 

 80,546 

 1.9 

 % 

 Net operating income (b) 

 $ 

 109,500 

 $ 

 108,036 

 1.4 

 % 

 $ 

 108,036 

 $ 

 106,259 

 1.7 

 % 

 Gross margin 

 58.2 

 % 

 56.8 

 % 

 2.5 

 % 

 56.8 

 % 

 56.9 

 % 

 (0.2 

 )% 

 Weighted average for the period: 

 Square foot occupancy (c) 

 83.1 

 % 

 85.2 

 % 

 (2.5 

 )% 

 85.2 

 % 

 84.8 

 % 

 0.5 

 % 

 Realized annual rent, prior to late charges and administrative fees, per: 

 Occupied square foot (d)(e) 

 $ 

 25.80 

 $ 

 25.40 

 1.6 

 % 

 $ 

 25.40 

 $ 

 25.09 

 1.2 

 % 

 Available square foot (“REVPAF”) (e)(f) 

 $ 

 21.44 

 $ 

 21.64 

 (0.9 

 )% 

 $ 

 21.64 

 $ 

 21.27 

 1.7 

 % 

 Weighted average at December 31: 

 Square foot occupancy 

 80.9 

 % 

 83.6 

 % 

 (3.2 

 )% 

 83.6 

 % 

 84.8 

 % 

 (1.4 

 )% 

 In place annual rent per occupied square foot (g) 

 $ 

 29.42 

 $ 

 28.65 

 2.7 

 % 

 $ 

 28.65 

 $ 

 28.03 

 2.2 

 % 

 Total net rentable square feet (in thousands) 

 8,627 

 8,627 

 - 

 8,627 

 8,627 

 - 

 Average Euro to the U.S. Dollar for the period (a): 

 Constant exchange rates used herein 

 1.285 

 1.285 

 - 

 1.285 

 1.285 

 - 

 Actual historical exchange rates 

 1.285 

 1.392 

 (7.7 

 )% 

 1.392 

 1.326 

 5.0 

 % 

 (a) 

 In order to isolate changes in the underlying operations from the impact of exchange rates, the amounts in this table are presented on a constant exchange rate basis. The amounts for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 have been restated using the actual exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 (b) 

 We present net operating income “NOI” of the European Same Store Facilities, which is a non-GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense. We believe that NOI is a meaningful measure of operating performance, because we utilize NOI in making decisions with respect to capital allocations, in determining current property values, in evaluating property performance and in comparing period-to-period and market-to-market property operating results. In addition, we believe the investment community utilizes NOI in determining operating performance and real estate values, and does not consider depreciation expense because it is based upon historical cost. NOI is not a substitute for net income, net operating cash flow, or other related GAAP financial measures, in evaluating the operating results of the European Same Store Facilities. 

 (c) 

 Square foot occupancies represent weighted average occupancy levels over the entire period. 

 (d) 

 Realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing annualized rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. 

 (e) 

 These measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. Late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. In addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. Realized annual rent takes into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income. 

 (f) 

 Realized annual rent per available foot or “REVPAF” is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. 

 (g) 

 In place annual rent per occupied square foot represents annualized contractual rents per occupied square foot without reductions for promotional discounts and excludes late charges and administrative fees. 

 41 

 Net operating income increased 1.4% for the year ended December 31, 2012, as compared to the same period in 2011, due to decreases in expenses offset by lower revenues. Net operating income increased 1.7% for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the same period in 2010, due principally to modest growth in revenue and expenses. Based upon current operating trends and metrics, we expect Shurgard Europe’s Same Store Facilities to experience a year over year reduction in revenues at least during the first quarter of 2013. 

 See “Liquidity and Capital Resources – Shurgard Europe” for additional information on Shurgard Europe’s liquidity. 

 Other Investments : The “Other Investments” at December 31, 2012 are comprised primarily of our equity in earnings from various limited partnerships that own an aggregate of 14 self-storage facilities (792,000 net rentable square feet). Our future earnings with respect to the Other Investments will be dependent upon the operating results of the facilities these entities own. See Note 4 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements under the “Other Investments” for the operating results of these entities. 

 Ancillary Operations 

 Ancillary revenues and expenses include amounts associated with (i) the reinsurance of policies against losses to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities in the U.S., (ii) merchandise sales, (iii) commercial property operations and (iv) management of approximately 30 facilities owned by third parties and the 14 facilities owned by the limited partnerships mentioned above. 

 Commercial property operations are included in our commercial segment and all other ancillary revenues and costs of operations are not allocated to any segment. See Note 11 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for further information regarding our segments and for a reconciliation of these ancillary revenues and cost of operations to our net income. 

 The following table sets forth our ancillary operations as presented on our statements of income. 

 Year Ended December 31 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Ancillary Revenues: 

 Tenant reinsurance premiums 

 $ 

 77,977 

 $ 

 71,348 

 $ 

 6,629 

 $ 

 71,348 

 $ 

 65,484 

 $ 

 5,864 

 Commercial 

 14,071 

 14,592 

 (521 

 ) 

 14,592 

 14,261 

 331 

 Merchandise and other 

 31,591 

 28,149 

 3,442 

 28,149 

 24,636 

 3,513 

 Total revenues 

 123,639 

 114,089 

 9,550 

 114,089 

 104,381 

 9,708 

 Ancillary Cost of Operations: 

 Tenant reinsurance 

 14,429 

 13,407 

 1,022 

 13,407 

 10,552 

 2,855 

 Commercial 

 4,908 

 5,505 

 (597 

 ) 

 5,505 

 5,748 

 (243 

 ) 

 Merchandise and other 

 18,926 

 18,484 

 442 

 18,484 

 17,389 

 1,095 

 Total cost of operations 

 38,263 

 37,396 

 867 

 37,396 

 33,689 

 3,707 

 Commercial depreciation 

 2,810 

 2,654 

 156 

 2,654 

 2,620 

 34 

 Ancillary net income: 

 Tenant reinsurance 

 63,548 

 57,941 

 5,607 

 57,941 

 54,932 

 3,009 

 Commercial 

 6,353 

 6,433 

 (80 

 ) 

 6,433 

 5,893 

 540 

 Merchandise and other 

 12,665 

 9,665 

 3,000 

 9,665 

 7,247 

 2,418 

 Total ancillary net income 

 $ 

 82,566 

 $ 

 74,039 

 $ 

 8,527 

 $ 

 74,039 

 $ 

 68,072 

 $ 

 5,967 

 Tenant reinsurance operations: We reinsure policies offered through a non-affiliated insurance company against losses to goods stored by tenants in the domestic self-storage facilities we operate. The level of tenant reinsurance revenues is largely dependent upon the level of premiums charged for such insurance and the number of tenants that participate in the insurance program. Cost of operations primarily includes claims paid that are not covered by our outside third-party insurers, as well as claims adjustment expenses. These costs are dependent primarily upon the level of losses incurred, including the level of catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, that occur and affect our properties thereby increasing tenant insurance claims. 

 42 

 The increase in tenant insurance revenues in 2012 as compared to 2011, and 2011 as compared to 2010, was due primarily to (i) an increase in the number of tenants participating in the insurance program, due to a larger tenant base combined with a higher participation level, and (ii) an increase in average premium rates. On average, approximately 63%, 61%, and 58% of our tenants had such policies during 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. We expect less growth in the percentage of tenants with insurance policies, and approximately flat premium rates, in 2013 as compared to the growth experienced in 2012. 

 Commercial operations: We also operate commercial facilities, primarily the leasing of small retail storefronts and office space located on or near our existing self-storage facilities. We do not expect any significant changes in revenues or profitability from our commercial operations. 

 Merchandise sales and other: We sell locks, boxes, and packing supplies at our self-storage facilities, and the level of sales of these items is primarily impacted by the level of move-ins and other customer traffic at our self-storage facilities. Over the past two years our merchandise sales and margins improved primarily as a result of higher retail prices for our locks. To a much lesser extent, we manage a total of 44 self-storage facilities in the U.S. for third party owners and various unconsolidated affiliated limited partnerships for a fee. 

 Other Income and Expense Items 

 Interest and other income: Interest and other income was $22.1 million in 2012, $32.3 million in 2011 and $29.0 million in 2010, respectively. Interest and other income primarily includes interest income on loans receivable from Shurgard Europe, as well as trademark license fees received from Shurgard Europe for the use of the “Shurgard” trade name. We record 51% of the aggregate interest income and trademark license fees as interest and other income, while the remaining 49% is presented as additional equity in earnings on our statements of income. 

 Interest and other income received from Shurgard Europe decreased from $26.7 million in 2011 to $20.0 million in 2012, due primarily to (i) interest income on a bridge loan to Shurgard Europe of approximately $2.5 million during 2011 (none in 2012), (ii) reduced interest income on our currently outstanding loan receivable from Shurgard Europe, due to lower average outstanding balance in 2012 versus 2011 and a decrease in the average exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar to the Euro from 1.392 for 2011 to 1.285 for 2012 when converting euro denominated interest on the loan into U.S. Dollars. 

 Interest and other income from Shurgard Europe increased from $25.1 million in 2010 to $26.7 million in 2011, due primarily to (i) $2.5 million in interest earned during 2011 on the aforementioned bridge loan to Shurgard Europe, and (ii) an increase in the average exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar to the Euro from 1.326 for 2010 as to 1.392 in 2011. 

 In 2011, we also received $1.5 million in interest and other income from our joint venture partner for funding its 51% pro rata share of Shurgard Europe’s cost of the Acquired JV Interests for the period from March 2, 2011 until June 15, 2011. 

 The loan receivable from Shurgard Europe is denominated in Euros, has a balance of €311.0 million ($411.0 million) as of December 31, 2012, and matures in February 2015. Future interest income recorded in connection with this loan will be dependent upon the average outstanding balance as well as the exchange rate of the Euro versus the U.S. Dollar. All such interest has been paid currently when due and we expect the interest to continue to be paid when due with Shurgard Europe’s operating cash flow. The terms of a loan payable by Shurgard Europe to a bank, with a principal amount of €160 million at December 31, 2012, requires significant principal repayments through the maturity date in November 2014. As a result, in 2012, there were no principal repayments on our loan, and future principal repayments on our loan will be limited until the bank loan is repaid. 

 43 

 Shurgard Europe is currently considering refinancing its debt during 2013, including amounts owed to us. Depending on if, and when, any such refinancing is consummated it would result in reduced interest income due to the repayment of our loan. 

 During 2011 and 2010, Shurgard Europe repaid €62.7 million ($85.8 million) and €18.2 million ($24.5 million), respectively, on our loan. 

 The remainder of our interest and other income is comprised primarily of interest earned on cash balances as well as sundry other income items that are received from time to time in varying amounts. Interest income on cash balances has been minimal, because rates have been at historic lows of 0.1% or less, and we expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. Future earnings from sundry other income items are not predictable. 

 Depreciation and amortization: Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately stable at $357.8 million, $358.0 million and $353.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The level of future depreciation and amortization will primarily depend upon the level of acquisitions of facilities and the level of capital expenditures we incur on our facilities. 

 General and administrative expense: General and administrative expense for 2012, 2011, and 2010 is set forth in the following table: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Change 

 2011 

 2010 

 Change 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Share-based compensation expense 

 $ 

 24,312 

 $ 

 23,709 

 $ 

 603 

 $ 

 23,709 

 $ 

 11,444 

 $ 

 12,265 

 Costs of senior executives 

 4,736 

 3,332 

 1,404 

 3,332 

 3,332 

 - 

 Development and acquisition overhead 

 6,355 

 4,129 

 2,226 

 4,129 

 5,860 

 (1,731 

 ) 

 Tax compliance costs and taxes paid 

 4,775 

 5,546 

 (771 

 ) 

 5,546 

 3,684 

 1,862 

 Legal costs 

 3,653 

 3,601 

 52 

 3,601 

 2,678 

 923 

 Public company costs 

 2,937 

 2,919 

 18 

 2,919 

 3,133 

 (214 

 ) 

 Other costs 

 10,069 

 9,174 

 895 

 9,174 

 8,356 

 818 

 Total 

 $ 

 56,837 

 $ 

 52,410 

 $ 

 4,427 

 $ 

 52,410 

 $ 

 38,487 

 $ 

 13,923 

 Share-based compensation expense includes the amortization of restricted share units (“RSUs”) and stock options granted to employees, as well as employer taxes incurred upon vesting of RSUs and upon exercise of employee stock options. The level of share-based compensation expense varies based upon the level of grants and forfeitures. Share-based compensation cost increased in 2011 as compared to 2010 due primarily to an increase of $11.3 million related to a performance-based plan established in 2011 (the “2011 Plan”), with expense recognized on an accelerated basis over five years. Share-based compensation costs increased $0.6 million in 2012 as compared to 2011, due to additional share-based grants, offset partially by a reduction of $5.5 million with respect to the 2011 Plan. We expect share-based compensation expense to remain flat in 2013 as compared to 2012. See Note 10 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for further information on our share-based compensation. 

 Costs of senior executives represents the cash compensation paid to our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and has increased due to an increase in incentive compensation paid in 2012 as compared to 2011. 

 Development and acquisition overhead represents the internal and external expenses of identifying, evaluating, and implementing our acquisition and development activities and varies primarily based upon the level of development and acquisition activities undertaken. Approximately $1.8 million, $0.8 million, and $2.6 million in incremental legal, transfer tax, and other related costs were incurred in connection with the acquisition of real estate facilities in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The level of such costs to be incurred in 2013 will depend upon the level of acquisition activities, which is not determinable. We have hired additional personnel in late 2012 in connection with an expansion in our development activity, as a result we expect an increase in costs associated with development personnel. 

 44 

 Tax compliance costs and taxes paid include taxes paid to various state and local authorities, the internal and external costs of filing tax returns, costs associated with complying with federal and state tax laws, and maintaining our compliance with Internal Revenue Service REIT rules. Such costs vary primarily based upon the tax rates of the various states in which we do business. 

 Legal costs include internal personnel as well as fees paid to legal firms and other third parties with respect to general corporate legal matters and risk management, and varies based upon the level of litigation. 

 Public company costs represent the incremental costs of operating as a publicly-traded company, such as internal and external investor relations expenses, stock listing and transfer agent fees, board of directors’ costs, and costs associated with maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

 Our future general and administrative expenses are difficult to estimate, due to their dependence upon many factors, including those noted above. 

 Interest expense: Interest expense was $19.8 million, $24.2 million and $30.2 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Interest capitalized into real estate was nominal for all periods due to our minimal real estate development activities. 

 The decreases in 2012 as compared to 2011, and 2011 as compared to 2010, are due primarily to principal repayments on our mortgage debt and, with respect to the 2011 decrease, repayments on our senior unsecured notes. See Note 6 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for a schedule of our notes payable balances, principal repayment requirements, and average interest rates. 

 Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss): We recorded a foreign currency translation gain of $8.9 million in 2012 and losses of $7.3 million and $42.3 million in 2011, and 2010, respectively, representing the change in the U.S. Dollar equivalent of our Euro-based loan receivable from Shurgard Europe due to fluctuations in exchange rates. We have not entered into any agreements to mitigate the impact of currency exchange fluctuations between the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, therefore the amount of U.S. Dollars we will receive on repayment will depend upon the currency exchange rates at that time. We record the exchange gains or losses into net income each period because of our continued expectation of repayment of the loan in the foreseeable future. The U.S. Dollar exchange rate relative to the Euro was approximately 1.322, 1.295 and 1.325 at December 31, 2012, December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. 

 Future foreign exchange gains or losses will be dependent primarily upon the movement of the Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar, the amount owed from Shurgard Europe and our continued expectation of collecting the principal on the loan in the foreseeable future. 

 Discontinued Operations : In addition to the revenues and cost of operations of disposed self-storage facilities, discontinued operations includes $12.1 million, $2.7 million and $7.8 million in gains on disposition of real estate facilities in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and a $1.9 million impairment charge on real estate and intangible assets incurred in 2010. 

 Net Income Allocable to Noncontrolling Interests: Net income allocable to noncontrolling interests decreased during 2012 as compared to the 2011, and in 2011 as compared to 2010, due primarily to our acquisition of noncontrolling interests during 2012 and 2011. 

 Net Income Allocable to Preferred Shareholders: Allocations of net income to our preferred shareholders generally consists of allocations (i) based on distributions and (ii) in applying EITF D-42 when we redeem preferred stock. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we have redeemed certain existing series of preferred shares and issued additional preferred shares at lower coupon rates. Net income allocable to preferred shareholders in applying EITF D-42 increased in 2012 as compared to 2011, and in 2011 as compared to 2010, due to increases in preferred share redemption activities. Net income allocable to preferred shareholders associated with distributions decreased during 2012 as compared to 2011, and 2011 as compared to 2010, due primarily to lower average dividend rates on our outstanding preferred securities. Based upon our preferred shares outstanding at December 31, 2012, and including the Series W Preferred Shares which were issued on January 16, 2013, our quarterly distribution to our preferred shareholders is expected to be approximately $49.0 million. 

 45 

 Net Operating Income 

 In our discussions above, we refer to net operating income or “NOI,” which is a non-GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense. We believe that NOI is a meaningful measure of operating performance, because we utilize NOI in making decisions with respect to capital allocations, in determining current property values, in evaluating property performance and in comparing period-to-period and market-to-market property operating results. In addition, we believe the investment community utilizes NOI in determining operating performance and real estate values, and does not consider depreciation expense because it is based upon historical cost. NOI is not a substitute for net income, net operating cash flow, or other related GAAP financial measures, in evaluating our operating results. The following table reconciles NOI generated by our self-storage facilities to our net income: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Self-storage net operating income: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 $ 

 1,127,568 

 $ 

 1,045,014 

 $ 

 979,802 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 73,656 

 53,672 

 34,879 

 1,201,224 

 1,098,686 

 1,014,681 

 Self-storage depreciation expense: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 (313,173 

 ) 

 (319,033 

 ) 

 (316,199 

 ) 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 (41,798 

 ) 

 (36,282 

 ) 

 (34,426 

 ) 

 (354,971 

 ) 

 (355,315 

 ) 

 (350,625 

 ) 

 Self-storage net income: 

 Same Store Facilities 

 814,395 

 725,981 

 663,603 

 Non Same Store Facilities 

 31,858 

 17,390 

 453 

 Total net income from self-storage 

 846,253 

 743,371 

 664,056 

 Ancillary operating revenue 

 123,639 

 114,089 

 104,381 

 Ancillary cost of operations 

 (38,263 

 ) 

 (37,396 

 ) 

 (33,689 

 ) 

 Commercial depreciation and amortization 

 (2,810 

 ) 

 (2,654 

 ) 

 (2,620 

 ) 

 General and administrative expense 

 (56,837 

 ) 

 (52,410 

 ) 

 (38,487 

 ) 

 Asset impairment charges 

 - 

 (2,186 

 ) 

 (994 

 ) 

 Interest and other income 

 22,074 

 32,333 

 29,017 

 Interest expense 

 (19,813 

 ) 

 (24,222 

 ) 

 (30,225 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 45,586 

 58,704 

 38,352 

 Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 

 8,876 

 (7,287 

 ) 

 (42,264 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement 

 1,456 

 10,801 

 827 

 Discontinued operations 

 12,874 

 3,316 

 7,760 

 Net income 

 $ 

 943,035 

 $ 

 836,459 

 $ 

 696,114 

 46 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 We believe that our cash balances and net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our operating expenses, debt service, capital improvements and distribution requirements to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. 

 Operating as a REIT, our ability to retain cash flow for reinvestment is restricted. In order for us to maintain our REIT status, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow must be distributed to our shareholders (see “Requirement to Pay Distributions ” below). Despite the significant distribution requirements, we have been able to retain a significant amount of our operating cash flow. The following table summarizes our ability to fund capital improvements to maintain our facilities, distributions to the noncontrolling interests, and distributions to our shareholders through the use of cash provided by operating activities. The remaining cash flow generated is available to make both scheduled and optional principal payments on debt and for reinvestment. 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amount in thousands) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities (a) 

 $ 

 1,285,659 

 $ 

 1,203,452 

 $ 

 1,093,221 

 Capital improvements to real estate facilities 

 (67,737 

 ) 

 (69,777 

 ) 

 (77,500 

 ) 

 Remaining operating cash flow available for distributions to equity holders 

 1,217,922 

 1,133,675 

 1,015,721 

 Distributions paid to: 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (5,945 

 ) 

 (14,314 

 ) 

 (24,542 

 ) 

 Common shareholders and restricted share unitholders ($4.40 per share for 2012, $3.65 per share for 2011 and $3.05 per share for 2010) 

 (753,913 

 ) 

 (621,369 

 ) 

 (516,894 

 ) 

 Preferred and Equity Shares, Series A shareholders 

 (205,241 

 ) 

 (224,877 

 ) 

 (237,876 

 ) 

 Cash from operations available for principal payments on debt and reinvestment (b) 

 $ 

 252,823 

 $ 

 273,115 

 $ 

 236,409 

 (a) 

 Represents net cash provided by operating activities for each respective year as presented in our December 31, 2012 statements of cash flows. 

 (b) 

 We present cash from operations available for principal payments on debt and reinvestment because we believe it is an important measure to evaluate our ongoing liquidity. This measure is not a substitute for cash flows from operations or net cash flows in evaluating our liquidity, ability to repay our debt, or to meet our distribution requirements. 

 Our financial profile is characterized by a low level of debt-to-total-capitalization. We expect to fund our long-term growth strategies and debt obligations with (i) retained operating cash flows, (ii) depending upon market conditions, proceeds from the issuance of common or preferred equity, and (iii) in the case of acquisitions of facilities, the assumption of existing debt. In general, our strategy is to continue to finance our growth with permanent capital, either retained operating cash flow or capital raised through the issuance of common or preferred equity to the extent that market conditions are favorable. 

 We have elected to use predominantly preferred securities in our capital structure as a form of leverage despite the fact that the dividend rates of our preferred securities exceed the prevailing market interest rates on conventional debt. We have chosen this method of financing for the following reasons: (i) under the REIT structure, a significant amount of operating cash flow needs to be distributed to our shareholders, making it difficult to repay debt with operating cash flow alone, (ii) our perpetual preferred shares have no sinking fund requirement or maturity date and do not require redemption, all of which eliminate future refinancing risks, (iii) after the end of a non-call period, we have the option to redeem the preferred shares at any time, which enables us to refinance higher coupon preferred shares with new preferred shares at lower rates if appropriate, (iv) preferred shares do not contain covenants, thus allowing us to maintain significant financial flexibility, and (v) dividends on the preferred shares can be applied to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. 

 47 

 Our credit ratings on each of our series of preferred shares are “A3” by Moody’s, “BBB+” by Standard & Poor’s and “A-” by Fitch Ratings. In recent years, we have been one of the largest and most frequent issuers of preferred stock in the U.S. 

 Summary of Current Cash Balances and Short-term Capital Commitments : At December 31, 2012, cash and cash equivalents totaled $17.2 million and we had $133.0 million in borrowings on our line of credit. On January 16, 2013, we raised $485 million in net proceeds from the issuance of our 5.2% Series W Preferred Shares and repaid the outstanding borrowings on our line of credit. We have $255 million in scheduled principal repayments in 2013, including $186 million for our senior notes which mature on March 15, 2013. As noted below, we have a pipeline of development projects with approximately $133 million in remaining spending. We have no other significant commitments in 2013. 

 Access to Additional Capital: We have a revolving line of credit for borrowings up to $300 million which expires March 21, 2017, with no outstanding borrowings at February 25, 2013. We seldom borrow on the line of credit and generally view borrowings on the line as a means to bridge capital needs until we are able to refinance them with permanent capital. When seeking capital, we select the lowest-cost form of permanent capital. For at least the last ten years, we have raised cash proceeds for growth and other corporate purposes primarily through the issuance of preferred securities, while we have issued common shares only in connection with mergers and acquisitions of interests in real estate entities, with one exception. In December 2012, we raised $101 million from the sale of common shares owned by a wholly-owned subsidiary, which was done to efficiently liquidate that subsidiary. We have no current plans to issue common shares for cash proceeds. 

 During periods of favorable market conditions, we have generally been able to raise capital from the issuance of preferred securities at an attractive cost of capital. During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we issued approximately $1.7 billion and $862.5 million, respectively, of preferred securities and on January 16, 2013, we issued another $500.0 million of preferred securities. The net proceeds from these issuances were generally used to fund the redemptions of higher rate preferred securities and thus lower our cost of capital with respect to our overall outstanding preferred securities. During 2013, due to the favorable market conditions, we expect to continue to issue preferred securities with the likelihood that we will build our cash reserves for future investments. 

 Debt Service Requirements: As of December 31, 2012, our outstanding debt totaled approximately $468.8 million, including $133 million outstanding on our line of credit. On January 16, 2013, we repaid the remaining outstanding balance on our line of credit. Approximate principal maturities of our other unsecured and secured debt are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

 Unsecured debt 

 Secured debt 

 Total 

 2013 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 68,116 

 $ 

 254,576 

 2014 

 - 

 35,127 

 35,127 

 2015 

 - 

 30,009 

 30,009 

 2016 

 - 

 10,065 

 10,065 

 2017 

 - 

 1,003 

 1,003 

 Thereafter 

 - 

 5,048 

 5,048 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 149,368 

 $ 

 335,828 

 The unsecured debt of $186.5 million is due on March 15, 2013. Our remaining debt maturities are nominal compared to our annual cash from operations available for debt repayment. We intend to repay the debt at maturity and not seek to refinance it with additional debt. 

 Our portfolio of real estate facilities is substantially unencumbered. At December 31, 2012, we have 2,001 self-storage facilities with an aggregate net book value of approximately $7.0 billion that are unencumbered. 

 48 

 Capital Improvement Requirements: Capital improvements include major repairs or replacements to elements of our facilities, which keep the facilities in good operating condition and maintain their visual appeal to the customer. Capital improvements do not include costs relating to the development of new facilities or the expansion of net rentable square footage of existing facilities. We incurred capital improvements totaling $67.7 million during 2012. During 2013, we expect to incur approximately $72 million for capital improvements and expect to fund such improvements with operating cash flow. For the last three years, our capital expenditures have ranged between approximately $0.55 and $0.60 per net rentable square foot per year. 

 Requirement to Pay Distributions: For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, we do not incur federal income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. We believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to elect and qualify as a REIT. 

 Aggregate REIT qualifying distributions paid during 2012 totaled $959.2 million, consisting of $205.2 million to preferred shareholders and $753.9 million to common shareholders and restricted share unitholders. 

 We estimate the annual distribution requirements with respect to our Preferred Shares outstanding at December 31, 2012, including the Series W Preferred Shares issued on January 16, 2013, to be approximately $196 million per year. 

 On February 21, 2013, our Board of Trustees declared a regular common quarterly dividend of $1.25 per common share, representing an increase of 13.6% from the previous regular common dividend of $1.10 per common share. Our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute only our taxable income. Future quarterly distributions with respect to the common shares will continue to be determined based upon our REIT distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the preferred shareholders and will be funded with operating cash flow. 

 We are obligated to pay distributions to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated subsidiaries based upon the available operating cash flows of the respective subsidiary. We estimate annual distributions of approximately $6.3 million with respect to such non-controlling interests outstanding at December 31, 2012. 

 Acquisition Activities: During 2013, we will continue to seek to acquire self-storage facilities from third parties; however, it is difficult to estimate the amount of third party acquisitions we will undertake. 

 Development Activities : At December 31, 2012, we had a development pipeline of projects to expand existing self-storage facilities and develop new self-storage facilities, which will add approximately 1.3 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. The aggregate cost of these projects is estimated at $169 million, of which $36 million had been incurred at December 31, 2012, and the remaining costs will be incurred principally in 2013. Some of these projects are subject to significant contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects and have hired additional personnel; however, due to the difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as the difficulty in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities, it is uncertain as to how much additional development we will undertake in the future. 

 Shurgard Europe: We have a 49% interest in Shurgard Europe and our institutional partner owns the remaining 51% interest. As of December 31, 2012, Shurgard Europe had two loans outstanding; (i) €159.5 million due to a bank and (ii) €311.0 million due to Pubic Storage. The loan due to Public Storage (totaling $411.0 million U.S Dollars) bears interest at a fixed rate of 9.0% per annum and matures February 15, 2015. The loan can be prepaid in part or in full at any time without penalty. This loan is denominated in Euros and is translated to U.S. Dollars for financial statement purposes. 

 49 

 The bank loan requires significant principal reduction through the maturity date in November 2014. As a result, in 2012, there were no principal repayments on our loan, and future principal repayments on our loan will be limited until the bank loan is repaid. Further, consistent with prior years, we do not expect to receive cash distributions from Shurgard Europe with respect to our 49% equity interest for the foreseeable future. 

 Redemption of Preferred Securities : We have no other series of preferred shares that are redeemable before April 2015 and none of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders. 

 Repurchases of Company’s Common Shares : Our Board of Trustees has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During 2012, we did not repurchase any of our common shares. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 25, 2013, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $679.1 million. We have no current plans to repurchase shares; however, future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives and the trading price of our common shares. 

 Contractual Obligations 

 Our significant contractual obligations at December 31, 2012 and their impact on our cash flows and liquidity are summarized below for the years ending December 31 (amounts in thousands): 

 Total 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Long-term debt (1) 

 $ 

 351,925 

 $ 

 264,023 

 $ 

 38,533 

 $ 

 31,358 

 $ 

 10,851 

 $ 

 1,324 

 $ 

 5,836 

 Line of credit (2) 

 133,064 

 133,064 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Operating leases (3) 

 74,681 

 4,731 

 4,615 

 3,661 

 3,567 

 2,722 

 55,385 

 Construction and purchase commitments 

 14,828 

 12,392 

 2,436 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total 

 $ 

 574,498 

 $ 

 414,210 

 $ 

 45,584 

 $ 

 35,019 

 $ 

 14,418 

 $ 

 4,046 

 $ 

 61,221 

 (1) 

 Amounts include principal and interest payments (all of which are fixed-rate) on our notes payable based on their contractual terms. See Note 6 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for additional information on our notes payable. 

 (2) 

 Amounts represent borrowings under our $300 million revolving line of credit, which were repaid in January 2013. See Note 6 to our December 31, 2012 financial statements for additional information on our line of credit. 

 (3) 

 We lease land, equipment and office space under various operating leases. Certain leases are cancelable; however, significant penalties would be incurred upon cancellation. Amounts reflected above consider continuance of the lease without cancellation. 

 We estimate the annual distribution requirements with respect to our Preferred Shares outstanding at December 31, 2012, including the Series W Preferred Shares issued on January 16, 2013, to be approximately $196 million per year. Dividends are paid when and if declared by our Board of Trustees and accumulate if not paid. We have no other series of preferred shares that are redeemable before April 2015 and none of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements : At December 31, 2012, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under Regulation S-K 303(a)(4) and the instructions thereto. 

 50 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 To limit our exposure to market risk, we are capitalized primarily with preferred and common equity. Our preferred shares are redeemable at our option generally five years after issuance, but the holder has no redemption option. Our debt is our only market-risk sensitive portion of our capital structure, which totals $468.8 million and represents 5.8% of the book value of our equity at December 31, 2012. 

 We have foreign currency exposures related to our investment in Shurgard Europe, which has a book value of $411.1 million at December 31, 2012. We also have a loan receivable from Shurgard Europe, which is denominated in Euros, totaling €311.0 million ($411.0 million) at December 31, 2012. 

 The table below summarizes annual debt maturities and weighted-average interest rates on our outstanding debt at the end of each year and fair values required to evaluate our expected cash-flows under debt agreements and our sensitivity to interest rate changes at December 31, 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands). 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Fair Value 

 Fixed rate debt 

 $ 

 254,576 

 $ 

 35,127 

 $ 

 30,009 

 $ 

 10,065 

 $ 

 1,003 

 $ 

 5,048 

 $ 

 335,828 

 $ 

 339,634 

 Average interest rate 

 5.87 

 % 

 5.35 

 % 

 5.45 

 % 

 5.57 

 % 

 5.78 

 % 

 5.69 

 % 

 Variable rate debt (1) 

 $ 

 133,000 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 133,000 

 $ 

 133,000 

 Average interest rate 

 1.16 

 % 

 (1) 

 Amounts represent borrowings under our line of credit which expires in March 2017, which had a variable interest rate at December 31, 2012 of 1.16%. These borrowings were repaid in January 2013. 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 The financial statements of the Company at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 and the report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, thereon and the related financial statement schedule, are included elsewhere herein. Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements and Schedules in Item 15. 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

 51 

 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file and submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (“Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in accordance with SEC guidelines and that such information is communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of "disclosure controls and procedures" in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures in reaching that level of reasonable assurance. We also have investments in certain unconsolidated real estate entities and because we do not control these entities, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. 

 As of December 31, 2012, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2012, at a reasonable assurance level. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee on Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012. 

 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst & Young LLP’s report on our internal control over financial reporting appears below. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2011 to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

 52 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Trustees and Shareholders of 

 Public Storage 

 We have audited Public Storage’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Public Storage’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In our opinion, Public Storage maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on the COSO criteria . 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Public Storage as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 and our report dated February 25, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

 Los Angeles, California 

 February 25, 2013 

 53 

 PART III 

 ITEM 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this item with respect to trustees will be included under the captions titled “Election of Trustees” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 (the “2013 Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The information required by this item with respect to the nominating process, the audit committee and the audit committee financial expert will be included under the captions “Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Audit Committee”, “Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Consideration of Candidates for Trustee” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The information required by this item with respect to Section 16(a) compliance will be included under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The information required by this item with respect to a code of ethics will be included under the caption “Corporate Governance and Board Matters” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Any amendments to or waivers of the code of ethics granted to the Company’s executive officers or the controller will be published promptly on our website or by other appropriate means in accordance with SEC rules and regulations. 

 The following is a biographical summary of the current executive officers of the Company: 

 Ronald L. Havner, Jr ., age 55, is Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. He was named Chairman in 2011 and has served as the company’s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Public Storage since November 2002. Mr. Havner has been Chairman of the Board of Public Storage’s affiliate, PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB), since March 1998. Within the last five years, Mr. Havner served on the boards of Union BanCal Corporation and its subsidiary, Union Bank of California, and General Finance Corporation. 

 John Reyes , age 52, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Public Storage since 1996. 

 Shawn Weidmann , 49, joined Public Storage as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in August 2011. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Weidmann was employed at Teleflora LLC, the world’s leading floral wire service, where he served as President since 2006. 

 David F. Doll , age 54, became Senior Vice President and President, Real Estate Group, in February 2005, with responsibility for the real estate activities of Public Storage, including property acquisitions, developments, repackagings, and capital improvements. 

 Steven M. Glick , age 56, became Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of Public Storage in February 2010. From April 2005 until joining Public Storage, Mr. Glick was Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Americas for Technicolor (NYSE:TCH), a services, systems and technology company. 

 Candace N. Krol , age 51, has served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources since September 2005. 

 54 

 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

 The information required by this item will be included under the captions titled “Corporate Governance and Board Matters,” “Executive Compensation,” “Corporate Governance and Board Matters--Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” and “Report of the Compensation Committee” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.” 

 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2012 on the Company’s equity compensation plans: 

 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (a) 

 2,896,157 

 (b) 

 $ 

 59.24 

 1,535,487 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (c) 

 - 

 - 

 595,002 

 a) 

 The Company’s stock option and stock incentive plans are described more fully in Note 10 to the December 31, 2012 financial statements. All plans, other than the 2000 and 2001 Non-Executive/Non-Director Plans, were approved by the Company’s shareholders. 

 b) 

 Includes 642,647 restricted share units that, if and when vested, will be settled in common shares of the Company on a one for one basis. 

 c) 

 The outstanding options granted under plans not approved by the Company’s shareholders were granted under the Company’s 2000 and 2001 Non-Executive/Non-Director Plan, which does not allow participation by the Company’s executive officers and trustees. The principal terms of these plans are as follows: (1) 2,500,000 common shares were authorized for grant, (2) this plan is administered by the Equity Awards Committee, except that grants in excess of 100,000 shares to any one person requires approval by the Executive Equity Awards Committee, (3) options are granted at fair market value on the date of grant, (4) options have a ten year term and (5) options vest over three years in equal installments, or as indicated by the applicable grant agreement. 

 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence 

 The information required by this item will be included under the captions titled “Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Trustee Independence” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Legal Proceedings” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 55 

 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 The information required by this item will be included under the caption titled “Ratification of Auditors—Fees Billed to the Company by Ernst & Young LLP for 2012 and 2011” in the 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 56 

 PART IV 

 ITEM 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 a. 1. Financial Statements 

 The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements and Schedules hereof are filed as part of this report. 

 2. 

 Financial Statement Schedules 

 The financial statements schedules listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements and Schedules are filed as part of this report. 

 3. 

 Exhibits 

 See Index to Exhibits contained herein. 

 b. Exhibits: 

 See Index to Exhibits contained herein. 

 c. Financial Statement Schedules 

 Not applicable. 

 57 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS (1) 

 (Items 15(a)(3) and 15(c)) 

 3.1 

 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust. Filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.2 

 Bylaws of Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2010 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.3 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 6.875% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series O. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2010 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.4 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 6.500% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series P. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2010 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.5 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 6.5% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series Q. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.6 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 6.35% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series R. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 20, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.7 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.900% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series S. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.8 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.750% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series T. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 7, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.9 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.625% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series U. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.10 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.375% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series V. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 11, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 3.11 

 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.20% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series W. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 8, 2013 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 4.1 

 Master Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2007. Filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2007 and incorporated by reference herein. 

 10.1 

 Amended Management Agreement between Registrant and Public Storage Commercial Properties Group, Inc. dated as of February 21, 1995. Filed with Public Storage Inc.’s (“PSI”) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 58 

 10.2 

 Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement by and among Registrant and the entities listed therein dated as of November 16, 1995. Filed with PS Partners, Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (SEC File No. 001-11186) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.3 

 Agreement of Limited Partnership of PS Business Parks, L.P. Filed with PS Business Parks, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 1998 (SEC File No. 001-10709) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.4 

 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Storage Trust Properties, L.P. (March 12, 1999). Filed with PSI’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 1999 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.5 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Registrant, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner & Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other financial institutions party thereto, dated as of March 21, 2012. Filed with PSI’s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.6* 

 Post-Retirement Agreement between Registrant and B. Wayne Hughes dated as of March 11, 2004. Filed with Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.7* 

 Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc. 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan. Filed as Appendix A of Definitive Proxy Statement dated June 7, 2004 filed by Shurgard (SEC File No. 001-11455) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.8* 

 Public Storage, Inc. 2001 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (“2001 Plan”). Filed with PSI’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333-59218) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.9* 

 Form of 2001 Plan Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement. Filed with PSI’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.10* 

 Form of 2001 Plan Restricted Share Unit Agreement. Filed with PSI’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.11* 

 Form of 2001 Plan Non-Qualified Outside Director Stock Option Agreement. Filed with PSI’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-0839) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.12* 

 Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333-144907) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.13* 

 Form of 2007 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Filed with Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.14* 

 Form of 2007 Plan Stock Option Agreement. Filed with Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.15* 

 Form of Indemnity Agreement. Filed with Registrant’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-141448) and incorporated herein by reference. 

 59 

 10.16* 

 Amendment to Form of Trustee Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.17* 

 Revised Form of Trustee Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 12 

 Statement Re: Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends. Filed herewith. 

 21 

 Listing of Subsidiaries. Filed herewith. 

 23 

 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. Filed herewith. 

 31.1 

 Rule 13a – 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith. 

 31.2 

 Rule 13a – 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith. 

 32 

 Section 1350 Certifications. Filed herewith. 

 101 .INS** 

 XBRL Instance Document 

 101 .SCH** 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

 101 .CAL** 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

 101 .DEF** 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

 101 .LAB** 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

 101 .PRE** 

 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link 

 _ 

 (1) 

 SEC tFile No. 001-33519 unless otherwise indicated. 

 * 

 Denotes management compensatory plan agreement or arrangement. 

 ** 

 Furnished herewith. 

 60 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 Date: February 25, 2013 

 By: /s/ Ronald L. Havner, Jr. 

 Ronald L. Havner, Jr., Chairman, 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 Signature 

 Title 

 Date 

 /s/ Ronald L. Havner, Jr. 

 Ronald L. Havner, Jr. 

 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee 

 (principal executive officer) 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ John Reyes 

 John Reyes 

 Senior Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Tamara Hughes Gustavson 

 Tamara Hughes Gustavson 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Uri P. Harkham 

 Uri P. Harkham 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ B. Wayne Hughes, Jr. 

 B. Wayne Hughes, Jr. 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Avedick B. Poladian 

 Avedick B. Poladian 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Gary E. Pruitt 

 Gary E. Pruitt 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Ronald P. Spogli 

 Ronald P. Spogli 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 /s/ Daniel C. Staton 

 Daniel C. Staton 

 Trustee 

 February 25, 2013 

 61 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AND SCHEDULES 

 (Item 15 (a)) 

 Page References 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 F-1 

 Balance sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 F-2 

 For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: 

 Statements of income 

 F-3 

 Statements of comprehensive income 

 F-4 

 Statements of equity 

 F-5 – F-6 

 Statements of cash flows 

 F-7 – F-8 

 Notes to financial statements 

 F-9 – F-34 

 Schedule: 

 III – Real estate and accumulated depreciation 

 F-35– F-98 

 All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The Board of Trustees and Shareholders of 

 Public Storage 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Public Storage as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Public Storage at December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Public Storage’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 25, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP 

 Los Angeles, California 

 February 25, 2013 

 F-1 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 ASSETS 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 17,239 

 $ 

 139,008 

 Real estate facilities, at cost: 

 Land 

 2,868,925 

 2,811,515 

 Buildings 

 8,201,137 

 7,966,061 

 11,070,062 

 10,777,576 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 (3,738,130 

 ) 

 (3,398,379 

 ) 

 7,331,932 

 7,379,197 

 Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 

 735,323 

 714,627 

 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

 209,374 

 209,833 

 Loan receivable from unconsolidated real estate entity 

 410,995 

 402,693 

 Other assets 

 88,540 

 87,204 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 8,793,403 

 $ 

 8,932,562 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Borrowings on bank credit facility 

 $ 

 133,000 

 $ 

 - 

 Notes payable 

 335,828 

 398,314 

 Accrued and other liabilities 

 201,711 

 210,966 

 Total liabilities 

 670,539 

 609,280 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 12,355 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

 Equity: 

 Public Storage shareholders’ equity: 

 Preferred Shares, $0.01 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 113,500 shares issued (in series) and outstanding, (475,000 at December 31, 2011), at liquidation preference 

 2,837,500 

 3,111,271 

 Common Shares, $0.10 par value, 650,000,000 shares authorized, 171,388,286 shares issued and outstanding (170,238,805 shares at December 31, 2011) 

 17,139 

 17,024 

 Paid-in capital 

 5,519,596 

 5,442,506 

 Accumulated deficit 

 (279,474 

 ) 

 (259,578 

 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (1,005 

 ) 

 (23,014 

 ) 

 Total Public Storage shareholders’ equity 

 8,093,756 

 8,288,209 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 29,108 

 22,718 

 Total equity 

 8,122,864 

 8,310,927 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 8,793,403 

 $ 

 8,932,562 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-2 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues: 

 Self-storage facilities 

 $ 

 1,703,090 

 $ 

 1,603,524 

 $ 

 1,509,396 

 Ancillary operations 

 123,639 

 114,089 

 104,381 

 1,826,729 

 1,717,613 

 1,613,777 

 Expenses: 

 Self-storage cost of operations 

 501,866 

 504,838 

 494,715 

 Ancillary cost of operations 

 38,263 

 37,396 

 33,689 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 357,781 

 357,969 

 353,245 

 General and administrative 

 56,837 

 52,410 

 38,487 

 Asset impairment charges 

 - 

 2,186 

 994 

 954,747 

 954,799 

 921,130 

 Operating income 

 871,982 

 762,814 

 692,647 

 Interest and other income 

 22,074 

 32,333 

 29,017 

 Interest expense 

 (19,813 

 ) 

 (24,222 

 ) 

 (30,225 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 45,586 

 58,704 

 38,352 

 Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 

 8,876 

 (7,287 

 ) 

 (42,264 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement 

 1,456 

 10,801 

 827 

 Income from continuing operations 

 930,161 

 833,143 

 688,354 

 Discontinued operations 

 12,874 

 3,316 

 7,760 

 Net income 

 943,035 

 836,459 

 696,114 

 Allocation to noncontrolling interests 

 (3,777 

 ) 

 (12,617 

 ) 

 (24,076 

 ) 

 Net income allocable to Public Storage shareholders 

 939,258 

 823,842 

 672,038 

 Allocation of net income to: 

 Preferred shareholders - distributions 

 (205,241 

 ) 

 (224,877 

 ) 

 (232,745 

 ) 

 Preferred shareholders - redemptions 

 (61,696 

 ) 

 (35,585 

 ) 

 (7,889 

 ) 

 Equity Shares, Series A - distributions 

 - 

 - 

 (5,131 

 ) 

 Equity Shares, Series A - redemptions 

 - 

 - 

 (25,746 

 ) 

 Restricted share units 

 (2,627 

 ) 

 (1,633 

 ) 

 (1,349 

 ) 

 Net income allocable to common shareholders 

 $ 

 669,694 

 $ 

 561,747 

 $ 

 399,178 

 Net income per common share – basic 

 Continuing operations 

 $ 

 3.85 

 $ 

 3.29 

 $ 

 2.31 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.08 

 0.02 

 0.05 

 $ 

 3.93 

 $ 

 3.31 

 $ 

 2.36 

 Net income per common share – diluted 

 Continuing operations 

 $ 

 3.83 

 $ 

 3.27 

 $ 

 2.30 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.07 

 0.02 

 0.05 

 $ 

 3.90 

 $ 

 3.29 

 $ 

 2.35 

 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

 170,562 

 169,657 

 168,877 

 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

 171,664 

 170,750 

 169,772 

 Cash dividends declared per common share 

 $ 

 4.40 

 $ 

 3.65 

 $ 

 3.05 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-3 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income 

 $ 

 943,035 

 $ 

 836,459 

 $ 

 696,114 

 Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

 Aggregate foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 

 30,885 

 (14,528 

 ) 

 (43,035 

 ) 

 Adjust for foreign currency exchange (gain) loss included in net income 

 (8,876 

 ) 

 7,287 

 42,264 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 22,009 

 (7,241 

 ) 

 (771 

 ) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 965,044 

 829,218 

 695,343 

 Allocation to noncontrolling interests 

 (3,777 

 ) 

 (12,617 

 ) 

 (24,076 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income allocated to Public Storage shareholders 

 $ 

 961,267 

 $ 

 816,601 

 $ 

 671,267 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-4 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Cumulative 

 Accumulated Other 

 Total 

 Public Storage 

 Permanent 

 Preferred 

 Common 

 Paid-in 

 Accumulated 

 Comprehensive 

 Shareholders’ 

 Noncontrolling 

 Total 

 Shares 

 Shares 

 Capital 

 Deficit 

 (Loss) Income 

 Equity 

 Interests 

 Equity 

 Balances at December 31, 2009 

 $ 

 3,399,777 

 $ 

 16,842 

 $ 

 5,680,549 

 $ 

 (153,759 

 ) 

 $ 

 (15,002 

 ) 

 $ 

 8,928,407 

 $ 

 132,974 

 $ 

 9,061,381 

 Redemption of 10,950,000 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 (273,750 

 ) 

 - 

 800 

 - 

 - 

 (272,950 

 ) 

 - 

 (272,950 

 ) 

 Issuance of 10,800,000 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 270,000 

 - 

 (8,897 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 261,103 

 - 

 261,103 

 Redemption of preferred partnership units (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 (400 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (400 

 ) 

 (100,000 

 ) 

 (100,400 

 ) 

 Redemption of Equity Shares, Series A (8,377.193 shares) 

(Note 8) 

 - 

 - 

 (205,366 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (205,366 

 ) 

 - 

 (205,366 

 ) 

 Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation (847,280 shares) (Note 10) 

 - 

 85 

 41,223 

 - 

 - 

 41,308 

 - 

 41,308 

 Share-based compensation expense, net of cash paid in lieu of common shares (Note 10) 

 - 

 - 

 7,918 

 - 

 - 

 7,918 

 - 

 7,918 

 Adjustments of redeemable noncontrolling interests to liquidation value (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (319 

 ) 

 - 

 (319 

 ) 

 - 

 (319 

 ) 

 Net income 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 696,114 

 - 

 696,114 

 - 

 696,114 

 Net income allocated to (Note 7): 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (933 

 ) 

 - 

 (933 

 ) 

 - 

 (933 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (22,743 

 ) 

 - 

 (22,743 

 ) 

 22,743 

 - 

 Distributions to equity holders: 

 Preferred shares (Note 8) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (232,745 

 ) 

 - 

 (232,745 

 ) 

 - 

 (232,745 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (23,381 

 ) 

 (23,381 

 ) 

 Equity Shares, Series A ($0.6125 per depositary share) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (5,131 

 ) 

 - 

 (5,131 

 ) 

 - 

 (5,131 

 ) 

 Common shares and restricted share units ($3.05 per share) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (516,894 

 ) 

 - 

 (516,894 

 ) 

 - 

 (516,894 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive loss (Note 2) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (771 

 ) 

 (771 

 ) 

 - 

 (771 

 ) 

 Balances at December 31, 2010 

 3,396,027 

 16,927 

 5,515,827 

 (236,410 

 ) 

 (15,773 

 ) 

 8,676,598 

 32,336 

 8,708,934 

 Redemption of 45,890,000 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 (1,147,256 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (1,147,256 

 ) 

 - 

 (1,147,256 

 ) 

 Issuance of 34,500,000 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 862,500 

 - 

 (26,873 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 835,627 

 - 

 835,627 

 Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation (508,058 shares) (Note 10) 

 - 

 49 

 26,367 

 - 

 - 

 26,416 

 - 

 26,416 

 Issuance of common shares in connection with acquisition of noncontrolling interests (477,928 shares) (Note 7) 

 - 

 48 

 57,060 

 - 

 - 

 57,108 

 - 

 57,108 

 Share-based compensation expense, net of cash paid in lieu of common shares (Note 10) 

 - 

 - 

 19,445 

 - 

 - 

 19,445 

 - 

 19,445 

 Adjustments of redeemable noncontrolling interests to liquidation value (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (764 

 ) 

 - 

 (764 

 ) 

 - 

 (764 

 ) 

 Increase (decrease) in permanent noncontrolling interests in connection with: 

 Consolidation of partially-owned entities (Note 4) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 17,663 

 17,663 

 Acquisition of interests in Subsidiaries (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 (149,320 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (149,320 

 ) 

 (26,206 

 ) 

 (175,526 

 ) 

 Net income 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 836,459 

 - 

 836,459 

 - 

 836,459 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-5 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 (Continued) 

 Cumulative 

 Accumulated Other 

 Total 

 Public Storage 

 Permanent 

 Preferred 

 Common 

 Paid-in 

 Accumulated 

 Comprehensive 

 Shareholders’ 

 Noncontrolling 

 Total 

 Shares 

 Shares 

 Capital 

 Deficit 

 (Loss) Income 

 Equity 

 Interests 

 Equity 

 Net income allocated to (Note 7): 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (938 

 ) 

 - 

 (938 

 ) 

 - 

 (938 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (11,679 

 ) 

 - 

 (11,679 

 ) 

 11,679 

 - 

 Distributions to equity holders: 

 Preferred shares (Note 8) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (224,877 

 ) 

 - 

 (224,877 

 ) 

 - 

 (224,877 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (12,754 

 ) 

 (12,754 

 ) 

 Common shares and restricted share units ($3.65 per share) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (621,369 

 ) 

 - 

 (621,369 

 ) 

 - 

 (621,369 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive loss (Note 2) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (7,241 

 ) 

 (7,241 

 ) 

 - 

 (7,241 

 ) 

 Balances at December 31, 2011 

 3,111,271 

 17,024 

 5,442,506 

 (259,578 

 ) 

 (23,014 

 ) 

 8,288,209 

 22,718 

 8,310,927 

 Redemption of 79,150,833 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 (1,978,771 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (1,978,771 

 ) 

 - 

 (1,978,771 

 ) 

 Issuance of 68,200,000 preferred shares (Note 8) 

 1,705,000 

 - 

 (53,544 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 1,651,456 

 - 

 1,651,456 

 Issuance of common shares (1,149,481 shares) (Note 8) 

 - 

 115 

 124,332 

 - 

 - 

 124,447 

 - 

 124,447 

 Share-based compensation expense, net of cash paid in lieu of common shares (Note 10) 

 - 

 - 

 15,606 

 - 

 - 

 15,606 

 - 

 15,606 

 Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 (7,954 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (7,954 

 ) 

 - 

 (7,954 

 ) 

 Increase (decrease) in permanent noncontrolling interests in connection with: 

 Consolidation of partially-owned entities (Note 4) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 8,224 

 8,224 

 Acquisition of interests in Subsidiaries (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 (1,350 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (1,350 

 ) 

 (75 

 ) 

 (1,425 

 ) 

 Net income 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 943,035 

 - 

 943,035 

 - 

 943,035 

 Net income allocated to (Note 7): 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (236 

 ) 

 - 

 (236 

 ) 

 - 

 (236 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (3,541 

 ) 

 - 

 (3,541 

 ) 

 3,541 

 - 

 Distributions to equity holders: 

 Preferred shares (Note 8) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (205,241 

 ) 

 - 

 (205,241 

 ) 

 - 

 (205,241 

 ) 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (5,300 

 ) 

 (5,300 

 ) 

 Common shares and restricted share units ($4.40 per share) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (753,913 

 ) 

 - 

 (753,913 

 ) 

 - 

 (753,913 

 ) 

 Other comprehensive income (Note 2) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 22,009 

 22,009 

 - 

 22,009 

 Balances at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 2,837,500 

 $ 

 17,139 

 $ 

 5,519,596 

 $ 

 (279,474 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1,005 

 ) 

 $ 

 8,093,756 

 $ 

 29,108 

 $ 

 8,122,864 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-6 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

 $ 

 943,035 

 $ 

 836,459 

 $ 

 696,114 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement, including amounts in discontinued operations 

 (13,591 

 ) 

 (13,538 

 ) 

 (8,621 

 ) 

 Asset impairment charges, including amounts in discontinued operations 

 - 

 2,186 

 2,927 

 Depreciation and amortization, including amounts in discontinued operations 

 358,103 

 358,525 

 354,386 

 Distributions received from unconsolidated real estate entities (less than) in excess of equity in earnings 

 (904 

 ) 

 (5,197 

 ) 

 11,536 

 Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss 

 (8,876 

 ) 

 7,287 

 42,264 

 Other 

 7,892 

 17,730 

 (5,385 

 ) 

 Total adjustments 

 342,624 

 366,993 

 397,107 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 1,285,659 

 1,203,452 

 1,093,221 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Capital improvements to real estate facilities 

 (67,737 

 ) 

 (69,777 

 ) 

 (77,500 

 ) 

 Construction in process 

 (10,168 

 ) 

 (19,164 

 ) 

 (16,759 

 ) 

 Acquisition of real estate facilities and intangibles (Note 3) 

 (226,035 

 ) 

 (77,228 

 ) 

 (107,945 

 ) 

 Proceeds from sales of other real estate investments 

 20,021 

 13,435 

 15,210 

 Loans to unconsolidated real estate entities (Note 5) 

 - 

 (358,877 

 ) 

 - 

 Repayments of loans receivable from unconsolidated real estate entities 

 - 

 206,770 

 24,539 

 Disposition of loans receivable from unconsolidated real estate entities (Note 5) 

 - 

 121,317 

 - 

 Acquisition of investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 

 - 

 (1,274 

 ) 

 - 

 Maturities (purchases) of marketable securities 

 - 

 102,279 

 (104,828 

 ) 

 Other 

 (6,546 

 ) 

 1,164 

 678 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (290,465 

 ) 

 (81,355 

 ) 

 (266,605 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Borrowings on bank credit facility 

 133,000 

 - 

 - 

 Principal payments on notes payable 

 (61,013 

 ) 

 (174,355 

 ) 

 (77,092 

 ) 

 Issuance of common shares 

 124,447 

 26,416 

 41,308 

 Issuance of preferred shares 

 1,651,456 

 835,627 

 261,103 

 Redemption of preferred shares 

 (1,978,771 

 ) 

 (1,147,256 

 ) 

 (272,950 

 ) 

 Redemption of Equity Shares, Series A 

 - 

 - 

 (205,366 

 ) 

 Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 (19,900 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 Acquisition of permanent noncontrolling interests 

 (1,425 

 ) 

 (118,418 

 ) 

 (100,400 

 ) 

 Distributions paid to Public Storage shareholders 

 (959,154 

 ) 

 (846,246 

 ) 

 (754,770 

 ) 

 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

 (5,945 

 ) 

 (14,314 

 ) 

 (24,542 

 ) 

 Net cash used in financing activities 

 (1,117,305 

 ) 

 (1,438,546 

 ) 

 (1,132,709 

 ) 

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

 (122,111 

 ) 

 (316,449 

 ) 

 (306,093 

 ) 

 Net effect of foreign exchange translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 342 

 (795 

 ) 

 (1,444 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 

 139,008 

 456,252 

 763,789 

 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 

 $ 

 17,239 

 $ 

 139,008 

 $ 

 456,252 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-7 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 (Continued) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment: 

 Real estate facilities, net of accumulated depreciation 

 $ 

 (646 

 ) 

 $ 

 (18 

 ) 

 $ 

 445 

 Investment in unconsolidated real estate entities 

 (21,600 

 ) 

 6,985 

 (789 

 ) 

 Intangible assets 

 5 

 - 

 - 

 Loan receivable from unconsolidated real estate entity 

 (8,302 

 ) 

 6,766 

 41,935 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 30,885 

 (14,528 

 ) 

 (43,035 

 ) 

 Consolidation of entities previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting (Note 4): 

 Real estate facilities 

 (10,403 

 ) 

 (19,427 

 ) 

 - 

 Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 

 3,072 

 6,126 

 - 

 Intangible assets 

 (949 

 ) 

 (3,985 

 ) 

 - 

 Permanent noncontrolling interests 

 8,224 

 17,663 

 - 

 Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries acquired in exchange for the issuance of common shares (Note 7): 

 Additional paid in capital (noncontrolling interests acquired) 

 - 

 (57,108 

 ) 

 - 

 Common shares 

 - 

 48 

 - 

 Additional paid in capital (common shares issued) 

 - 

 57,060 

 - 

 Adjustments of redeemable noncontrolling interests to fair values: 

 Accumulated deficit 

 - 

 (764 

 ) 

 (319 

 ) 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 - 

 764 

 319 

 Exchange of loan receivable from Shurgard Europe for investment (Note 4): 

 Loans receivable from unconsolidated real estate entities 

 - 

 116,560 

 - 

 Investment in unconsolidated real estate entities 

 - 

 (116,560 

 ) 

 - 

 Real estate acquired in connection with elimination of intangible assets 

 - 

 (4,738 

 ) 

 - 

 Intangible assets eliminated in connection with acquisition of real estate 

 - 

 4,738 

 - 

 Real estate acquired in exchange for assumption of note payable 

 - 

 (9,679 

 ) 

 (131,698 

 ) 

 Note payable assumed in connection with acquisition of real estate 

 - 

 9,679 

 131,698 

 See accompanying notes. 

 F-8 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 1. 

 Description of the Business 

 Public Storage (referred to herein as “the Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), a Maryland real estate investment trust, was organized in 1980. Our principal business activities include the acquisition, development, ownership and operation of self-storage facilities which offer storage spaces for lease, generally on a month-to-month basis, for personal and business use. 

 At December 31, 2012, we had direct and indirect equity interests in 2,078 self-storage facilities (with approximately 132 million net rentable square feet) located in 38 states in the United States (“U.S.”) operating under the “Public Storage” name. In Europe, we own one self-storage facility in London, England and we have a 49% interest in Shurgard Europe, which owns 188 self-storage facilities (with approximately 10.1 million net rentable square feet) located in seven Western European countries, all operating under the “Shurgard” name. We also have direct and indirect equity interests in approximately 29.8 million net rentable square feet of commercial space located in 11 states in the U.S. primarily owned and operated by PS Business Parks, Inc. (“PSB”) under the “PS Business Parks” name. At December 31, 2012, we have an approximate 41% interest in PSB. 

 Disclosures of the number and square footage of properties, as well as the number and coverage of tenant reinsurance policies are unaudited and outside the scope of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit of our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

 2. 

 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Basis of Presentation 

 The financial statements are presented on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) as defined in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (the “Codification”). Certain amounts previously reported in our December 31, 2011 and 2010 financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the December 31, 2012 presentation, as a result of discontinued operations. 

 Consolidation and Equity Method of Accounting 

 We consider entities to be Variable Interest Entities (“VIE’s”) when they have insufficient equity to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by other parties, or where the equity holders as a group do not have a controlling financial interest. We have determined that we have no investments in any VIEs. 

 We consolidate all entities that we control (these entities, for the period in which the reference applies, are referred to collectively as the “Subsidiaries”), and we eliminate intercompany transactions and balances. We account for our investments in entities that we have significant influence over, but do not control, using the equity method of accounting (these entities, for the periods in which the reference applies, are referred to collectively as the “Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities”). When we obtain control of an Unconsolidated Real Estate Entity, we commence consolidating the entity and record a gain representing the differential between the book value and fair value of our preexisting equity interest. All changes in consolidation status are reflected prospectively. 

 When we are general partner, we control the partnership unless the third-party limited partners can dissolve the partnership or otherwise remove us as general partner without cause, or if the limited partners have the right to participate in substantive decisions of the partnership. 

 F-9 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Collectively, at December 31, 2012, the Company and the Subsidiaries own 2,064 self-storage facilities in the U.S., one self-storage facility in London, England and six commercial facilities in the U.S. At December 31, 2012, the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities are comprised of PSB, Shurgard Europe, as well as limited partnerships that own an aggregate of 14 self-storage facilities in the U.S. with 0.8 million net rentable square feet (these limited partnerships, for the periods in which the reference applies, are referred to as the “Other Investments”). 

 Use of Estimates 

 The financial statements and accompanying notes reflect our estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Income Taxes 

 We have elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, we do not incur federal income tax if we distribute 100% of our REIT taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) each year, and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. We believe we will meet these REIT requirements in 2012, and that we have met them for all other periods presented herein. Accordingly, we have recorded no federal income tax expense related to our REIT taxable income. 

 Our merchandise and tenant reinsurance operations are subject to corporate income tax, and such taxes are included in ancillary cost of operations. We also incur income and other taxes in certain states, which are included in general and administrative expense. 

 We recognize tax benefits of uncertain income tax positions that are subject to audit only if we believe it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained (including the impact of appeals, as applicable), assuming the relevant taxing authorities had full knowledge of the relevant facts and circumstances of our positions. As of December 31, 2012, we had no tax benefits that were not recognized. 

 Real Estate Facilities 

 Real estate facilities are recorded at cost. We capitalize all costs incurred to develop, construct, renovate and improve properties, including interest and property taxes incurred during the construction period. We expense internal and external transaction costs associated with acquisitions or dispositions of real estate, as well as repairs and maintenance costs, as incurred. We depreciate buildings and improvements on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging generally between 5 to 25 years. 

 We allocate the net acquisition cost of acquired operating self-storage facilities (consisting of the cash paid to third parties for their interests, the fair value of our existing investment, and the fair value of any liabilities assumed) to the underlying land, buildings, identified intangible assets, and remaining noncontrolling interests based upon their respective individual estimated fair values. Any difference between the net acquisition cost and the estimated fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

 Other Assets 

 Other assets primarily consist of prepaid expenses, accounts receivable, land held for sale and restricted cash. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we recorded asset impairment charges with respect to other assets totaling $1.9 million and $1.0 million, respectively. 

 F-10 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Accrued and Other Liabilities 

 Accrued and other liabilities consist primarily of trade payables, property tax accruals, tenant prepayments of rents, accrued interest payable, accrued payroll, accrued tenant reinsurance losses, casualty losses, and contingent loss accruals which are accrued when probable and estimable. We disclose the nature of significant unaccrued losses that are reasonably possible of occurring and, if estimable, a range of exposure. 

 Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 

 Cash equivalents represent highly liquid financial instruments such as money market funds with daily liquidity or short-term commercial paper or treasury securities maturing within three months of acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents which are restricted from general corporate use are included in other assets. Commercial paper not maturing within three months of acquisition, which we intend and have the capacity to hold until maturity, are included in marketable securities and accounted for using the effective interest method. 

 Fair Value Accounting 

 As used herein, the term “fair value” is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. We prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value based upon a three-tier fair value hierarchy described in Codification Section 820-10-35. 

 We believe that, during all periods presented, the carrying values approximate the fair values of our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, other assets, and accrued and other liabilities, based upon our evaluation of the underlying characteristics, market data, and short maturity of these financial instruments, which involved considerable judgment. The estimated fair values are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in current market exchanges. The characteristics of these financial instruments, market data, and other comparative metrics utilized in determining these fair values are “Level 2” inputs as the term is defined in Codification Section 820-10-35-47. 

 We use significant judgment to estimate fair values in recording our business combinations, to evaluate real estate, goodwill, and other intangible assets for impairment, and to determine the fair values of our notes payable and receivable. In estimating fair values, we consider significant unobservable inputs such as market prices of land, capitalization rates for real estate facilities, earnings multiples, projected levels of earnings, costs of construction, functional depreciation, and estimated market interest rates for debt securities with a similar time to maturity and credit quality, which are “Level 3” inputs as the term is defined in Codification Section 820-10-35-52. 

 Currency and Credit Risk 

 Financial assets that are exposed to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, loans receivable, and restricted cash. Cash equivalents and marketable securities we invest in are either money market funds with a rating of at least AAA by Standard and Poor’s, commercial paper that is rated A1 by Standard and Poor’s or deposits with highly rated commercial banks. 

 At December 31, 2012, due primarily to our investment in and loan receivable from Shurgard Europe, our operating results and financial position are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the Euro, and to a lesser extent, other European currencies, against the U.S. Dollar. 

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets are comprised of goodwill, acquired tenants in place, leasehold interests in land, and the “Shurgard” trade name. 

 Goodwill totaled $174.6 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011. Goodwill has an indeterminate life and is not amortized. 

 F-11 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Acquired tenants in place and leasehold interests in land are finite-lived and are amortized relative to the benefit of the tenants in place or the land lease expense to each period. At December 31, 2012, these intangibles have a net book value of $15.9 million ($16.4 million at December 31, 2011). Accumulated amortization totaled $24.8 million at December 31, 2012 ($24.1 million at December 31, 2011), and amortization expense of $10.5 million, $11.9 million and $13.3 million was recorded in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. During 2012 and 2011, intangibles were increased $9.1 million and $1.0 million, respectively, in connection with the acquisition of self-storage facilities and leasehold interests (Note 3), and $0.9 million and $4.0 million, respectively, in connection with the consolidation of facilities previously accounted for under the equity method (Note 4). During 2010, we recorded an impairment charge on intangibles totaling $0.2 million. 

 The “Shurgard” trade name, which is used by Shurgard Europe pursuant to a licensing agreement, has a book value of $18.8 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011. This asset has an indefinite life and, accordingly, is not amortized. 

 Evaluation of Asset Impairment 

 No impairment of goodwill or the Shurgard trade name was identified in our annual evaluation of goodwill by reporting unit at December 31, 2012. We evaluate our real estate and property related intangibles for impairment on a quarterly basis. If any indicators of impairment are noted, we estimate future undiscounted cash flows to be received from the use of the asset and, if such future undiscounted cash flows are less than carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess of carrying value over the assets’ estimated fair value. Long-lived assets which we expect to sell or otherwise dispose of prior to the end of their estimated useful lives are stated at the lower of their net realizable value (estimated fair value less cost to sell) or their carrying value. 

 Revenue and Expense Recognition 

 Rental income, which is generally earned pursuant to month-to-month leases for storage space, as well as late charges and administrative fees, are recognized as earned. Promotional discounts reduce rental income over the promotional period. Ancillary revenues and interest and other income are recognized when earned. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities represents our pro-rata share of the earnings of the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities. 

 We accrue for property tax expense based upon actual amounts billed and, in some circumstances, estimates and historical trends when bills or assessments have not been received from the taxing authorities or such bills and assessments are in dispute. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing and amount of expense recognition could be incorrect. Cost of operations, general and administrative expense, interest expense, as well as television, yellow page, and other advertising expenditures are expensed as incurred. 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Translation 

 The local currency (primarily the Euro) is the functional currency for our interests in foreign operations. The related amounts on our balance sheets are translated into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rates at the respective financial statement date, while amounts on our statements of income are translated at the average exchange rates during the respective period. The Euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.322 U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2012 (1.295 at December 31, 2011), and average exchange rates of 1.285, 1.392 and 1.326 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Cumulative translation adjustments, to the extent not included in cumulative net income, are included in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

 F-12 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Total comprehensive income for a period represents net income, adjusted for changes in other comprehensive income (loss) for the applicable period, as set forth on our statements of comprehensive income. The aggregate foreign currency exchange gains and losses reflected on our statements of comprehensive income are comprised primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and losses on our investment in, and loan receivable from, Shurgard Europe. 

 Discontinued Operations 

 Discontinued operations includes the operating results for those facilities or other businesses that were either disposed during the three years ended December 31, 2012 or for which we plan to dispose within the next year. In addition, discontinued operations include $12.1 million, $2.7 million and $7.8 million in gains on disposition of real estate facilities in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and a $1.9 million impairment charge on real estate and intangible assets incurred in 2010. 

 Net Income per Common Share 

 Net income is first allocated to each of our noncontrolling interests based upon their respective share of the net income of the Subsidiaries. 

 When our equity securities are called for redemption, additional income is allocated to the security to the extent the redemption cost is greater than the related original net issuance proceeds. These allocations are referred to hereinafter as “EITF D-42 allocations.” The remaining net income is allocated to each of our equity securities based upon the dividends declared or accumulated during the period, combined with participation rights in undistributed earnings. 

 Basic net income per share, basic net income from discontinued operations per share, and basic net income from continuing operations per share are computed using the weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share, diluted net income from discontinued operations per share, and diluted net income from continuing operations per share are computed using the weighted average common shares outstanding, adjusted for the impact, if dilutive, of stock options outstanding (Note 10). 

 The following table reflects the components of the calculations of our basic and diluted net income per share, basic and diluted net income from discontinued operations per share, and basic and diluted net income from continuing operations per share which are not already otherwise set forth on the face of our statements of income: 

 F-13 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Net income allocable to common shareholders from continuing operations and discontinued operations: 

 Net income allocable to common shareholders 

 $ 

 669,694 

 $ 

 561,747 

 $ 

 399,178 

 Eliminate: Discontinued operations allocable to common shareholders 

 (12,874 

 ) 

 (3,316 

 ) 

 (7,760 

 ) 

 Net income from continuing operations allocable to common shareholders 

 $ 

 656,820 

 $ 

 558,431 

 $ 

 391,418 

 Weighted average common shares and equivalents outstanding: 

 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

 170,562 

 169,657 

 168,877 

 Net effect of dilutive stock options - based on treasury stock method 

 1,102 

 1,093 

 895 

 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

 171,664 

 170,750 

 169,772 

 3. 

 Real Estate Facilities 

 Activity in real estate facilities during 2012, 2011 and 2010 is as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Operating facilities, at cost: 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 10,777,576 

 $ 

 10,594,275 

 $ 

 10,296,482 

 Capital improvements 

 67,737 

 69,777 

 77,500 

 Acquisitions 

 227,336 

 105,360 

 222,580 

 Dispositions 

 (13,792 

 ) 

 (10,528 

 ) 

 (16,665 

 ) 

 Impairment 

 - 

 (453 

 ) 

 (1,735 

 ) 

 Current development 

 10,168 

 19,164 

 16,759 

 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

 1,037 

 (19 

 ) 

 (646 

 ) 

 Ending balance 

 11,070,062 

 10,777,576 

 10,594,275 

 Accumulated depreciation: 

 Beginning balance 

 (3,398,379 

 ) 

 (3,061,459 

 ) 

 (2,734,449 

 ) 

 Depreciation expense 

 (345,459 

 ) 

 (342,758 

 ) 

 (336,856 

 ) 

 Dispositions 

 6,099 

 5,645 

 9,645 

 Impairment 

 - 

 156 

 - 

 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

 (391 

 ) 

 37 

 201 

 Ending balance 

 (3,738,130 

 ) 

 (3,398,379 

 ) 

 (3,061,459 

 ) 

 Total real estate facilities at December 31, 

 $ 

 7,331,932 

 $ 

 7,379,197 

 $ 

 7,532,816 

 During 2012, we acquired 24 operating self-storage facilities from third parties (1,908,000 net rentable square feet of storage space and additional space that we intend to convert to 220,000 net rentable square feet of storage space) for $226.0 million in cash, with $216.9 million allocated to real estate facilities and $9.1 million allocated to intangible assets. In addition, we consolidated a limited partnership that we had previously accounted for using the equity method (see Note 4). The three self-storage facilities (183,000 net rentable square feet) owned by this entity, having an aggregate fair market value of $10.4 million, have been added to our operating facilities. We also completed various expansion activities to our existing facilities for an aggregate cost of approximately $10.2 million. 

 F-14 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 During 2012, we also disposed of four operating self-storage facilities and portions of other facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings. We received aggregate proceeds totaling $20.0 million and recorded gains totaling of $12.3 million, of which $12.1 million was included in discontinued operations and $0.2 million was included in gain on real estate sales and debt retirement in our statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 During 2011, we acquired eleven operating self-storage facilities from third parties (896,000 net rentable square feet) and the leasehold interest in the land of one of our existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate cost of $91.6 million, consisting of $77.2 million of cash, assumed mortgage debt with a fair value of $9.7 million and the elimination of the $4.7 million book value of an intangible asset related to the acquired leasehold interest. The aggregate cost was allocated $85.9 million to real estate facilities and $5.7 million to intangible assets. In addition, we consolidated two limited partnerships that we had previously accounted for using the equity method (see Note 4). The two self-storage facilities (143,000 net rentable square feet) owned by these limited partnerships have an aggregate fair market value of $19.4 million and have been added to our operating facilities. We also completed various expansion activities to our existing facilities for an aggregate cost of approximately $21.8 million. 

 During 2011, we disposed of two operating self-storage facilities and portions of other facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings. We received aggregate proceeds totaling $13.4 million and recorded an aggregate gain of $8.5 million, of which $2.7 million was included in discontinued operations and $5.8 million was included in gain on real estate sales and debt retirement on our statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2011. Our facilities incurred hurricane damage in 2011, resulting in a $0.3 million impairment charge. 

 During 2010, we acquired 42 operating self-storage facilities from third parties (2,660,000 net rentable square feet) for $239.6 million consisting of assumed mortgage debt of $131.7 million and $107.9 million of cash. The aggregate cost was allocated $222.6 million to real estate facilities, $17.3 million to intangibles and $0.3 million to other liabilities. We also completed expansion projects to existing facilities for an aggregate cost of approximately $13.4 million. 

 During 2010, we disposed of four operating self-storage facilities and portions of other facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings. We received aggregate proceeds totaling $15.2 million and we recorded an aggregate gain of $8.2 million, of which $7.8 million was included in discontinued operations and $0.4 million was included in gain on real estate sales and debt retirement on our statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2010. In 2010, we also recorded asset impairment charges totaling $1.7 million related to real estate facilities. 

 At December 31, 2012, the adjusted basis of real estate facilities for federal tax purposes was approximately $7.4 billion (unaudited). 

 4. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities 

 The following table sets forth our investments in the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities at December 31, 2012 and 2011, and our equity in earnings of the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities for each of the three years ended December 31, 2012 (amounts in thousands): 

 F-15 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Investments in Unconsolidated 

 Real Estate Entities at December 31, 

 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate

Entities for the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 PSB 

 $ 

 316,078 

 $ 

 328,508 

 $ 

 10,638 

 $ 

 27,781 

 $ 

 20,719 

 Shurgard Europe 

 411,107 

 375,467 

 33,223 

 29,152 

 15,872 

 Other Investments 

 8,138 

 10,652 

 1,725 

 1,771 

 1,761 

 Total 

 $ 

 735,323 

 $ 

 714,627 

 $ 

 45,586 

 $ 

 58,704 

 $ 

 38,352 

 During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we received cash distributions from our investments in the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities totaling $44.7 million, $53.5 million and $49.9 million, respectively. 

 Investment in PSB 

 PSB is a REIT traded on the New York Stock Exchange. We have an approximate 41% common equity interest in PSB as of December 31, 2012 (42% at December 31, 2011), comprised of our ownership of 5,801,606 shares of PSB’s common stock and 7,305,355 limited partnership units in an operating partnership controlled by PSB. The limited partnership units are convertible at our option, subject to certain conditions, on a one-for-one basis into PSB common stock. Based upon the closing price at December 31, 2012 ($64.98 per share of PSB common stock), the shares and units we owned had a market value of approximately $851.7 million. 

 The following table sets forth selected financial information of PSB; the amounts represent all of PSB’s balances and not our pro-rata share. 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the year ended December 31 , 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 347,197 

 $ 

 298,141 

 $ 

 276,948 

 Costs of operations 

 (114,108 

 ) 

 (99,917 

 ) 

 (89,348 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (109,398 

 ) 

 (84,391 

 ) 

 (78,354 

 ) 

 General and administrative 

 (8,919 

 ) 

 (9,036 

 ) 

 (9,651 

 ) 

 Other items 

 (19,400 

 ) 

 (2,157 

 ) 

 2,427 

 Net income 

 95,372 

 102,640 

 102,022 

 Net income allocated to preferred unitholders, preferred shareholders and restricted stock unitholders (a) 

 (69,597 

 ) 

 (34,935 

 ) 

 (51,469 

 ) 

 Net income allocated to common shareholders and common unitholders 

 $ 

 25,775 

 $ 

 67,705 

 $ 

 50,553 

 As of December 31 , 

 Total assets (primarily real estate) 

 $ 

 2,151,817 

 $ 

 2,138,619 

 Debt 

 468,102 

 717,084 

 Other liabilities 

 69,454 

 60,940 

 Equity: 

 Preferred stock and units 

 885,000 

 604,129 

 Common equity and units 

 729,261 

 756,466 

 (a) 

 Includes EITF D-42 allocations to preferred equity holders of $17.3 million and $4.1 million during 2012 and 2010, respectively, and an allocation from preferred equity holders of $7.4 million during 2011, related to PSB’s redemption of preferred securities. 

 F-16 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Investment in Shurgard Europe 

 For all periods presented, we had a 49% equity investment in Shurgard Europe. On March 2, 2011, Shurgard Europe acquired the 80% interests it did not own in two joint ventures. These joint ventures owned 72 self-storage facilities located in Europe and operated by Shurgard Europe under the “Shurgard” name. We and our joint venture partner provided the funding for this acquisition (see Note 5). 

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates caused our investment in Shurgard Europe to increase approximately $21.6 million in 2012, decrease approximately $7.0 million in 2011 and increase approximately $0.8 million during 2010. 

 We classify 49% of interest income and trademark license fees received from Shurgard Europe as equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities and the remaining 51% as interest and other income, as set forth in the following table: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the year ended December 31 , 

 Our 49% equity share of: 

 Shurgard Europe’s net income (loss) 

 $ 

 14,040 

 $ 

 3,473 

 $ 

 (8,262 

 ) 

 Interest income and trademark license fee 

 19,183 

 25,679 

 24,134 

 Total equity in earnings of Shurgard Europe 

 $ 

 33,223 

 $ 

 29,152 

 $ 

 15,872 

 The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial information of Shurgard Europe. These amounts are based upon all of Shurgard Europe’s balances for all periods (including the consolidated operations of 72 self-storage facilities formerly owned by the two joint ventures), rather than our pro rata share, and are based upon our historical acquired book basis. 

 F-17 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the year ended December 31 , 

 Self-storage and ancillary revenues 

 $ 

 243,687 

 $ 

 259,618 

 $ 

 235,623 

 Self-storage and ancillary cost of operations 

 (96,341 

 ) 

 (107,056 

 ) 

 (98,690 

 ) 

 Trademark license fee payable to Public Storage 

 (2,439 

 ) 

 (2,481 

 ) 

 (1,670 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (60,404 

 ) 

 (61,244 

 ) 

 (64,064 

 ) 

 General and administrative 

 (13,327 

 ) 

 (12,458 

 ) 

 (8,725 

 ) 

 Interest expense on third party debt 

 (7,689 

 ) 

 (16,299 

 ) 

 (12,353 

 ) 

 Interest expense on debt due to Public Storage 

 (36,710 

 ) 

 (49,925 

 ) 

 (47,583 

 ) 

 Gain on disposition of real estate, real estate impairment charge and other 

 1,876 

 (234 

 ) 

 (715 

 ) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 28,653 

 $ 

 9,921 

 $ 

 1,823 

 Allocation to noncontrolling equity interests 

 - 

 (2,834 

 ) 

 (18,684 

 ) 

 Net income (loss) allocated to Shurgard Europe 

 $ 

 28,653 

 $ 

 7,087 

 $ 

 (16,861 

 ) 

 Average exchange rates Euro to the U.S. Dollar 

 1.285 

 1.392 

 1.326 

 As of December 31 , 

 Total assets (primarily self-storage facilities) 

 $ 

 1,427,037 

 $ 

 1,430,307 

 Total debt to third parties 

 216,594 

 280,065 

 Total debt to Public Storage 

 410,995 

 402,693 

 Other liabilities 

 70,076 

 85,917 

 Equity 

 729,372 

 661,632 

 Exchange rate of Euro to U.S. Dollar 

 1.322 

 1.295 

 Other Investments 

 At December 31, 2012, the “Other Investments” include an aggregate common equity ownership of approximately 26% in various limited partnerships that collectively own 14 self-storage facilities. 

 During 2012, we began to consolidate a limited partnership that we gained control of, and as a result, we recorded a gain of $1.3 million representing the difference between the aggregate fair value of our existing investment ($3.1 million) and the book value ($1.8 million). The fair value of our existing investment was allocated to real estate facilities ($10.4 million), intangible assets ($0.9 million) and permanent noncontrolling interests ($8.2 million). 

 During 2011, we began to consolidate two limited partnerships that we gained control of, and as a result, we recorded a gain of $3.1 million representing the difference between the aggregate fair values of the investments ($6.1 million) and the aggregate book values ($3.0 million). The fair value of our existing investment was allocated to cash ($0.4 million), real estate facilities ($19.4 million), intangible assets ($4.0 million) and permanent noncontrolling interests ($17.7 million). 

 The following table sets forth certain condensed combined financial information (representing all of these entities’ balances and not our pro-rata share) with respect to the Other Investments: 

 F-18 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 For the year ended December 31 , 

 Total revenue 

 $ 

 13,590 

 $ 

 13,143 

 $ 

 12,629 

 Cost of operations and other expenses 

 (4,300 

 ) 

 (4,989 

 ) 

 (4,853 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (2,140 

 ) 

 (2,252 

 ) 

 (2,197 

 ) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 7,150 

 $ 

 5,902 

 $ 

 5,579 

 As of December 31, 

 Total assets (primarily self-storage facilities) 

 $ 

 27,710 

 $ 

 29,510 

 Total accrued and other liabilities 

 1,291 

 1,396 

 Total Partners’ equity 

 26,419 

 28,114 

 5. 

 Loan Receivable from Unconsolidated Real Estate Entity 

 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, we had a Euro-denominated loan receivable from Shurgard Europe with a balance of €311.0 million at both periods ($411.0 million at December 31, 2012 and $402.7 million at December 31, 2011), which bears interest at a fixed rate of 9.0% per annum and matures February 15, 2015. We believe that the interest rate on the loan to Shurgard Europe approximates the market rate for loans with similar credit characteristics and tenor, and that the fair value of the loan approximates book value. In our evaluation, we considered that Shurgard Europe has sufficient operating cash flow, liquidity and collateral, and we have sufficient creditor rights such that credit risk is mitigated. 

 Because we expect repayment of this loan in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange rate gains or losses due to changes in exchange rates between the Euro and the U.S. Dollar are recognized in income, under “foreign currency gain (loss).” For 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recorded interest income with respect to this loan (representing 51% of the aggregate interest received; see Note 4) of approximately $18.7 million, $23.0 million and $24.3 million, respectively. We have received a total of €80.9 million in principal repayments on this loan since its inception on March 31, 2008. 

 On February 9, 2011, we loaned PSB $121.0 million. The loan had a six-month term and bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.85% (1.13% per annum for the term of the loan). For 2011, we recorded interest income of approximately $0.7 million related to the loan. The loan was repaid in 2011. 

 In March 2011, we provided bridge financing to Shurgard Europe totaling $237.9 million, bearing interest at a fixed rate of 7.0% per annum and denominated in U.S. Dollars, which it used to acquire its partner’s 80% interests in two joint ventures. In June 2011, our joint venture partner in Shurgard Europe effectively purchased 51% of the loan from us for $121.3 million and the entire loan balance was exchanged for an equity interest in Shurgard Europe. In addition to interest on the bridge financing, during 2011, we received $1.5 million in other income from our joint venture partner for our interim funding of its 51% pro rata share of Shurgard Europe’s cost to acquire the interests. 

 6. 

 Line of Credit and Notes Payable 

 We have a $300 million revolving line of credit (the “Credit Facility”) that expires on March 21, 2017. Amounts drawn on the Credit Facility bear annual interest at rates ranging from LIBOR plus 0.925% to LIBOR plus 1.850% depending on our credit ratings (LIBOR plus 0.950% at December 31, 2012). In addition, we are required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from 0.125% per annum to 0.400% per annum depending on our credit ratings (0.125% per annum at December 31, 2012). At December 31, 2012, outstanding borrowings under this Credit Facility totaled $133.0 million. We had no outstanding borrowings on our Credit Facility at February 22, 2013. We had undrawn standby letters of credit, which reduce our borrowing capacity, totaling $15.3 million at December 31, 2012 ($18.4 million at December 31, 2011). 

 F-19 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 The carrying amounts of our notes payable at December 31, 2012 and 2011 consist of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): 

 December 31, 2012 

 December 31, 2011 

 Carrying 

amount 

 Fair 

 Value 

 Carrying 

amount 

 Fair 

 Value 

 Unsecured Note Payable: 

 5.9% effective and stated note rate, interest only and payable semi-annually, matures in March 2013 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 187,141 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 188,859 

 Secured Notes Payable: 

 5.0% average effective rate, secured by 64 real estate facilities with a net book value of approximately $344.3 million at December 31, 2012 and stated note rates between 4.95% and 7.43%, maturing at varying dates between March 2013 and September 2028 (carrying amount includes $1,192 of unamortized premium at December 31, 2012 and $2,665 at December 31, 2011) 

 149,368 

 152,493 

 211,854 

 215,943 

 Total notes payable 

 $ 

 335,828 

 $ 

 339,634 

 $ 

 398,314 

 $ 

 404,802 

 Substantially all of our debt was assumed in connection with the acquisition of real estate. An initial premium or discount is established for any difference between the stated note balance and estimated fair value of the debt assumed. This initial premium or discount is amortized over the remaining term of the debt using the effective interest method. 

 During 2011 and 2010, we assumed mortgage debt in connection with the acquisition of real estate facilities. The debt was recorded at its estimated fair value of approximately $9.7 million and $131.7 million in 2011 and 2010, respectively, with assumed note balances of $8.8 million and $126.1 million, respectively, estimated market rates of approximately 2.9% and 3.4%, respectively, average contractual rates of 5.5% and 5.0%, respectively, and we recorded premiums of $0.9 million and $5.6 million, respectively. 

 During 2011 and 2010, we prepaid mortgage debt for cash totaling $26.0 million and $51.2 million, respectively, and recorded gains on prepayment of $1.8 million and $0.1 million, respectively, representing the difference between the cash paid and the book value of the notes prepaid. 

 The notes payable and Credit Facility have various customary restrictive covenants, all of which we were in compliance with at December 31, 2012. 

 At December 31, 2012, approximate principal maturities of our notes payable are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

 F-20 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Unsecured 

 Notes Payable 

 Secured Notes Payable 

 Total 

 2013 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 68,116 

 $ 

 254,576 

 2014 

 - 

 35,127 

 35,127 

 2015 

 - 

 30,009 

 30,009 

 2016 

 - 

 10,065 

 10,065 

 2017 

 - 

 1,003 

 1,003 

 Thereafter 

 - 

 5,048 

 5,048 

 $ 

 186,460 

 $ 

 149,368 

 $ 

 335,828 

 Weighted average effective rate 

 5.9 

 % 

 5.0 

 % 

 5.5 

 % 

 Cash paid for interest totaled $21.7 million, $27.6 million and $35.3 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Interest capitalized as real estate totaled $0.4 million in each of the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

 7. 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 Third party interests in the net assets of the Subsidiaries that can require us to redeem their interests, other than pursuant to a liquidation, are presented at estimated fair value as “Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests,” with changes in the fair value of these interests recorded against retained earnings. We estimate fair value by applying the liquidation provisions of the governing documents to our estimate of the fair value of the underlying net assets (principally real estate assets). All other noncontrolling interests are presented as a component of equity, “Equity of Permanent Noncontrolling Interests.” 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

 At December 31, 2011, the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests represented ownership interests in Subsidiaries that owned 14 self-storage facilities. During 2012, we acquired all the outstanding Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests for $19.9 million in cash, of which $11.9 million was recorded as a reduction to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and $8.0 million was recorded as a reduction to paid-in capital. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we allocated a total of $0.2 million, $0.9 million and $0.9 million, respectively, of income to these interests and paid distributions to these interests totaling $0.6 million, $1.6 million and $1.2 million, respectively. During 2010, we acquired Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests for $1.0 million in cash. 

 Permanent Noncontrolling Interests 

 At December 31, 2012, the Permanent Noncontrolling Interests have ownership interests in Subsidiaries that owned 15 self-storage facilities and 231,978 partnership units (the “Convertible Partnership Units”) in a subsidiary that are convertible on a one-for-one basis (subject to certain limitations) into common shares of the Company at the option of the unitholder. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we allocated a total of $3.5 million, $11.7 million and $16.8 million, respectively, in income to these interests; and we paid $5.3 million, $12.8 million and $17.5 million, respectively, in distributions to these interests. 

 As described more fully in Note 4, we increased Permanent Noncontrolling Interests during 2012 and 2011 by $8.2 million and $17.7 million, respectively, in connection with consolidating partnerships. 

 During 2012, we acquired Permanent Noncontrolling Interests for $1.4 million in cash, of which $0.1 million was recorded as a reduction to permanent noncontrolling interests and the remainder as a reduction to paid-in capital. 

 During 2011, we acquired Permanent Noncontrolling Interests for an aggregate of $175.5 million in cash and our common shares. Permanent Noncontrolling Interests were reduced by $26.2 million, with the excess cost over the underlying book value ($149.3 million) recorded as a reduction to paid-in capital. 

 F-21 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Preferred Partnership Interests 

 At December 31, 2012 and 2011, we had no preferred partnership interests outstanding. During 2010, we redeemed 4.0 million units of our 7.250% Series J preferred units ($100.0 million carrying value) for an aggregate of $100.4 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 

 During 2010, we allocated a total of $5.9 million in income to these interests based upon distributions paid and $0.4 million with respect to the application of EITF D-42. 

 8. 

 Shareholders’ Equity 

 Preferred Shares 

 At December 31, 2012 and 2011, we had the following series of Cumulative Preferred Shares (“Preferred Shares”) outstanding: 

 At December 31, 2012 

 At December 31, 2011 

 Series 

 Earliest Redemption Date 

 Dividend Rate 

 Shares Outstanding 

 Liquidation Preference 

 Shares Outstanding 

 Liquidation Preference 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Series W 

 10/6/08 

 6.500 

 % 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 5,300 

 $ 

 132,500 

 Series X 

 11/13/08 

 6.450 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 4,800 

 120,000 

 Series Y 

 1/2/09 

 6.850 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 350,900 

 8,772 

 Series Z 

 3/5/09 

 6.250 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 4,500 

 112,500 

 Series A 

 3/31/09 

 6.125 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 4,600 

 115,000 

 Series C 

 9/13/09 

 6.600 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 4,425 

 110,625 

 Series D 

 2/28/10 

 6.180 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 5,400 

 135,000 

 Series E 

 4/27/10 

 6.750 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 5,650 

 141,250 

 Series F 

 8/23/10 

 6.450 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 9,893 

 247,325 

 Series L 

 10/20/11 

 6.750 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 8,267 

 206,665 

 Series M 

 1/9/12 

 6.625 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 19,065 

 476,634 

 Series N 

 7/2/12 

 7.000 

 % 

 - 

 - 

 6,900 

 172,500 

 Series O 

 4/15/15 

 6.875 

 % 

 5,800 

 145,000 

 5,800 

 145,000 

 Series P 

 10/7/15 

 6.500 

 % 

 5,000 

 125,000 

 5,000 

 125,000 

 Series Q 

 4/14/16 

 6.500 

 % 

 15,000 

 375,000 

 15,000 

 375,000 

 Series R 

 7/26/16 

 6.350 

 % 

 19,500 

 487,500 

 19,500 

 487,500 

 Series S 

 1/12/17 

 5.900 

 % 

 18,400 

 460,000 

 - 

 - 

 Series T 

 3/13/17 

 5.750 

 % 

 18,500 

 462,500 

 - 

 - 

 Series U 

 6/15/17 

 5.625 

 % 

 11,500 

 287,500 

 - 

 - 

 Series V 

 9/20/17 

 5.375 

 % 

 19,800 

 495,000 

 - 

 - 

 Total Preferred Shares 

 113,500 

 $ 

 2,837,500 

 475,000 

 $ 

 3,111,271 

 The holders of our Preferred Shares have general preference rights with respect to liquidation, quarterly distributions and any accumulated unpaid distributions. Except under certain conditions and as noted below, holders of the Preferred Shares will not be entitled to vote on most matters. In the event of a cumulative arrearage equal to six quarterly dividends, holders of all outstanding series of preferred shares (voting as a single class without regard to series) will have the right to elect two additional members to serve on our Board of Trustees until the arrearage has been cured. At December 31, 2012, there were no dividends in arrears. 

 F-22 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Except under certain conditions relating to the Company’s qualification as a REIT, the Preferred Shares are not redeemable prior to the dates indicated on the table above. On or after the respective dates, each of the series of Cumulative Preferred Shares are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per depositary share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of the Cumulative Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the Company to redeem such shares. 

 Upon issuance of our Preferred Shares, we classify the liquidation value as preferred equity on our balance sheet with any issuance costs recorded as a reduction to paid-in capital. 

 During 2012, we issued an aggregate 68.2 million depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000 of a share of our Series S, Series T, Series U, and Series V Preferred Shares, at an issuance price of $25.00 per depositary share, for a total of $1.7 billion in gross proceeds, and we incurred an aggregate of $53.5 million in issuance costs. 

 In 2012, we redeemed our Series A, Series C, Series D, Series E, Series F, Series L, Series M, Series N, Series W, Series X, Series Y and Series Z Preferred Shares, at par. The aggregate redemption amount, before payment of accrued dividends, was $2.0 billion. 

 During 2011, we issued an aggregate 34.5 million depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000 of a share of our Series Q and Series R Preferred Shares, at an issuance price of $25.00 per depositary share, for a total of $862.5 million in gross proceeds, and we incurred an aggregate of $26.9 million in issuance costs. 

 In 2011, we redeemed our Series G, Series I and Series K Preferred Shares, at par. The aggregate redemption amount, before payment of accrued dividends, was $1.1 billion. 

 During 2010, we issued an aggregate 10.8 million depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000 of a share of our Series O and Series P Preferred Shares, at an issuance price of $25.00 per depositary share, for a total of $270.0 million in gross proceeds, and we incurred an aggregate of $8.9 million in issuance costs. 

 In 2010, we redeemed our Series B and Series V Preferred Shares, at par. The aggregate redemption amount, before payment of accrued dividends, was $263.8 million. Also in 2010, we repurchased 0.4 million shares of our 6.850% Preferred Shares Series Y for an aggregate of $9.2 million. 

 We recorded $61.7 million, $35.6 million and a $7.9 million in EITF D-42 allocations of income from our common shareholders to the holders of our Preferred Shares in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 Equity Shares, Series A 

 On April 15, 2010, we redeemed all of our outstanding Equity Shares, Series A at $24.50 per share for an aggregate redemption amount of $205.4 million. Prior to the redemption, we allocated income and paid distributions to the holders of the Equity Shares, Series A of $0.6125 per share per quarter based on 8.4 million weighted average depositary shares outstanding. We recorded a $25.7 million EITF D-42 allocation of income from our common shareholders to the holders of our Equity Shares, Series A in the year ended December 31, 2010 in connection with this redemption. 

 Equity Shares, Series AAA 

 On August 31, 2010, we retired all of outstanding Equity Shares, Series AAA (“Equity AAA Shares”) outstanding. At December 31, 2009, we had 4,289,544 Equity AAA Shares outstanding with a carrying value of $100,000,000. During the six months ended June 30, 2010, we paid quarterly distributions to the holder of the Equity AAA Shares of $0.5391 per share. For all periods presented, the Equity AAA Shares and related dividends are eliminated in consolidation as the shares were held by one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

 F-23 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Common Shares 

 During 2012, 2011 and 2010, activity with respect to the issuance or repurchase of our common shares was as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Employee stock-based compensation and exercise of stock options (Note 10) 

 437,081 

 $ 

 23,185 

 508,058 

 $ 

 26,416 

 847,280 

 $ 

 41,308 

 Issuance of common shares in connection with acquisition of Permanent Noncontrolling Interests (Note 7) 

 - 

 - 

 477,928 

 57,108 

 - 

 - 

 Issuance of common shares for cash 

 712,400 

 101,262 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1,149,481 

 $ 

 124,447 

 985,986 

 $ 

 83,524 

 847,280 

 $ 

 41,308 

 Our Board of Trustees previously authorized the repurchase from time to time of up to 35.0 million of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Through December 31, 2012, we repurchased approximately 23.7 million shares pursuant to this authorization; none of which were repurchased during the three years ended December 31, 2012. 

 In December 2012, we sold 712,400 of our common shares for aggregate proceeds of approximately $101.3 million in cash. 

 At December 31, 2012 and 2011, we had 2,896,157 and 3,292,565, respectively, of common shares reserved in connection with our share-based incentive plans (see Note 10), and 231,978 shares reserved for the conversion of Convertible Partnership Units. 

 Dividends 

 The unaudited characterization of dividends for Federal income tax purposes is made based upon earnings and profits of the Company, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code. Common share dividends including amounts paid to our restricted share unitholders totaled $753.9 million ($4.40 per share), $621.4 million ($3.65 per share) and $516.9 million ($3.05 per share), for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Equity Shares, Series A dividends totaled $5.1 million ($0.6125 per share) for the year ended December 31, 2010. Preferred share dividends totaled $205.2 million, $224.9 million and $232.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 For the tax year ended December 31, 2012, distributions for the common shares and all the various series of preferred shares were classified as follows: 

 F-24 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 2012 (unaudited) 

 1 st Quarter 

 2 nd Quarter 

 3 rd Quarter 

 4 th Quarter 

 Ordinary Income 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 Long-Term Capital Gain 

 0.00 

 % 

 0.00 

 % 

 0.00 

 % 

 0.00 

 % 

 Total 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 100.00 

 % 

 The ordinary income dividends distributed for the tax year ended December 31, 2012 do not constitute qualified dividend income. 

 9. 

 Related Party Transactions 

 The Hughes Family owns approximately 15.9% of our common shares outstanding at December 31, 2012. 

 The Hughes Family has ownership interests in, and operates, approximately 53 self-storage facilities in Canada (“PS Canada”) using the “Public Storage” brand name pursuant to a non-exclusive, royalty-free trademark license agreement with the Company. We currently do not own any interests in these facilities. We have a right of first refusal, subject to limitations, to acquire these 53 facilities if the Hughes Family or the underlying corporation agrees to sell them. We reinsure risks relating to loss of goods stored by tenants in these facilities. During each of the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, we received $0.6 million in reinsurance premiums attributed to these facilities. There is no assurance that these premiums will continue, as our rights to reinsure these risks may be qualified. 

 In 2011, we acquired interests from the Hughes Family in various partnerships for an aggregate cost of $68.1 million. All amounts paid were based upon independent property appraisals and the liquidation terms of the partnerships. Mr. Hughes, a former trustee of the Company, is indemnified by the Company for any litigation arising from these transactions. Mr. Hughes was also a co-general partner, along with us, in certain of these partnerships and has since withdrawn as general partner from each entity. 

 PS Canada holds approximately a 2.2% interest in Stor-RE, a consolidated entity that provides liability and casualty insurance for PS Canada, the Company, and certain affiliates of the Company for occurrences prior to April 1, 2004. 

 10. 

 Share-Based Compensation 

 Under various share-based compensation plans and under terms established by a committee of our Board of Trustees, the Company grants non-qualified options to purchase the Company’s common shares, as well as restricted share units (“RSUs”), to trustees, officers, service providers and key employees. 

 Stock options and RSUs are considered “granted” and “outstanding” as the terms are used herein, when i) the Company and the recipient reach a mutual understanding of the key terms of the award, ii) the award has been authorized in accordance with the Company’s share grant approval procedures, iii) the recipient begins to benefit from or be adversely affected by changes in the market price of our stock, and iv) it is probable that any performance and service conditions will be met. 

 We amortize the grant-date fair value of awards (net of anticipated forfeitures) as compensation expense over the service period. The service period generally begins on the grant date and ends on the earlier of the vesting date or the date when the recipient would not forfeit unvested grants upon termination. We have elected to use the straight-line attribution method with respect to awards that are earned solely based upon the passage of time and continued employment. Awards with performance conditions are amortized using the accelerated attribution method, with each vesting amortized separately over the individual vesting period. The employer portion of taxes is expensed as incurred. 

 F-25 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Stock Options 

 Stock option exercise prices are equal to the closing trading price of our common shares on the date they are legally granted. Stock options vest over a three to five-year period, and generally expire ten years after the grant date. Employees do not have an option to require the Company to settle their shares in cash. We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to estimate the fair value of our stock options. 

 Outstanding stock option grants are included on a one-for-one basis in our diluted weighted average shares, to the extent dilutive, after applying the treasury stock method (based upon the average common share price during the period) to assumed exercise proceeds and measured but unrecognized compensation. 

 The stock options outstanding at December 31, 2012 have an aggregate intrinsic value (the excess, if any, of each option’s market value over the exercise price) of approximately $153.2 million and remaining average contractual lives of approximately six years. Other than stock options granted in 2012, all stock options outstanding at December 31, 2012 have exercise prices of $123 or less. The aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable stock options at December 31, 2012 amounted to approximately $96.3 million. 

 Additional information with respect to stock options during 2012, 2011 and 2010 is as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Weighted Average 

 Weighted Average 

 Weighted Average 

 Number of 

 Exercise Price 

 Number of 

 Exercise Price 

 Number of 

 Exercise Price 

 Options 

 Per Share 

 Options 

 Per Share 

 Options 

 Per Share 

 Options outstanding January 1 

 2,591,066 

 $ 

 74.30 

 2,950,892 

 $ 

 69.43 

 3,695,668 

 $ 

 64.96 

 Granted 

 35,000 

 144.97 

 135,000 

 120.77 

 180,000 

 87.59 

 Exercised 

 (341,156 

 ) 

 68.26 

 (448,826 

 ) 

 58.86 

 (782,151 

 ) 

 52.81 

 Cancelled 

 (31,400 

 ) 

 55.54 

 (46,000 

 ) 

 48.95 

 (142,625 

 ) 

 67.65 

 Options outstanding December 31 

 2,253,510 

 $ 

 76.14 

 2,591,066 

 $ 

 74.30 

 2,950,892 

 $ 

 69.43 

 Options exercisable at December 31 

 1,401,883 

 $ 

 76.23 

 1,200,356 

 $ 

 76.94 

 1,063,283 

 $ 

 74.27 

 F-26 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Stock option expense for the year (in 000’s) 

 $ 

 3,036 

 $ 

 3,445 

 $ 

 3,164 

 Aggregate exercise date intrinsic value of options exercised during the year (in 000’s) 

 $ 

 23,948 

 $ 

 23,703 

 $ 

 34,171 

 Average assumptions used in valuing options with the Black-Scholes method: 

 Expected life of options in years, based upon historical experience 

 5 

 5 

 5 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 0.8 

 % 

 1.2 

 % 

 2.3 

 % 

 Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility 

 24.5 

 % 

 18.8 

 % 

 14.5 

 % 

 Expected dividend yield 

 3.1 

 % 

 3.3 

 % 

 3.9 

 % 

 Average estimated value of options granted during the year 

 $ 

 20.71 

 $ 

 13.01 

 $ 

 7.16 

 Restricted Share Units 

 RSUs generally vest ratably over a three to eight-year period from the grant date. The grantee receives additional compensation for each outstanding RSU, classified as dividends paid, equal to the per-share dividends received by common shareholders. We expense any dividends previously paid on forfeited RSUs. Upon vesting, the grantee receives common shares equal to the number of vested RSUs, less common shares withheld in exchange for tax deposits made by the Company to satisfy the grantee’s statutory tax liabilities arising from the vesting. 

 The fair value of our RSUs is determined based upon the applicable closing trading price of our common shares. 

 The fair value of our RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2012 was approximately $93.2 million. Remaining compensation expense related to RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2012 totals approximately $41.1 million (which is net of expected forfeitures) and is expected to be recognized as compensation expense over the next two years on average. The following tables set forth relevant information with respect to restricted shares (dollar amounts in thousands): 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Number Of Restricted 

 Share Units 

 Grant Date Aggregate Fair Value 

 Number Of Restricted Share Units 

 Grant Date Aggregate Fair Value 

 Number Of Restricted Share Units 

 Grant Date Aggregate Fair Value 

 Restricted share units outstanding January 1 

 701,499 

 $ 

 66,514 

 484,395 

 $ 

 39,896 

 548,354 

 $ 

 44,312 

 Granted 

 159,133 

 21,721 

 381,025 

 40,570 

 130,114 

 10,824 

 Vested 

 (151,775 

 ) 

 (14,507 

 ) 

 (92,039 

 ) 

 (7,655 

 ) 

 (103,797 

 ) 

 (7,973 

 ) 

 Forfeited 

 (66,210 

 ) 

 (6,255 

 ) 

 (71,882 

 ) 

 (6,297 

 ) 

 (90,276 

 ) 

 (7,267 

 ) 

 Restricted share units outstanding December 31 

 642,647 

 $ 

 67,473 

 701,499 

 $ 

 66,514 

 484,395 

 $ 

 39,896 

 F-27 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Amounts for the year (in 000’s, except number of shares): 

 Fair value of vested shares on vesting date 

 $ 

 20,783 

 $ 

 10,224 

 $ 

 8,799 

 Cash paid upon vesting in lieu of common shares issued 

 $ 

 7,657 

 $ 

 3,736 

 $ 

 3,121 

 Common shares issued upon vesting 

 95,925 

 59,232 

 65,129 

 Restricted share unit expense 

 $ 

 20,227 

 $ 

 19,736 

 $ 

 7,875 

 See also “net income per common share” in Note 2 for further discussion regarding the impact of RSUs and stock options on our net income per common share and income allocated to common shareholders. 

 11. 

 Segment Information 

 Our reportable segments reflect the significant components of our operations that are evaluated separately by our chief operating decision maker and have discrete financial information available. We organize our segments based primarily upon the nature of the underlying products and services, and whether the operation is located in the U.S. or outside the U.S. In making resource allocation decisions, our chief operating decision maker considers the net income from continuing operations of each reportable segment included in the tables below, excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization, gains or losses on disposition of real estate facilities, and real estate impairment charges. The amounts for each reportable segment included in the tables below are in conformity with GAAP and our significant accounting policies as denoted in Note 2. Ancillary revenues and expenses, interest income (other than from Loans Receivable from Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities), interest expense, general and administrative expense and gains and losses on the early repayment of debt are not allocable to any of our reportable segments. Our chief operating decision maker does not consider the book value of assets in making resource allocation decisions. 

 Following is the description of and basis for presentation for each of our segments. 

 Domestic Self-Storage Segment 

 The Domestic Self-Storage Segment includes the operations of the 2,065 self-storage facilities owned by the Company and the Subsidiaries, as well as our equity share of the Other Investments. For all periods presented, substantially all of our real estate facilities, goodwill and other intangible assets, other assets, and accrued and other liabilities are associated with the Domestic Self-Storage Segment. 

 European Self-Storage Segment 

 The European Self-Storage segment comprises our interest in Shurgard Europe, which has a separate management team reporting directly to our chief operating decision maker and our joint venture partner. The European Self-Storage segment includes our equity share of Shurgard Europe’s operations, the interest and other income received from Shurgard Europe, and foreign currency exchange gains and losses that are attributable to Shurgard Europe. Our balance sheet includes an investment in Shurgard Europe (Note 4) and a loan receivable from Shurgard Europe (Note 5). 

 Commercial Segment 

 The Commercial segment comprises our investment in PSB, a self-managed REIT with a separate management team that makes its financing, capital allocation and other significant decisions. The Commercial segment also includes our direct interest in certain commercial facilities, substantially all of which are managed by PSB. The Commercial segment presentation includes our equity earnings and interest income from PSB, as well as the revenues and expenses of our commercial facilities. At December 31, 2012, the assets of the Commercial segment are comprised principally of our investment in PSB (Note 4). 

 F-28 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 Presentation of Segment Information 

 The following tables reconcile the performance of each segment, in terms of segment income, to our net income (amounts in thousands): 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012 

 Domestic 

 Self-Storage 

 European 

 Self-Storage 

 Commercial 

 Other Items Not Allocated to Segments 

 Total 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Self-storage facilities 

 $ 

 1,703,090 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,703,090 

 Ancillary operations 

 - 

 - 

 14,071 

 109,568 

 123,639 

 1,703,090 

 - 

 14,071 

 109,568 

 1,826,729 

 Expenses: 

 Self-storage cost of operations 

 501,866 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 501,866 

 Ancillary cost of operations 

 - 

 - 

 4,908 

 33,355 

 38,263 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 354,971 

 - 

 2,810 

 - 

 357,781 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 56,837 

 56,837 

 856,837 

 - 

 7,718 

 90,192 

 954,747 

 Operating income 

 846,253 

 - 

 6,353 

 19,376 

 871,982 

 Interest and other income 

 - 

 19,966 

 - 

 2,108 

 22,074 

 Interest expense 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (19,813 

 ) 

 (19,813 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 1,725 

 33,223 

 10,638 

 - 

 45,586 

 Foreign currency exchange gain 

 - 

 8,876 

 - 

 - 

 8,876 

 Gain on real estate sales 

 1,456 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1,456 

 Income from continuing operations 

 849,434 

 62,065 

 16,991 

 1,671 

 930,161 

 Discontinued operations 

 12,874 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 12,874 

 Net income 

 $ 

 862,308 

 $ 

 62,065 

 $ 

 16,991 

 $ 

 1,671 

 $ 

 943,035 

 F-29 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 Domestic 

 Self-Storage 

 European 

 Self-Storage 

 Commercial 

 Other Items Not Allocated to Segments 

 Total 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Self-storage facilities 

 $ 

 1,603,524 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,603,524 

 Ancillary operations 

 - 

 - 

 14,592 

 99,497 

 114,089 

 1,603,524 

 - 

 14,592 

 99,497 

 1,717,613 

 Expenses: 

 Self-storage cost of operations 

 504,838 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 504,838 

 Ancillary cost of operations 

 - 

 - 

 5,505 

 31,891 

 37,396 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 355,315 

 - 

 2,654 

 - 

 357,969 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 52,410 

 52,410 

 Asset impairment charges 

 297 

 - 

 - 

 1,889 

 2,186 

 860,450 

 - 

 8,159 

 86,190 

 954,799 

 Operating income 

 743,074 

 - 

 6,433 

 13,307 

 762,814 

 Interest and other income 

 - 

 28,190 

 664 

 3,479 

 32,333 

 Interest expense 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (24,222 

 ) 

 (24,222 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 1,771 

 29,152 

 27,781 

 - 

 58,704 

 Foreign currency exchange loss 

 - 

 (7,287 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (7,287 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement, net 

 8,953 

 - 

 - 

 1,848 

 10,801 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 753,798 

 50,055 

 34,878 

 (5,588 

 ) 

 833,143 

 Discontinued operations 

 3,696 

 - 

 - 

 (380 

 ) 

 3,316 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 

 757,494 

 $ 

 50,055 

 $ 

 34,878 

 $ 

 (5,968 

 ) 

 $ 

 836,459 

 F-30 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Domestic 

 Self-Storage 

 European 

 Self-Storage 

 Commercial 

 Other Items Not Allocated to Segments 

 Total 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Self-storage facilities 

 $ 

 1,509,396 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,509,396 

 Ancillary operations 

 - 

 - 

 14,261 

 90,120 

 104,381 

 1,509,396 

 - 

 14,261 

 90,120 

 1,613,777 

 Expenses: 

 Self-storage cost of operations 

 494,715 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 494,715 

 Ancillary cost of operations 

 - 

 - 

 5,748 

 27,941 

 33,689 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 350,625 

 - 

 2,620 

 - 

 353,245 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 38,487 

 38,487 

 Asset impairment charges 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 994 

 994 

 845,340 

 - 

 8,368 

 67,422 

 921,130 

 Operating income 

 664,056 

 - 

 5,893 

 22,698 

 692,647 

 Interest and other income 

 - 

 25,121 

 - 

 3,896 

 29,017 

 Interest expense 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (30,225 

 ) 

 (30,225 

 ) 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 

 1,761 

 15,872 

 20,719 

 - 

 38,352 

 Foreign currency exchange loss 

 - 

 (42,264 

 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (42,264 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate sales and debt retirement, net 

 396 

 - 

 - 

 431 

 827 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 666,213 

 (1,271 

 ) 

 26,612 

 (3,200 

 ) 

 688,354 

 Discontinued operations 

 5,146 

 - 

 - 

 2,614 

 7,760 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 

 671,359 

 $ 

 (1,271 

 ) 

 $ 

 26,612 

 $ 

 (586 

 ) 

 $ 

 696,114 

 F-31 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 12. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Guidance 

 In May 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-04, which clarifies existing fair value measurements principals, and expands certain disclosure requirements. In September 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-08, “Testing Goodwill for Impairment” which allows the consideration of qualitative factors in evaluating impairment to reduce (in certain circumstances) the required complexity of supporting computations. We adopted both of these updates on January 1, 2012, which did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or disclosures. 

 In July 2012, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2012-02, “Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment,” (“ASU No. 2012-02”). The guidance gives companies the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the qualitative assessment supports that it is more likely than not the fair value of the asset exceeds its carrying amount, the company would not be required to perform a quantitative impairment test. If the qualitative assessment does not support the fair value of the asset, then a quantitative assessment is performed. ASU No. 2012-02 is effective for public entities for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012. The adoption of ASU No. 2012-02 will not have a material impact our results of operations or financial condition. 

 13. Commitments and Contingencies 

 Contingent Losses 

 We are a party to various legal proceedings and subject to various claims and complaints that have arisen in the normal course of business. We believe that the likelihood of these pending legal matters and other contingencies resulting in a material loss to the Company, either individually or in the aggregate, is remote. 

 Insurance and Loss Exposure 

 We have historically carried customary property, earthquake, general liability, medical insurance provided to our employees, and workers compensation coverage through internationally recognized insurance carriers, subject to customary levels of deductibles. The aggregate limits on these policies of approximately $75 million for property losses and $102 million for general liability losses are higher than estimates of maximum probable loss that could occur from individual catastrophic events determined in recent engineering and actuarial studies; however, in case of multiple catastrophic events, these limits could be exhausted. 

 Our tenant insurance program reinsures a program that provides insurance to certificate holders against claims for property losses due to specific named perils (earthquakes are not covered by these policies) to goods stored by tenants at our self-storage facilities for individual limits up to a maximum of $5,000. We have third-party insurance coverage for claims paid exceeding $5.0 million resulting from any one individual event, to a limit of $15.0 million. At December 31, 2012, there were approximately 700,000 certificate holders held by our self-storage tenants participating in this program, representing aggregate coverage of approximately $1.5 billion. We rely on a third-party insurance company to provide the insurance and are subject to licensing requirements and regulations in several states. 

 F-32 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 14. 

 Supplementary Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended 

 March 31, 

 June 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2012 

 2012 

 2012 

 2012 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Self-storage and ancillary revenues (a) 

 $ 

 436,408 

 $ 

 451,939 

 $ 

 472,931 

 $ 

 465,451 

 Self-storage and ancillary cost of operations (a) 

 $ 

 148,283 

 $ 

 139,030 

 $ 

 137,224 

 $ 

 115,592 

 Depreciation and amortization (a) 

 $ 

 86,824 

 $ 

 88,474 

 $ 

 89,897 

 $ 

 92,586 

 Income from continuing operations (a) 

 $ 

 206,489 

 $ 

 198,696 

 $ 

 252,884 

 $ 

 272,092 

 Net income 

 $ 

 206,722 

 $ 

 198,931 

 $ 

 264,819 

 $ 

 272,563 

 Per Common Share (Note 2): 

 Net income - Basic 

 $ 

 0.74 

 $ 

 0.78 

 $ 

 1.19 

 $ 

 1.23 

 Net income - Diluted 

 $ 

 0.73 

 $ 

 0.77 

 $ 

 1.18 

 $ 

 1.22 

 Three Months Ended 

 March 31, 

 June 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 2011 

 2011 

 2011 

 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Self-storage and ancillary revenues (a) 

 $ 

 411,399 

 $ 

 423,608 

 $ 

 445,563 

 $ 

 437,043 

 Self-storage and ancillary cost of operations (a) 

 $ 

 144,049 

 $ 

 139,121 

 $ 

 138,580 

 $ 

 120,484 

 Depreciation and amortization (a) 

 $ 

 88,390 

 $ 

 89,043 

 $ 

 90,821 

 $ 

 89,715 

 Income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 210,669 

 $ 

 210,695 

 $ 

 192,872 

 $ 

 218,907 

 Net income 

 $ 

 210,568 

 $ 

 210,941 

 $ 

 194,513 

 $ 

 220,437 

 Per Common Share (Note 2): 

 Net income - Basic 

 $ 

 0.87 

 $ 

 0.78 

 $ 

 0.69 

 $ 

 0.97 

 Net income - Diluted 

 $ 

 0.87 

 $ 

 0.77 

 $ 

 0.69 

 $ 

 0.96 

 (a) 

 Self-storage and ancillary revenues and cost of operations, as well as depreciation expense and income from continuing operations as presented in this table differ from those amounts as presented in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q due to the impact of discontinued operations as described in Note 2. 

 F-33 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012 

 15. Subsequent Events 

 On January 16, 2013, we issued 20.0 million depositary shares each representing 1/1,000 of our 5.20% Preferred Shares, Series W for gross proceeds of $500.0 million, and we incurred $16.0 million in issuance costs. As of January 16, 2013, we had repaid all amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility from the net proceeds of the issuance of the Series W Preferred Shares. 

 F-34 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 Self-storage Facilities - United States 

 01/01/81 

 Newport News / Jefferson Avenue 

 - 

 108 

 1,071 

 806 

 108 

 1,877 

 1,985 

 1,826 

 01/01/81 

 Virginia Beach / Diamond Springs 

 - 

 186 

 1,094 

 983 

 186 

 2,077 

 2,263 

 2,011 

 08/01/81 

 San Jose / Snell 

 - 

 312 

 1,815 

 516 

 312 

 2,331 

 2,643 

 2,273 

 10/01/81 

 Tampa / Lazy Lane 

 - 

 282 

 1,899 

 997 

 282 

 2,896 

 3,178 

 2,748 

 06/01/82 

 San Jose / Tully 

 - 

 645 

 1,579 

 11,226 

 2,972 

 10,478 

 13,450 

 6,098 

 06/01/82 

 San Carlos / Storage 

 - 

 780 

 1,387 

 868 

 780 

 2,255 

 3,035 

 2,175 

 06/01/82 

 Mountain View 

 - 

 1,180 

 1,182 

 2,543 

 1,046 

 3,859 

 4,905 

 2,161 

 06/01/82 

 Cupertino / Storage 

 - 

 572 

 1,270 

 589 

 572 

 1,859 

 2,431 

 1,778 

 10/01/82 

 Sorrento Valley 

 - 

 1,002 

 1,343 

 (696) 

 651 

 998 

 1,649 

 926 

 10/01/82 

 Northwood 

 - 

 1,034 

 1,522 

 6,823 

 1,034 

 8,345 

 9,379 

 2,602 

 12/01/82 

 Port/Halsey 

 - 

 357 

 1,150 

 39 

 357 

 1,189 

 1,546 

 968 

 12/01/82 

 Sacto/Folsom 

 - 

 396 

 329 

 1,107 

 396 

 1,436 

 1,832 

 1,195 

 01/01/83 

 Platte 

 - 

 409 

 953 

 1,132 

 409 

 2,085 

 2,494 

 1,759 

 01/01/83 

 Semoran 

 - 

 442 

 1,882 

 9,195 

 442 

 11,077 

 11,519 

 5,702 

 01/01/83 

 Raleigh/Yonkers 

 - 

 - 

 1,117 

 1,108 

 - 

 2,225 

 2,225 

 1,735 

 03/01/83 

 Blackwood 

 - 

 213 

 1,559 

 1,145 

 213 

 2,704 

 2,917 

 2,232 

 04/01/83 

 Vailsgate 

 - 

 103 

 990 

 1,526 

 103 

 2,516 

 2,619 

 2,113 

 05/01/83 

 Delta Drive 

 - 

 67 

 481 

 755 

 68 

 1,235 

 1,303 

 1,026 

 06/01/83 

 Ventura 

 - 

 658 

 1,734 

 1,008 

 658 

 2,742 

 3,400 

 2,248 

 09/01/83 

 Southington 

 - 

 124 

 1,233 

 838 

 123 

 2,072 

 2,195 

 1,686 

 09/01/83 

 Southhampton 

 - 

 331 

 1,738 

 1,770 

 331 

 3,508 

 3,839 

 2,848 

 09/01/83 

 Webster/Keystone 

 - 

 449 

 1,688 

 2,062 

 434 

 3,765 

 4,199 

 2,964 

 09/01/83 

 Dover 

 - 

 107 

 1,462 

 1,567 

 107 

 3,029 

 3,136 

 2,452 

 09/01/83 

 Newcastle 

 - 

 227 

 2,163 

 1,555 

 227 

 3,718 

 3,945 

 3,026 

 09/01/83 

 Newark 

 - 

 208 

 2,031 

 1,374 

 208 

 3,405 

 3,613 

 2,771 

 09/01/83 

 Langhorne 

 - 

 263 

 3,549 

 2,677 

 263 

 6,226 

 6,489 

 5,017 

 09/01/83 

 Hobart 

 - 

 215 

 1,491 

 2,373 

 215 

 3,864 

 4,079 

 2,818 

 09/01/83 

 Ft. Wayne/W. Coliseum 

 - 

 160 

 1,395 

 1,184 

 160 

 2,579 

 2,739 

 2,169 

 09/01/83 

 Ft. Wayne/Bluffton 

 - 

 88 

 675 

 634 

 88 

 1,309 

 1,397 

 1,112 

 10/01/83 

 Orlando J. Y. Parkway 

 - 

 383 

 1,512 

 1,230 

 383 

 2,742 

 3,125 

 2,280 

 11/01/83 

 Aurora 

 - 

 505 

 758 

 948 

 505 

 1,706 

 2,211 

 1,429 

 F-35 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 11/01/83 

 Campbell 

 - 

 1,379 

 1,849 

 224 

 1,379 

 2,073 

 3,452 

 1,780 

 11/01/83 

 Col Springs/Ed 

 - 

 471 

 1,640 

 1,150 

 470 

 2,791 

 3,261 

 2,219 

 11/01/83 

 Col Springs/Mv 

 - 

 320 

 1,036 

 1,017 

 320 

 2,053 

 2,373 

 1,688 

 11/01/83 

 Thorton 

 - 

 418 

 1,400 

 970 

 418 

 2,370 

 2,788 

 1,932 

 11/01/83 

 Oklahoma City 

 - 

 454 

 1,030 

 1,896 

 454 

 2,926 

 3,380 

 2,388 

 11/01/83 

 Tucson 

 - 

 343 

 778 

 1,614 

 343 

 2,392 

 2,735 

 1,816 

 11/01/83 

 Webster/Nasa 

 - 

 1,570 

 2,457 

 3,595 

 1,570 

 6,052 

 7,622 

 5,009 

 12/01/83 

 Charlotte 

 - 

 165 

 1,274 

 1,145 

 165 

 2,419 

 2,584 

 2,012 

 12/01/83 

 Greensboro/Market 

 - 

 214 

 1,653 

 2,135 

 214 

 3,788 

 4,002 

 3,118 

 12/01/83 

 Greensboro/Electra 

 - 

 112 

 869 

 905 

 112 

 1,774 

 1,886 

 1,474 

 12/01/83 

 Columbia 

 - 

 171 

 1,318 

 1,147 

 171 

 2,465 

 2,636 

 2,026 

 12/01/83 

 Richmond 

 - 

 176 

 1,360 

 1,294 

 176 

 2,654 

 2,830 

 2,282 

 12/01/83 

 Augusta 

 - 

 97 

 747 

 925 

 97 

 1,672 

 1,769 

 1,419 

 12/01/83 

 Tacoma 

 - 

 553 

 1,173 

 1,057 

 553 

 2,230 

 2,783 

 1,913 

 01/01/84 

 Fremont/Albrae 

 - 

 636 

 1,659 

 1,173 

 636 

 2,832 

 3,468 

 2,373 

 01/01/84 

 Belton 

 - 

 175 

 858 

 1,698 

 175 

 2,556 

 2,731 

 2,235 

 01/01/84 

 Gladstone 

 - 

 275 

 1,799 

 1,557 

 274 

 3,357 

 3,631 

 2,825 

 01/01/84 

 Hickman/112 

 - 

 257 

 1,848 

 330 

 158 

 2,277 

 2,435 

 834 

 01/01/84 

 Holmes 

 - 

 289 

 1,333 

 1,113 

 289 

 2,446 

 2,735 

 2,047 

 01/01/84 

 Independence 

 - 

 221 

 1,848 

 1,467 

 221 

 3,315 

 3,536 

 2,852 

 01/01/84 

 Merriam 

 - 

 255 

 1,469 

 1,387 

 255 

 2,856 

 3,111 

 2,404 

 01/01/84 

 Olathe 

 - 

 107 

 992 

 941 

 107 

 1,933 

 2,040 

 1,614 

 01/01/84 

 Shawnee 

 - 

 205 

 1,420 

 1,611 

 205 

 3,031 

 3,236 

 2,615 

 01/01/84 

 Topeka 

 - 

 75 

 1,049 

 1,006 

 75 

 2,055 

 2,130 

 1,731 

 03/01/84 

 Marrietta/Cobb 

 - 

 73 

 542 

 894 

 73 

 1,436 

 1,509 

 1,203 

 03/01/84 

 Manassas 

 - 

 320 

 1,556 

 1,164 

 320 

 2,720 

 3,040 

 2,245 

 03/01/84 

 Pico Rivera 

 - 

 743 

 807 

 729 

 743 

 1,536 

 2,279 

 1,296 

 04/01/84 

 Providence 

 - 

 92 

 1,087 

 1,089 

 92 

 2,176 

 2,268 

 1,807 

 04/01/84 

 Milwaukie/Oregon 

 - 

 289 

 584 

 845 

 289 

 1,429 

 1,718 

 1,177 

 05/01/84 

 Raleigh/Departure 

 - 

 302 

 2,484 

 2,083 

 302 

 4,567 

 4,869 

 3,863 

 05/01/84 

 Virginia Beach 

 - 

 509 

 2,121 

 2,193 

 499 

 4,324 

 4,823 

 3,642 

 05/01/84 

 Philadelphia/Grant 

 - 

 1,041 

 3,262 

 2,197 

 1,040 

 5,460 

 6,500 

 4,624 

 05/01/84 

 Garland 

 - 

 356 

 844 

 903 

 356 

 1,747 

 2,103 

 1,473 

 F-36 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/01/84 

 Lorton 

 - 

 435 

 2,040 

 1,999 

 435 

 4,039 

 4,474 

 3,174 

 06/01/84 

 Baltimore 

 - 

 382 

 1,793 

 1,919 

 382 

 3,712 

 4,094 

 3,129 

 06/01/84 

 Laurel 

 - 

 501 

 2,349 

 2,092 

 500 

 4,442 

 4,942 

 3,737 

 06/01/84 

 Delran 

 - 

 279 

 1,472 

 1,202 

 279 

 2,674 

 2,953 

 2,171 

 06/01/84 

 Orange Blossom 

 - 

 226 

 924 

 764 

 226 

 1,688 

 1,914 

 1,390 

 06/01/84 

 Cincinnati 

 - 

 402 

 1,573 

 1,927 

 402 

 3,500 

 3,902 

 2,868 

 06/01/84 

 Florence 

 - 

 185 

 740 

 1,319 

 185 

 2,059 

 2,244 

 1,613 

 07/01/84 

 Trevose/Old Lincoln 

 - 

 421 

 1,749 

 1,424 

 421 

 3,173 

 3,594 

 2,631 

 08/01/84 

 Medley 

 - 

 584 

 1,016 

 1,657 

 520 

 2,737 

 3,257 

 2,003 

 08/01/84 

 Oklahoma City 

 - 

 340 

 1,310 

 1,597 

 340 

 2,907 

 3,247 

 2,359 

 08/01/84 

 Newport News 

 - 

 356 

 2,395 

 2,081 

 356 

 4,476 

 4,832 

 3,668 

 08/01/84 

 Kaplan/Walnut Hill 

 - 

 971 

 2,359 

 2,380 

 971 

 4,739 

 5,710 

 3,919 

 08/01/84 

 Kaplan/Irving 

 - 

 677 

 1,592 

 5,604 

 673 

 7,200 

 7,873 

 4,511 

 09/01/84 

 Cockrell Hill 

 - 

 380 

 913 

 2,217 

 380 

 3,130 

 3,510 

 2,478 

 11/01/84 

 Omaha 

 - 

 109 

 806 

 1,162 

 109 

 1,968 

 2,077 

 1,547 

 11/01/84 

 Hialeah 

 - 

 886 

 1,784 

 1,524 

 886 

 3,308 

 4,194 

 2,678 

 12/01/84 

 Austin/Lamar 

 - 

 643 

 947 

 1,294 

 642 

 2,242 

 2,884 

 1,876 

 12/01/84 

 Pompano 

 - 

 399 

 1,386 

 2,053 

 399 

 3,439 

 3,838 

 2,738 

 12/01/84 

 Fort Worth 

 - 

 122 

 928 

 463 

 122 

 1,391 

 1,513 

 1,129 

 12/01/84 

 Montgomeryville 

 - 

 215 

 2,085 

 1,475 

 215 

 3,560 

 3,775 

 2,919 

 01/01/85 

 Cranston 

 - 

 175 

 722 

 791 

 175 

 1,513 

 1,688 

 1,257 

 01/01/85 

 Bossier City 

 - 

 184 

 1,542 

 1,618 

 184 

 3,160 

 3,344 

 2,611 

 02/01/85 

 Simi Valley 

 - 

 737 

 1,389 

 988 

 737 

 2,377 

 3,114 

 1,949 

 02/01/85 

 Hurst 

 - 

 231 

 1,220 

 903 

 231 

 2,123 

 2,354 

 1,747 

 03/01/85 

 Chattanooga 

 - 

 202 

 1,573 

 1,856 

 202 

 3,429 

 3,631 

 2,900 

 03/01/85 

 Portland 

 - 

 285 

 941 

 984 

 285 

 1,925 

 2,210 

 1,480 

 03/01/85 

 Fern Park 

 - 

 144 

 1,107 

 822 

 144 

 1,929 

 2,073 

 1,615 

 03/01/85 

 Fairfield 

 - 

 338 

 1,187 

 1,528 

 338 

 2,715 

 3,053 

 2,106 

 03/01/85 

 Houston / Westheimer 

 - 

 850 

 1,179 

 1,102 

 850 

 2,281 

 3,131 

 2,114 

 04/01/85 

 Austin/ S. First 

 - 

 778 

 1,282 

 1,331 

 778 

 2,613 

 3,391 

 2,106 

 04/01/85 

 Cincinnati/ E. Kemper 

 - 

 232 

 1,573 

 1,359 

 232 

 2,932 

 3,164 

 2,360 

 04/01/85 

 Cincinnati/ Colerain 

 - 

 253 

 1,717 

 1,876 

 253 

 3,593 

 3,846 

 2,928 

 04/01/85 

 Florence/ Tanner Lane 

 - 

 218 

 1,477 

 1,714 

 218 

 3,191 

 3,409 

 2,542 

 F-37 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 04/01/85 

 Laguna Hills 

 - 

 1,224 

 3,303 

 1,797 

 1,223 

 5,101 

 6,324 

 4,206 

 05/01/85 

 Tacoma/ Phillips Rd. 

 - 

 396 

 1,204 

 1,151 

 396 

 2,355 

 2,751 

 1,861 

 05/01/85 

 Milwaukie/ Mcloughlin 

 - 

 458 

 742 

 1,321 

 458 

 2,063 

 2,521 

 1,545 

 05/01/85 

 Manchester/ S. Willow 

 - 

 371 

 2,129 

 1,111 

 371 

 3,240 

 3,611 

 2,597 

 05/01/85 

 Longwood 

 - 

 355 

 1,645 

 1,346 

 355 

 2,991 

 3,346 

 2,459 

 05/01/85 

 Columbus/Busch Blvd. 

 - 

 202 

 1,559 

 1,639 

 202 

 3,198 

 3,400 

 2,564 

 05/01/85 

 Columbus/Kinnear Rd. 

 - 

 241 

 1,865 

 1,730 

 241 

 3,595 

 3,836 

 2,954 

 05/01/85 

 Worthington 

 - 

 221 

 1,824 

 1,604 

 221 

 3,428 

 3,649 

 2,761 

 05/01/85 

 Arlington 

 - 

 201 

 1,497 

 1,598 

 201 

 3,095 

 3,296 

 2,491 

 06/01/85 

 N. Hollywood/ Raymer 

 - 

 967 

 848 

 6,408 

 968 

 7,255 

 8,223 

 2,626 

 06/01/85 

 Grove City/ Marlane Drive 

 - 

 150 

 1,157 

 1,119 

 150 

 2,276 

 2,426 

 1,882 

 06/01/85 

 Reynoldsburg 

 - 

 204 

 1,568 

 1,646 

 204 

 3,214 

 3,418 

 2,659 

 07/01/85 

 San Diego/ Kearny Mesa Rd 

 - 

 783 

 1,750 

 1,541 

 783 

 3,291 

 4,074 

 2,675 

 07/01/85 

 Scottsdale/ 70th St 

 - 

 632 

 1,368 

 1,331 

 632 

 2,699 

 3,331 

 2,164 

 07/01/85 

 Concord/ Hwy 29 

 - 

 150 

 750 

 1,310 

 150 

 2,060 

 2,210 

 1,684 

 07/01/85 

 Columbus/Morse Rd. 

 - 

 195 

 1,510 

 1,424 

 195 

 2,934 

 3,129 

 2,333 

 07/01/85 

 Columbus/Kenney Rd. 

 - 

 199 

 1,531 

 1,470 

 199 

 3,001 

 3,200 

 2,497 

 07/01/85 

 Westerville 

 - 

 199 

 1,517 

 1,664 

 305 

 3,075 

 3,380 

 2,510 

 07/01/85 

 Springfield 

 - 

 90 

 699 

 1,006 

 90 

 1,705 

 1,795 

 1,348 

 07/01/85 

 Dayton/Needmore Road 

 - 

 144 

 1,108 

 1,206 

 144 

 2,314 

 2,458 

 1,812 

 07/01/85 

 Dayton/Executive Blvd. 

 - 

 160 

 1,207 

 1,453 

 159 

 2,661 

 2,820 

 2,116 

 07/01/85 

 Lilburn 

 - 

 331 

 969 

 819 

 330 

 1,789 

 2,119 

 1,458 

 09/01/85 

 Columbus/ Sinclair 

 - 

 307 

 893 

 1,191 

 307 

 2,084 

 2,391 

 1,651 

 09/01/85 

 Philadelphia/ Tacony St 

 - 

 118 

 1,782 

 1,424 

 118 

 3,206 

 3,324 

 2,563 

 10/01/85 

 N. Hollywood/ Whitsett 

 - 

 1,524 

 2,576 

 1,810 

 1,524 

 4,386 

 5,910 

 3,591 

 10/01/85 

 Portland/ SE 82nd St 

 - 

 354 

 496 

 819 

 354 

 1,315 

 1,669 

 1,079 

 10/01/85 

 Columbus/ Ambleside 

 - 

 124 

 1,526 

 1,029 

 124 

 2,555 

 2,679 

 2,068 

 10/01/85 

 Indianapolis/ Pike Place 

 - 

 229 

 1,531 

 1,537 

 229 

 3,068 

 3,297 

 2,700 

 10/01/85 

 Indianapolis/ Beach Grove 

 - 

 198 

 1,342 

 1,336 

 198 

 2,678 

 2,876 

 2,184 

 10/01/85 

 Hartford/ Roberts 

 - 

 219 

 1,481 

 6,958 

 409 

 8,249 

 8,658 

 3,821 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ S. Rock Rd. 

 - 

 501 

 1,478 

 1,318 

 642 

 2,655 

 3,297 

 2,083 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ E. Harry 

 - 

 313 

 1,050 

 879 

 285 

 1,957 

 2,242 

 1,533 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ S. Woodlawn 

 - 

 263 

 905 

 955 

 263 

 1,860 

 2,123 

 1,456 

 F-38 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ E. Kellogg 

 - 

 185 

 658 

 401 

 185 

 1,059 

 1,244 

 843 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ S. Tyler 

 - 

 294 

 1,004 

 818 

 294 

 1,822 

 2,116 

 1,424 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ W. Maple 

 - 

 234 

 805 

 477 

 234 

 1,282 

 1,516 

 1,024 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ Carey Lane 

 - 

 192 

 674 

 482 

 192 

 1,156 

 1,348 

 905 

 10/01/85 

 Wichita/ E. Macarthur 

 - 

 220 

 775 

 363 

 220 

 1,138 

 1,358 

 890 

 10/01/85 

 Joplin/ S. Range Line 

 - 

 264 

 904 

 758 

 264 

 1,662 

 1,926 

 1,288 

 10/01/85 

 San Antonio/ Wetmore Rd. 

 - 

 306 

 1,079 

 1,379 

 306 

 2,458 

 2,764 

 2,075 

 10/01/85 

 San Antonio/ Callaghan 

 - 

 288 

 1,016 

 1,153 

 288 

 2,169 

 2,457 

 1,840 

 10/01/85 

 San Antonio/ Zarzamora 

 - 

 364 

 1,281 

 1,548 

 364 

 2,829 

 3,193 

 2,368 

 10/01/85 

 San Antonio/ Hackberry 

 - 

 388 

 1,367 

 3,843 

 388 

 5,210 

 5,598 

 3,469 

 10/01/85 

 San Antonio/ Fredericksburg 

 - 

 287 

 1,009 

 1,538 

 287 

 2,547 

 2,834 

 2,214 

 10/01/85 

 Dallas/ S. Westmoreland 

 - 

 474 

 1,670 

 1,311 

 474 

 2,981 

 3,455 

 2,424 

 10/01/85 

 Dallas/ Alvin St. 

 - 

 359 

 1,266 

 1,197 

 359 

 2,463 

 2,822 

 2,019 

 10/01/85 

 Fort Worth/ W. Beach St. 

 - 

 356 

 1,252 

 905 

 356 

 2,157 

 2,513 

 1,876 

 10/01/85 

 Fort Worth/ E. Seminary 

 - 

 382 

 1,346 

 948 

 382 

 2,294 

 2,676 

 1,988 

 10/01/85 

 Fort Worth/ Cockrell St. 

 - 

 323 

 1,136 

 844 

 323 

 1,980 

 2,303 

 1,698 

 11/01/85 

 Everett/ Evergreen 

 - 

 706 

 2,294 

 1,801 

 705 

 4,096 

 4,801 

 3,581 

 11/01/85 

 Seattle/ Empire Way 

 - 

 1,652 

 5,348 

 2,967 

 1,651 

 8,316 

 9,967 

 6,984 

 12/01/85 

 Milpitas 

 - 

 1,623 

 1,577 

 1,416 

 1,623 

 2,993 

 4,616 

 2,444 

 12/01/85 

 Pleasanton/ Santa Rita 

 - 

 1,226 

 2,078 

 1,732 

 1,225 

 3,811 

 5,036 

 3,113 

 12/01/85 

 Amherst/ Niagra Falls 

 - 

 132 

 701 

 901 

 132 

 1,602 

 1,734 

 1,358 

 12/01/85 

 West Sams Blvd. 

 - 

 164 

 1,159 

 204 

 164 

 1,363 

 1,527 

 1,144 

 12/01/85 

 MacArthur Rd. 

 - 

 204 

 1,628 

 953 

 204 

 2,581 

 2,785 

 2,246 

 12/01/85 

 Brockton/ Main 

 - 

 153 

 2,020 

 725 

 153 

 2,745 

 2,898 

 2,323 

 12/01/85 

 Eatontown/ Hwy 35 

 - 

 308 

 4,067 

 2,991 

 308 

 7,058 

 7,366 

 6,119 

 12/01/85 

 Denver/ Leetsdale 

 - 

 603 

 847 

 812 

 603 

 1,659 

 2,262 

 1,421 

 01/01/86 

 Mapleshade/ Rudderow 

 - 

 362 

 1,811 

 1,579 

 362 

 3,390 

 3,752 

 2,931 

 01/01/86 

 Bordentown/ Groveville 

 - 

 196 

 981 

 818 

 196 

 1,799 

 1,995 

 1,519 

 01/01/86 

 Sun Valley/ Sheldon 

 - 

 544 

 1,836 

 1,306 

 544 

 3,142 

 3,686 

 2,701 

 02/01/86 

 Costa Mesa/ Pomona 

 - 

 1,405 

 1,520 

 1,450 

 1,404 

 2,971 

 4,375 

 2,530 

 02/01/86 

 Brea/ Imperial Hwy 

 - 

 1,069 

 2,165 

 1,596 

 1,069 

 3,761 

 4,830 

 3,212 

 02/01/86 

 Skokie/ McCormick 

 - 

 638 

 1,912 

 1,403 

 638 

 3,315 

 3,953 

 2,869 

 02/01/86 

 Colorado Springs/ Sinton 

 - 

 535 

 1,115 

 1,374 

 535 

 2,489 

 3,024 

 2,221 

 F-39 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 02/01/86 

 Oklahoma City/ Penn 

 - 

 146 

 829 

 712 

 146 

 1,541 

 1,687 

 1,321 

 02/01/86 

 Oklahoma City/ 39th 

 - 

 238 

 812 

 967 

 238 

 1,779 

 2,017 

 1,535 

 03/01/86 

 Jacksonville/ Wiley 

 - 

 140 

 510 

 720 

 140 

 1,230 

 1,370 

 1,036 

 03/01/86 

 St. Louis/ Forder 

 - 

 517 

 1,133 

 1,105 

 516 

 2,239 

 2,755 

 1,881 

 03/03/86 

 Tampa / 56th 

 - 

 450 

 1,360 

 789 

 450 

 2,149 

 2,599 

 1,966 

 04/01/86 

 Reno/ Telegraph 

 - 

 649 

 1,051 

 1,738 

 649 

 2,789 

 3,438 

 2,401 

 04/01/86 

 St. Louis/Kirkham 

 - 

 199 

 1,001 

 851 

 199 

 1,852 

 2,051 

 1,659 

 04/01/86 

 St. Louis/Reavis 

 - 

 192 

 958 

 694 

 192 

 1,652 

 1,844 

 1,452 

 04/01/86 

 Fort Worth/East Loop 

 - 

 196 

 804 

 826 

 196 

 1,630 

 1,826 

 1,370 

 05/01/86 

 Westlake Village 

 - 

 1,205 

 995 

 5,817 

 1,256 

 6,761 

 8,017 

 2,880 

 05/01/86 

 Sacramento/Franklin Blvd. 

 - 

 872 

 978 

 4,130 

 1,139 

 4,841 

 5,980 

 4,623 

 06/01/86 

 Richland Hills 

 - 

 543 

 857 

 999 

 543 

 1,856 

 2,399 

 1,600 

 06/01/86 

 West Valley/So. 3600 

 - 

 208 

 1,552 

 1,176 

 208 

 2,728 

 2,936 

 2,398 

 07/01/86 

 Colorado Springs/ Hollow Tree 

 - 

 574 

 726 

 939 

 574 

 1,665 

 2,239 

 1,457 

 07/01/86 

 West LA/Purdue Ave. 

 - 

 2,415 

 3,585 

 1,657 

 2,416 

 5,241 

 7,657 

 4,655 

 07/01/86 

 Capital Heights/Central Ave. 

 - 

 649 

 3,851 

 7,695 

 649 

 11,546 

 12,195 

 6,108 

 07/01/86 

 Pontiac/Dixie Hwy. 

 - 

 259 

 2,091 

 1,187 

 259 

 3,278 

 3,537 

 2,833 

 08/01/86 

 Laurel/Ft. Meade Rd. 

 - 

 475 

 1,475 

 1,235 

 475 

 2,710 

 3,185 

 2,350 

 08/01/86 

 Hammond / Calumet 

 - 

 97 

 751 

 1,291 

 97 

 2,042 

 2,139 

 1,808 

 09/01/86 

 Kansas City/S. 44th. 

 - 

 509 

 1,906 

 1,932 

 508 

 3,839 

 4,347 

 3,357 

 09/01/86 

 Lakewood / Wadsworth - 6th 

 - 

 1,070 

 3,155 

 1,965 

 1,070 

 5,120 

 6,190 

 4,695 

 10/01/86 

 Peralta/Fremont 

 - 

 851 

 1,074 

 795 

 851 

 1,869 

 2,720 

 1,652 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Highland 

 - 

 89 

 786 

 788 

 149 

 1,514 

 1,663 

 1,308 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Riverchase 

 - 

 262 

 1,338 

 1,321 

 278 

 2,643 

 2,921 

 2,301 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Eastwood 

 - 

 166 

 1,184 

 1,260 

 232 

 2,378 

 2,610 

 2,072 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Forestdale 

 - 

 152 

 948 

 962 

 190 

 1,872 

 2,062 

 1,621 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Centerpoint 

 - 

 265 

 1,305 

 1,169 

 273 

 2,466 

 2,739 

 2,131 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Roebuck Plaza 

 - 

 101 

 399 

 947 

 340 

 1,107 

 1,447 

 918 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Greensprings 

 - 

 347 

 1,173 

 859 

 16 

 2,363 

 2,379 

 2,004 

 10/01/86 

 Birmingham/Hoover-Lorna 

 - 

 372 

 1,128 

 995 

 266 

 2,229 

 2,495 

 1,930 

 10/01/86 

 Midfield/Bessemer 

 - 

 170 

 355 

 708 

 95 

 1,138 

 1,233 

 965 

 10/01/86 

 Huntsville/Leeman Ferry Rd. 

 - 

 158 

 992 

 1,089 

 198 

 2,041 

 2,239 

 1,806 

 10/01/86 

 Huntsville/Drake 

 - 

 253 

 1,172 

 1,078 

 248 

 2,255 

 2,503 

 1,935 

 F-40 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/86 

 Anniston/Whiteside 

 - 

 59 

 566 

 584 

 107 

 1,102 

 1,209 

 970 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Glenvista 

 - 

 595 

 1,043 

 1,677 

 594 

 2,721 

 3,315 

 2,384 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/I-45 

 - 

 704 

 1,146 

 2,366 

 703 

 3,513 

 4,216 

 3,026 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Rogerdale 

 - 

 1,631 

 2,792 

 2,603 

 1,631 

 5,395 

 7,026 

 4,676 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Gessner 

 - 

 1,032 

 1,693 

 2,314 

 1,032 

 4,007 

 5,039 

 3,488 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Richmond-Fairdale 

 - 

 1,502 

 2,506 

 3,008 

 1,501 

 5,515 

 7,016 

 4,876 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Gulfton 

 - 

 1,732 

 3,036 

 2,958 

 1,732 

 5,994 

 7,726 

 5,293 

 10/01/86 

 Houston/Westpark 

 - 

 503 

 854 

 1,057 

 502 

 1,912 

 2,414 

 1,654 

 10/01/86 

 Jonesboro 

 - 

 157 

 718 

 776 

 156 

 1,495 

 1,651 

 1,297 

 10/01/86 

 Houston / South Loop West 

 - 

 1,299 

 3,491 

 3,359 

 1,298 

 6,851 

 8,149 

 6,095 

 10/01/86 

 Houston / Plainfield Road 

 - 

 904 

 2,319 

 2,691 

 903 

 5,011 

 5,914 

 4,413 

 10/01/86 

 Houston / North Freeway 

 - 

 - 

 2,706 

 1,596 

 - 

 4,302 

 4,302 

 3,253 

 10/01/86 

 Houston / Old Katy Road 

 - 

 1,365 

 3,431 

 2,560 

 1,163 

 6,193 

 7,356 

 4,392 

 10/01/86 

 Houston / Long Point 

 - 

 451 

 1,187 

 1,587 

 451 

 2,774 

 3,225 

 2,438 

 10/01/86 

 Austin / Research Blvd. 

 - 

 1,390 

 1,710 

 1,622 

 1,390 

 3,332 

 4,722 

 2,965 

 11/01/86 

 Arleta / Osborne Street 

 - 

 987 

 663 

 779 

 986 

 1,443 

 2,429 

 1,224 

 12/01/86 

 Lynnwood / 196th Street 

 - 

 1,063 

 1,602 

 8,117 

 1,405 

 9,377 

 10,782 

 5,383 

 12/01/86 

 N. Auburn / Auburn Way N. 

 - 

 606 

 1,144 

 1,096 

 606 

 2,240 

 2,846 

 2,020 

 12/01/86 

 Gresham / Burnside & 202nd 

 - 

 351 

 1,056 

 1,103 

 351 

 2,159 

 2,510 

 1,958 

 12/01/86 

 Denver / Sheridan Boulevard 

 - 

 1,033 

 2,792 

 2,648 

 1,033 

 5,440 

 6,473 

 4,928 

 12/01/86 

 Marietta / Cobb Parkway 

 - 

 536 

 2,764 

 2,280 

 535 

 5,045 

 5,580 

 4,550 

 12/01/86 

 Hillsboro / T.V. Highway 

 - 

 461 

 574 

 1,292 

 981 

 1,346 

 2,327 

 1,224 

 12/01/86 

 San Antonio / West Sunset Road 

 - 

 1,206 

 1,594 

 1,564 

 1,207 

 3,157 

 4,364 

 2,791 

 12/31/86 

 Monrovia / Myrtle Avenue 

 - 

 1,149 

 2,446 

 273 

 1,149 

 2,719 

 3,868 

 2,500 

 12/31/86 

 Chatsworth / Topanga 

 - 

 1,447 

 1,243 

 3,867 

 1,448 

 5,109 

 6,557 

 2,739 

 12/31/86 

 Houston / Larkwood 

 - 

 247 

 602 

 683 

 246 

 1,286 

 1,532 

 1,066 

 12/31/86 

 Northridge 

 - 

 3,624 

 1,922 

 7,335 

 3,642 

 9,239 

 12,881 

 4,282 

 12/31/86 

 Santa Clara / Duane 

 - 

 1,950 

 1,004 

 759 

 1,950 

 1,763 

 3,713 

 1,426 

 12/31/86 

 Oyster Point 

 - 

 1,569 

 1,490 

 675 

 1,569 

 2,165 

 3,734 

 1,922 

 12/31/86 

 Walnut 

 - 

 767 

 613 

 5,621 

 769 

 6,232 

 7,001 

 3,116 

 03/01/87 

 Annandale / Ravensworth 

 - 

 679 

 1,621 

 1,038 

 679 

 2,659 

 3,338 

 2,396 

 04/01/87 

 City Of Industry / Amar 

 - 

 748 

 2,052 

 1,487 

 748 

 3,539 

 4,287 

 2,543 

 05/01/87 

 Oklahoma City / W. Hefner 

 - 

 459 

 941 

 977 

 459 

 1,918 

 2,377 

 1,740 

 F-41 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 07/01/87 

 Oakbrook Terrace 

 - 

 912 

 2,688 

 2,250 

 1,580 

 4,270 

 5,850 

 4,007 

 08/01/87 

 San Antonio/Austin Hwy. 

 - 

 400 

 850 

 322 

 400 

 1,172 

 1,572 

 1,122 

 10/01/87 

 Plantation/S. State Rd. 

 - 

 924 

 1,801 

 259 

 924 

 2,060 

 2,984 

 1,993 

 10/01/87 

 Rockville/Fredrick Rd. 

 - 

 1,695 

 3,305 

 9,906 

 1,702 

 13,204 

 14,906 

 6,426 

 02/01/88 

 Anaheim/Lakeview 

 - 

 995 

 1,505 

 385 

 995 

 1,890 

 2,885 

 1,849 

 06/07/88 

 Mesquite / Sorrento Drive 

 - 

 928 

 1,011 

 7,091 

 1,045 

 7,985 

 9,030 

 3,851 

 07/01/88 

 Fort Wayne 

 - 

 101 

 1,524 

 950 

 101 

 2,474 

 2,575 

 2,029 

 01/01/92 

 Costa Mesa 

 - 

 533 

 980 

 860 

 535 

 1,838 

 2,373 

 1,740 

 03/01/92 

 Dallas / Walnut St. 

 - 

 537 

 1,008 

 498 

 537 

 1,506 

 2,043 

 1,472 

 05/01/92 

 Camp Creek 

 - 

 576 

 1,075 

 723 

 575 

 1,799 

 2,374 

 1,468 

 09/01/92 

 Orlando/W. Colonial 

 - 

 368 

 713 

 408 

 367 

 1,122 

 1,489 

 960 

 09/01/92 

 Jacksonville/Arlington 

 - 

 554 

 1,065 

 488 

 554 

 1,553 

 2,107 

 1,287 

 10/01/92 

 Stockton/Mariners 

 - 

 381 

 730 

 282 

 380 

 1,013 

 1,393 

 864 

 11/18/92 

 Virginia Beach/General Booth Blvd 

 - 

 599 

 1,119 

 791 

 599 

 1,910 

 2,509 

 1,510 

 01/01/93 

 Redwood City/Storage 

 - 

 907 

 1,684 

 374 

 907 

 2,058 

 2,965 

 1,638 

 01/01/93 

 City Of Industry 

 - 

 1,611 

 2,991 

 1,117 

 1,610 

 4,109 

 5,719 

 3,349 

 01/01/93 

 San Jose/Felipe 

 - 

 1,124 

 2,088 

 1,363 

 1,124 

 3,451 

 4,575 

 2,865 

 01/01/93 

 Baldwin Park/Garvey Ave 

 - 

 840 

 1,561 

 1,123 

 771 

 2,753 

 3,524 

 2,129 

 03/19/93 

 Westminister / W. 80th 

 - 

 840 

 1,586 

 537 

 840 

 2,123 

 2,963 

 1,755 

 04/26/93 

 Costa Mesa / Newport 

 728 

 2,141 

 3,989 

 5,738 

 3,732 

 8,136 

 11,868 

 5,135 

 05/13/93 

 Austin /N. Lamar 

 - 

 919 

 1,695 

 8,798 

 1,421 

 9,991 

 11,412 

 5,432 

 05/28/93 

 Tampa/Nebraska Avenue 

 - 

 550 

 1,043 

 556 

 550 

 1,599 

 2,149 

 1,359 

 06/09/93 

 Calabasas / Ventura Blvd. 

 - 

 1,762 

 3,269 

 384 

 1,761 

 3,654 

 5,415 

 2,966 

 06/09/93 

 Carmichael / Fair Oaks 

 - 

 573 

 1,052 

 386 

 573 

 1,438 

 2,011 

 1,189 

 06/09/93 

 Santa Clara / Duane 

 - 

 454 

 834 

 279 

 453 

 1,114 

 1,567 

 903 

 06/10/93 

 Citrus Heights / Sylvan Road 

 - 

 438 

 822 

 449 

 437 

 1,272 

 1,709 

 1,024 

 06/25/93 

 Trenton / Allen Road 

 - 

 623 

 1,166 

 646 

 623 

 1,812 

 2,435 

 1,388 

 06/30/93 

 Los Angeles/W.Jefferson Blvd 

 - 

 1,085 

 2,017 

 338 

 1,085 

 2,355 

 3,440 

 1,877 

 07/16/93 

 Austin / So. Congress Ave 

 - 

 777 

 1,445 

 519 

 777 

 1,964 

 2,741 

 1,597 

 08/01/93 

 Gaithersburg / E. Diamond 

 - 

 602 

 1,139 

 315 

 602 

 1,454 

 2,056 

 1,145 

 08/11/93 

 Atlanta / Northside 

 - 

 1,150 

 2,149 

 644 

 1,150 

 2,793 

 3,943 

 2,237 

 08/11/93 

 Smyrna/ Rosswill Rd 

 - 

 446 

 842 

 368 

 446 

 1,210 

 1,656 

 976 

 08/13/93 

 So. Brunswick/Highway 

 - 

 1,076 

 2,033 

 693 

 1,076 

 2,726 

 3,802 

 2,149 

 F-42 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/93 

 Denver / Federal Blvd 

 - 

 875 

 1,633 

 440 

 875 

 2,073 

 2,948 

 1,639 

 10/01/93 

 Citrus Heights 

 - 

 527 

 987 

 333 

 527 

 1,320 

 1,847 

 1,068 

 10/01/93 

 Lakewood / 6th Ave 

 - 

 798 

 1,489 

 166 

 685 

 1,768 

 2,453 

 1,404 

 10/27/93 

 Houston / S Shaver St 

 - 

 481 

 896 

 413 

 481 

 1,309 

 1,790 

 981 

 11/03/93 

 Upland/S. Euclid Ave. 

 - 

 431 

 807 

 674 

 508 

 1,404 

 1,912 

 1,123 

 11/16/93 

 Norcross / Jimmy Carter 

 - 

 627 

 1,167 

 327 

 626 

 1,495 

 2,121 

 1,188 

 11/16/93 

 Seattle / 13th 

 - 

 1,085 

 2,015 

 910 

 1,085 

 2,925 

 4,010 

 2,322 

 12/09/93 

 Salt Lake City 

 - 

 765 

 1,422 

 102 

 633 

 1,656 

 2,289 

 972 

 12/16/93 

 West Valley City 

 - 

 683 

 1,276 

 502 

 682 

 1,779 

 2,461 

 1,397 

 12/21/93 

 Pinellas Park / 34th St. W 

 - 

 607 

 1,134 

 372 

 607 

 1,506 

 2,113 

 1,213 

 12/28/93 

 New Orleans / S. Carrollton Ave 

 - 

 1,575 

 2,941 

 714 

 1,575 

 3,655 

 5,230 

 3,018 

 12/29/93 

 Orange / Main 

 - 

 1,238 

 2,317 

 1,793 

 1,593 

 3,755 

 5,348 

 2,978 

 12/29/93 

 Sunnyvale / Wedell 

 - 

 554 

 1,037 

 830 

 725 

 1,696 

 2,421 

 1,334 

 12/29/93 

 El Cajon / Magnolia 

 - 

 421 

 791 

 874 

 541 

 1,545 

 2,086 

 1,142 

 12/29/93 

 Orlando / S. Semoran Blvd. 

 - 

 462 

 872 

 849 

 601 

 1,582 

 2,183 

 1,291 

 12/29/93 

 Tampa / W. Hillsborough Ave 

 - 

 352 

 665 

 645 

 436 

 1,226 

 1,662 

 975 

 12/29/93 

 Irving / West Loop 12 

 - 

 341 

 643 

 335 

 354 

 965 

 1,319 

 768 

 12/29/93 

 Fullerton / W. Commonwealth 

 - 

 904 

 1,687 

 1,531 

 1,159 

 2,963 

 4,122 

 2,249 

 12/29/93 

 N. Lauderdale / Mcnab Rd 

 - 

 628 

 1,182 

 885 

 798 

 1,897 

 2,695 

 1,462 

 12/29/93 

 Los Alimitos / Cerritos 

 - 

 695 

 1,299 

 880 

 874 

 2,000 

 2,874 

 1,479 

 12/29/93 

 Frederick / Prospect Blvd. 

 - 

 573 

 1,082 

 711 

 692 

 1,674 

 2,366 

 1,308 

 12/29/93 

 Indianapolis / E. Washington 

 - 

 403 

 775 

 884 

 505 

 1,557 

 2,062 

 1,275 

 12/29/93 

 Gardena / Western Ave. 

 - 

 552 

 1,035 

 789 

 695 

 1,681 

 2,376 

 1,287 

 12/29/93 

 Palm Bay / Bobcock Street 

 - 

 409 

 775 

 634 

 525 

 1,293 

 1,818 

 1,062 

 01/10/94 

 Hialeah / W. 20Th Ave. 

 - 

 1,855 

 3,497 

 192 

 1,590 

 3,954 

 5,544 

 3,075 

 01/12/94 

 Sunnyvale / N. Fair Oaks Ave 

 - 

 689 

 1,285 

 409 

 657 

 1,726 

 2,383 

 1,339 

 01/12/94 

 Honolulu / Iwaena 

 - 

 - 

 3,382 

 1,234 

 - 

 4,616 

 4,616 

 3,555 

 01/12/94 

 Miami / Golden Glades 

 - 

 579 

 1,081 

 765 

 557 

 1,868 

 2,425 

 1,477 

 01/21/94 

 Herndon / Centreville Road 

 - 

 1,584 

 2,981 

 617 

 1,358 

 3,824 

 5,182 

 3,214 

 02/28/94 

 Arlingtn/Old Jefferson 

 - 

 735 

 1,399 

 1,658 

 630 

 3,162 

 3,792 

 1,987 

 03/08/94 

 Beaverton / Sw Barnes Road 

 - 

 942 

 1,810 

 349 

 807 

 2,294 

 3,101 

 1,844 

 03/21/94 

 Austin / Arboretum 

 - 

 473 

 897 

 2,997 

 1,553 

 2,814 

 4,367 

 1,880 

 03/25/94 

 Tinton Falls / Shrewsbury Ave 

 - 

 1,074 

 2,033 

 565 

 921 

 2,751 

 3,672 

 2,111 

 F-43 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/25/94 

 East Brunswick / Milltown Road 

 - 

 1,282 

 2,411 

 549 

 1,099 

 3,143 

 4,242 

 2,475 

 03/25/94 

 Mercerville / Quakerbridge Road 

 - 

 1,109 

 2,111 

 766 

 950 

 3,036 

 3,986 

 2,305 

 03/31/94 

 Hypoluxo 

 - 

 735 

 1,404 

 3,323 

 630 

 4,832 

 5,462 

 3,912 

 04/26/94 

 No. Highlands / Roseville Road 

 - 

 980 

 1,835 

 556 

 840 

 2,531 

 3,371 

 2,042 

 05/12/94 

 Fort Pierce/Okeechobee Road 

 - 

 438 

 842 

 322 

 375 

 1,227 

 1,602 

 1,106 

 05/24/94 

 Hempstead/Peninsula Blvd. 

 - 

 2,053 

 3,832 

 681 

 1,762 

 4,804 

 6,566 

 3,708 

 05/24/94 

 La/Huntington 

 - 

 483 

 905 

 382 

 414 

 1,356 

 1,770 

 1,083 

 06/09/94 

 Chattanooga / Brainerd Road 

 - 

 613 

 1,170 

 573 

 525 

 1,831 

 2,356 

 1,348 

 06/09/94 

 Chattanooga / Ringgold Road 

 - 

 761 

 1,433 

 873 

 652 

 2,415 

 3,067 

 1,922 

 06/18/94 

 Las Vegas / S. Valley View Blvd 

 - 

 837 

 1,571 

 448 

 718 

 2,138 

 2,856 

 1,676 

 06/23/94 

 Las Vegas / Tropicana 

 - 

 750 

 1,408 

 637 

 643 

 2,152 

 2,795 

 1,643 

 06/23/94 

 Henderson / Green Valley Pkwy 

 - 

 1,047 

 1,960 

 421 

 897 

 2,531 

 3,428 

 1,971 

 06/24/94 

 Las Vegas / N. Lamb Blvd. 

 - 

 869 

 1,629 

 268 

 669 

 2,097 

 2,766 

 1,345 

 06/30/94 

 Birmingham / W. Oxmoor Road 

 - 

 532 

 1,004 

 752 

 456 

 1,832 

 2,288 

 1,535 

 07/20/94 

 Milpitas / Dempsey Road 

 - 

 1,260 

 2,358 

 350 

 1,080 

 2,888 

 3,968 

 2,198 

 08/17/94 

 Beaverton / S.W. Denny Road 

 - 

 663 

 1,245 

 211 

 568 

 1,551 

 2,119 

 1,190 

 08/17/94 

 Irwindale / Central Ave. 

 - 

 674 

 1,263 

 278 

 578 

 1,637 

 2,215 

 1,207 

 08/17/94 

 Suitland / St. Barnabas Rd 

 - 

 1,530 

 2,913 

 708 

 1,312 

 3,839 

 5,151 

 2,972 

 08/17/94 

 North Brunswick / How Lane 

 - 

 1,238 

 2,323 

 362 

 1,061 

 2,862 

 3,923 

 2,128 

 08/17/94 

 Lombard / 64th 

 - 

 847 

 1,583 

 449 

 726 

 2,153 

 2,879 

 1,683 

 08/17/94 

 Alsip / 27th 

 - 

 406 

 765 

 235 

 348 

 1,058 

 1,406 

 816 

 09/15/94 

 Huntsville / Old Monrovia Rd 

 - 

 613 

 1,157 

 428 

 525 

 1,673 

 2,198 

 1,284 

 09/27/94 

 West Haven / Bull Hill Lane 

 - 

 455 

 873 

 5,554 

 1,963 

 4,919 

 6,882 

 2,919 

 09/30/94 

 San Francisco / Marin St. 

 - 

 1,227 

 2,339 

 1,397 

 1,371 

 3,592 

 4,963 

 2,708 

 09/30/94 

 Baltimore / Hillen Street 

 - 

 580 

 1,095 

 681 

 497 

 1,859 

 2,356 

 1,451 

 09/30/94 

 San Francisco /10th & Howard 

 - 

 1,423 

 2,668 

 541 

 1,221 

 3,411 

 4,632 

 2,568 

 09/30/94 

 Montebello / E. Whittier 

 - 

 383 

 732 

 299 

 329 

 1,085 

 1,414 

 845 

 09/30/94 

 Arlington / Collins 

 - 

 228 

 435 

 511 

 195 

 979 

 1,174 

 824 

 09/30/94 

 Miami / S.W. 119th Ave 

 - 

 656 

 1,221 

 175 

 562 

 1,490 

 2,052 

 1,133 

 09/30/94 

 Blackwood / Erial Road 

 - 

 774 

 1,437 

 236 

 663 

 1,784 

 2,447 

 1,356 

 09/30/94 

 Concord / Monument 

 - 

 1,092 

 2,027 

 590 

 936 

 2,773 

 3,709 

 2,117 

 09/30/94 

 Rochester / Lee Road 

 - 

 469 

 871 

 452 

 402 

 1,390 

 1,792 

 1,142 

 09/30/94 

 Houston / Bellaire 

 - 

 623 

 1,157 

 532 

 534 

 1,778 

 2,312 

 1,377 

 F-44 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 09/30/94 

 Austin / Lamar Blvd 

 - 

 781 

 1,452 

 361 

 669 

 1,925 

 2,594 

 1,385 

 09/30/94 

 Milwaukee / Lovers Lane Rd 

 - 

 469 

 871 

 372 

 402 

 1,310 

 1,712 

 1,011 

 09/30/94 

 Monterey / Del Rey Oaks 

 - 

 1,093 

 1,897 

 163 

 903 

 2,250 

 3,153 

 1,752 

 09/30/94 

 St. Petersburg / 66Th St. 

 - 

 427 

 793 

 429 

 366 

 1,283 

 1,649 

 1,024 

 09/30/94 

 Dayton Bch / N. Nova Road 

 - 

 396 

 735 

 291 

 339 

 1,083 

 1,422 

 882 

 09/30/94 

 Maple Shade / Route 38 

 - 

 994 

 1,846 

 481 

 852 

 2,469 

 3,321 

 1,864 

 09/30/94 

 Marlton / Route 73 N. 

 - 

 938 

 1,742 

 (809) 

 557 

 1,314 

 1,871 

 1,255 

 09/30/94 

 Naperville / E. Ogden Ave 

 - 

 683 

 1,268 

 378 

 585 

 1,744 

 2,329 

 1,350 

 09/30/94 

 Long Beach / South Street 

 - 

 1,778 

 3,307 

 775 

 1,524 

 4,336 

 5,860 

 3,225 

 09/30/94 

 Aloha / S.W. Shaw 

 - 

 805 

 1,495 

 227 

 690 

 1,837 

 2,527 

 1,386 

 09/30/94 

 Alexandria / S. Pickett 

 - 

 1,550 

 2,879 

 420 

 1,329 

 3,520 

 4,849 

 2,679 

 09/30/94 

 Houston / Highway 6 North 

 - 

 1,120 

 2,083 

 494 

 960 

 2,737 

 3,697 

 2,086 

 09/30/94 

 San Antonio/Nacogdoches Rd 

 - 

 571 

 1,060 

 436 

 489 

 1,578 

 2,067 

 1,217 

 09/30/94 

 San Ramon/San Ramon Valley 

 - 

 1,530 

 2,840 

 947 

 1,311 

 4,006 

 5,317 

 3,063 

 09/30/94 

 San Rafael / Merrydale Rd 

 - 

 1,705 

 3,165 

 327 

 1,461 

 3,736 

 5,197 

 2,807 

 09/30/94 

 San Antonio / Austin Hwy 

 - 

 592 

 1,098 

 426 

 507 

 1,609 

 2,116 

 1,229 

 09/30/94 

 Sharonville / E. Kemper 

 - 

 574 

 1,070 

 630 

 492 

 1,782 

 2,274 

 1,344 

 10/13/94 

 Davie / State Road 84 

 - 

 744 

 1,467 

 1,046 

 637 

 2,620 

 3,257 

 1,792 

 10/13/94 

 Carrollton / Marsh Lane 

 - 

 770 

 1,437 

 1,644 

 1,022 

 2,829 

 3,851 

 2,061 

 10/31/94 

 Sherman Oaks / Van Nuys Blvd 

 - 

 1,278 

 2,461 

 1,493 

 1,423 

 3,809 

 5,232 

 2,808 

 12/19/94 

 Salt Lake City/West North Temple 

 - 

 490 

 917 

 47 

 385 

 1,069 

 1,454 

 608 

 12/28/94 

 Milpitas / Watson 

 - 

 1,575 

 2,925 

 523 

 1,350 

 3,673 

 5,023 

 2,762 

 12/28/94 

 Las Vegas / Jones Blvd 

 - 

 1,208 

 2,243 

 344 

 1,035 

 2,760 

 3,795 

 2,051 

 12/28/94 

 Venice / Guthrie 

 - 

 578 

 1,073 

 217 

 495 

 1,373 

 1,868 

 1,042 

 12/30/94 

 Apple Valley / Foliage Ave 

 - 

 910 

 1,695 

 634 

 780 

 2,459 

 3,239 

 1,858 

 01/04/95 

 Chula Vista / Main Street 

 - 

 735 

 1,802 

 534 

 735 

 2,336 

 3,071 

 1,775 

 01/05/95 

 Pantego / West Park 

 - 

 315 

 735 

 289 

 315 

 1,024 

 1,339 

 775 

 01/12/95 

 Roswell / Alpharetta 

 - 

 423 

 993 

 456 

 423 

 1,449 

 1,872 

 1,180 

 01/23/95 

 San Leandro / Hesperian 

 - 

 734 

 1,726 

 216 

 733 

 1,943 

 2,676 

 1,436 

 01/24/95 

 Nashville / Elm Hill 

 - 

 338 

 791 

 577 

 337 

 1,369 

 1,706 

 1,098 

 02/03/95 

 Reno / S. Mccarron Blvd 

 - 

 1,080 

 2,537 

 433 

 1,080 

 2,970 

 4,050 

 2,166 

 02/15/95 

 Schiller Park 

 - 

 1,688 

 3,939 

 2,855 

 1,688 

 6,794 

 8,482 

 4,327 

 02/15/95 

 Lansing 

 - 

 1,514 

 3,534 

 733 

 1,514 

 4,267 

 5,781 

 3,017 

 F-45 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 02/15/95 

 Pleasanton 

 - 

 1,257 

 2,932 

 187 

 1,256 

 3,120 

 4,376 

 2,118 

 02/15/95 

 LA/Sepulveda 

 - 

 1,453 

 3,390 

 224 

 1,453 

 3,614 

 5,067 

 2,443 

 02/28/95 

 Decatur / Flat Shoal 

 - 

 970 

 2,288 

 934 

 970 

 3,222 

 4,192 

 2,497 

 02/28/95 

 Smyrna / S. Cobb 

 - 

 663 

 1,559 

 709 

 663 

 2,268 

 2,931 

 1,745 

 02/28/95 

 Downey / Bellflower 

 - 

 916 

 2,158 

 344 

 916 

 2,502 

 3,418 

 1,884 

 02/28/95 

 Vallejo / Lincoln 

 - 

 445 

 1,052 

 470 

 445 

 1,522 

 1,967 

 1,173 

 02/28/95 

 Lynnwood / 180th St 

 - 

 516 

 1,205 

 316 

 516 

 1,521 

 2,037 

 1,189 

 02/28/95 

 Kent / Pacific Hwy 

 - 

 728 

 1,711 

 221 

 728 

 1,932 

 2,660 

 1,447 

 02/28/95 

 Kirkland 

 - 

 1,254 

 2,932 

 545 

 1,253 

 3,478 

 4,731 

 2,671 

 02/28/95 

 Federal Way/Pacific 

 - 

 785 

 1,832 

 384 

 785 

 2,216 

 3,001 

 1,688 

 02/28/95 

 Tampa / S. Dale 

 - 

 791 

 1,852 

 418 

 791 

 2,270 

 3,061 

 1,737 

 02/28/95 

 Burlingame/Adrian Rd 

 - 

 2,280 

 5,349 

 1,064 

 2,280 

 6,413 

 8,693 

 4,505 

 02/28/95 

 Miami / Cloverleaf 

 - 

 606 

 1,426 

 447 

 606 

 1,873 

 2,479 

 1,461 

 02/28/95 

 Pinole / San Pablo 

 - 

 639 

 1,502 

 477 

 639 

 1,979 

 2,618 

 1,526 

 02/28/95 

 South Gate / Firesto 

 - 

 1,442 

 3,449 

 544 

 1,442 

 3,993 

 5,435 

 3,045 

 02/28/95 

 San Jose / Mabury 

 - 

 892 

 2,088 

 319 

 892 

 2,407 

 3,299 

 1,780 

 02/28/95 

 La Puente / Valley Blvd 

 - 

 591 

 1,390 

 314 

 591 

 1,704 

 2,295 

 1,304 

 02/28/95 

 San Jose / Capitol E 

 - 

 1,215 

 2,852 

 410 

 1,215 

 3,262 

 4,477 

 2,353 

 02/28/95 

 Milwaukie / 40th Street 

 - 

 576 

 1,388 

 299 

 579 

 1,684 

 2,263 

 1,200 

 02/28/95 

 Portland / N. Lombard 

 - 

 812 

 1,900 

 409 

 812 

 2,309 

 3,121 

 1,683 

 02/28/95 

 Miami / Biscayne 

 - 

 1,313 

 3,076 

 646 

 1,313 

 3,722 

 5,035 

 2,983 

 02/28/95 

 Chicago / Clark Street 

 - 

 442 

 1,031 

 799 

 442 

 1,830 

 2,272 

 1,280 

 02/28/95 

 Palatine / Dundee 

 - 

 698 

 1,643 

 729 

 698 

 2,372 

 3,070 

 1,925 

 02/28/95 

 Williamsville/Transit 

 - 

 284 

 670 

 412 

 284 

 1,082 

 1,366 

 865 

 02/28/95 

 Amherst / Sheridan 

 - 

 484 

 1,151 

 356 

 483 

 1,508 

 1,991 

 1,141 

 03/02/95 

 Everett / Highway 99 

 - 

 859 

 2,022 

 317 

 858 

 2,340 

 3,198 

 1,767 

 03/02/95 

 Burien / 1St Ave South 

 - 

 763 

 1,783 

 611 

 763 

 2,394 

 3,157 

 1,868 

 03/02/95 

 Kent / South 238th Street 

 - 

 763 

 1,783 

 382 

 763 

 2,165 

 2,928 

 1,642 

 03/31/95 

 Cheverly / Central Ave 

 - 

 911 

 2,164 

 600 

 910 

 2,765 

 3,675 

 2,058 

 05/01/95 

 Sandy / S. State Street 

 - 

 1,043 

 2,442 

 32 

 923 

 2,594 

 3,517 

 1,548 

 05/03/95 

 Largo / Ulmerton Roa 

 - 

 263 

 654 

 258 

 262 

 913 

 1,175 

 719 

 05/08/95 

 Fairfield/Western Street 

 - 

 439 

 1,030 

 179 

 439 

 1,209 

 1,648 

 887 

 05/08/95 

 Dallas / W. Mockingbird 

 - 

 1,440 

 3,371 

 440 

 1,440 

 3,811 

 5,251 

 2,775 

 F-46 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 05/08/95 

 East Point / Lakewood 

 - 

 884 

 2,071 

 539 

 884 

 2,610 

 3,494 

 1,986 

 05/25/95 

 Falls Church / Gallows Rd 

 - 

 350 

 835 

 9,396 

 3,560 

 7,021 

 10,581 

 2,501 

 06/12/95 

 Baltimore / Old Waterloo 

 - 

 769 

 1,850 

 297 

 769 

 2,147 

 2,916 

 1,575 

 06/12/95 

 Pleasant Hill / Hookston 

 - 

 766 

 1,848 

 410 

 742 

 2,282 

 3,024 

 1,643 

 06/12/95 

 Mountain View/Old Middlefield 

 - 

 2,095 

 4,913 

 229 

 2,094 

 5,143 

 7,237 

 3,721 

 06/30/95 

 San Jose / Blossom Hill 

 - 

 1,467 

 3,444 

 485 

 1,467 

 3,929 

 5,396 

 2,845 

 06/30/95 

 Fairfield / Kings Highway 

 - 

 1,811 

 4,273 

 869 

 1,810 

 5,143 

 6,953 

 3,720 

 06/30/95 

 Pacoima / Paxton Street 

 - 

 840 

 1,976 

 322 

 840 

 2,298 

 3,138 

 1,683 

 06/30/95 

 Portland / Prescott 

 - 

 647 

 1,509 

 294 

 647 

 1,803 

 2,450 

 1,346 

 06/30/95 

 St. Petersburg 

 - 

 352 

 827 

 392 

 352 

 1,219 

 1,571 

 948 

 06/30/95 

 Dallas / Audelia Road 

 - 

 1,166 

 2,725 

 5,093 

 1,166 

 7,818 

 8,984 

 3,527 

 06/30/95 

 Miami Gardens 

 - 

 823 

 1,929 

 655 

 823 

 2,584 

 3,407 

 1,841 

 06/30/95 

 Grand Prairie / 19th 

 - 

 566 

 1,329 

 314 

 566 

 1,643 

 2,209 

 1,209 

 06/30/95 

 Joliet / Jefferson Street 

 - 

 501 

 1,181 

 345 

 501 

 1,526 

 2,027 

 1,129 

 06/30/95 

 Bridgeton / Pennridge 

 - 

 283 

 661 

 292 

 283 

 953 

 1,236 

 733 

 06/30/95 

 Portland / S.E.92nd 

 - 

 638 

 1,497 

 276 

 638 

 1,773 

 2,411 

 1,321 

 06/30/95 

 Houston / S.W. Freeway 

 - 

 537 

 1,254 

 7,258 

 1,140 

 7,909 

 9,049 

 3,932 

 06/30/95 

 Milwaukee / Brown 

 - 

 358 

 849 

 444 

 358 

 1,293 

 1,651 

 973 

 06/30/95 

 Orlando / W. Oak Ridge 

 - 

 698 

 1,642 

 584 

 697 

 2,227 

 2,924 

 1,650 

 06/30/95 

 Lauderhill / State Road 

 - 

 644 

 1,508 

 415 

 644 

 1,923 

 2,567 

 1,468 

 06/30/95 

 Orange Park /Blanding Blvd 

 - 

 394 

 918 

 422 

 394 

 1,340 

 1,734 

 1,053 

 06/30/95 

 St. Petersburg /Joe'S Creek 

 - 

 704 

 1,642 

 459 

 703 

 2,102 

 2,805 

 1,566 

 06/30/95 

 St. Louis / Page Service Drive 

 - 

 531 

 1,241 

 320 

 531 

 1,561 

 2,092 

 1,151 

 06/30/95 

 Independence /E. 42nd 

 - 

 438 

 1,023 

 362 

 438 

 1,385 

 1,823 

 1,037 

 06/30/95 

 Cherry Hill / Dobbs Lane 

 - 

 716 

 1,676 

 427 

 715 

 2,104 

 2,819 

 1,581 

 06/30/95 

 Edgewater Park / Route 130 

 - 

 683 

 1,593 

 277 

 683 

 1,870 

 2,553 

 1,363 

 06/30/95 

 Beaverton / S.W. 110 

 - 

 572 

 1,342 

 324 

 572 

 1,666 

 2,238 

 1,233 

 06/30/95 

 Markham / W. 159Th Place 

 - 

 230 

 539 

 375 

 229 

 915 

 1,144 

 689 

 06/30/95 

 Houston / N.W. Freeway 

 - 

 447 

 1,066 

 337 

 447 

 1,403 

 1,850 

 1,045 

 06/30/95 

 Portland / Gantenbein 

 - 

 537 

 1,262 

 310 

 537 

 1,572 

 2,109 

 1,189 

 06/30/95 

 Upper Chichester/Market St. 

 - 

 569 

 1,329 

 340 

 569 

 1,669 

 2,238 

 1,217 

 06/30/95 

 Fort Worth / Hwy 80 

 - 

 379 

 891 

 364 

 379 

 1,255 

 1,634 

 970 

 06/30/95 

 Greenfield/ S. 108th 

 - 

 728 

 1,707 

 612 

 727 

 2,320 

 3,047 

 1,763 

 F-47 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/30/95 

 Altamonte Springs 

 - 

 566 

 1,326 

 391 

 566 

 1,717 

 2,283 

 1,293 

 06/30/95 

 Seattle / Delridge Way 

 - 

 760 

 1,779 

 323 

 760 

 2,102 

 2,862 

 1,570 

 06/30/95 

 Elmhurst / Lake Frontage Rd 

 - 

 748 

 1,758 

 496 

 748 

 2,254 

 3,002 

 1,606 

 06/30/95 

 Los Angeles / Beverly Blvd 

 - 

 787 

 1,886 

 2,181 

 787 

 4,067 

 4,854 

 2,741 

 06/30/95 

 Lawrenceville / Brunswick 

 - 

 841 

 1,961 

 270 

 840 

 2,232 

 3,072 

 1,614 

 06/30/95 

 Richmond / Carlson 

 - 

 865 

 2,025 

 521 

 864 

 2,547 

 3,411 

 1,835 

 06/30/95 

 Liverpool / Oswego Road 

 - 

 545 

 1,279 

 520 

 545 

 1,799 

 2,344 

 1,348 

 06/30/95 

 Rochester / East Ave 

 - 

 578 

 1,375 

 711 

 578 

 2,086 

 2,664 

 1,654 

 06/30/95 

 Pasadena / E. Beltway 

 - 

 757 

 1,767 

 480 

 757 

 2,247 

 3,004 

 1,606 

 07/13/95 

 Tarzana / Burbank Blvd 

 - 

 2,895 

 6,823 

 738 

 2,894 

 7,562 

 10,456 

 5,578 

 07/31/95 

 Orlando / Lakehurst 

 - 

 450 

 1,063 

 351 

 450 

 1,414 

 1,864 

 1,026 

 07/31/95 

 Livermore / Portola 

 - 

 921 

 2,157 

 396 

 921 

 2,553 

 3,474 

 1,851 

 07/31/95 

 San Jose / Tully 

 - 

 912 

 2,137 

 588 

 912 

 2,725 

 3,637 

 2,066 

 07/31/95 

 Mission Bay 

 - 

 1,617 

 3,785 

 885 

 1,617 

 4,670 

 6,287 

 3,492 

 07/31/95 

 Las Vegas / Decatur 

 - 

 1,147 

 2,697 

 608 

 1,147 

 3,305 

 4,452 

 2,448 

 07/31/95 

 Pleasanton / Stanley 

 - 

 1,624 

 3,811 

 548 

 1,624 

 4,359 

 5,983 

 3,203 

 07/31/95 

 Castro Valley / Grove 

 - 

 757 

 1,772 

 173 

 756 

 1,946 

 2,702 

 1,409 

 07/31/95 

 Honolulu / Kaneohe 

 - 

 1,215 

 2,846 

 2,423 

 2,133 

 4,351 

 6,484 

 3,018 

 07/31/95 

 Chicago / Wabash Ave 

 - 

 645 

 1,535 

 4,239 

 645 

 5,774 

 6,419 

 2,833 

 07/31/95 

 Springfield / Parker 

 - 

 765 

 1,834 

 438 

 765 

 2,272 

 3,037 

 1,640 

 07/31/95 

 Huntington Bch/Gotham 

 - 

 765 

 1,808 

 301 

 765 

 2,109 

 2,874 

 1,555 

 07/31/95 

 Tucker / Lawrenceville 

 - 

 630 

 1,480 

 363 

 630 

 1,843 

 2,473 

 1,342 

 07/31/95 

 Marietta / Canton Road 

 - 

 600 

 1,423 

 483 

 600 

 1,906 

 2,506 

 1,431 

 07/31/95 

 Wheeling / Hintz 

 - 

 450 

 1,054 

 291 

 450 

 1,345 

 1,795 

 984 

 08/01/95 

 Gresham / Division 

 - 

 607 

 1,428 

 293 

 607 

 1,721 

 2,328 

 1,181 

 08/01/95 

 Tucker / Lawrenceville 

 - 

 600 

 1,405 

 507 

 600 

 1,912 

 2,512 

 1,426 

 08/01/95 

 Decatur / Covington 

 - 

 720 

 1,694 

 550 

 720 

 2,244 

 2,964 

 1,607 

 08/11/95 

 Studio City/Ventura 

 - 

 1,285 

 3,015 

 441 

 1,285 

 3,456 

 4,741 

 2,579 

 08/12/95 

 Smyrna / Hargrove Road 

 - 

 1,020 

 3,038 

 661 

 1,020 

 3,699 

 4,719 

 2,680 

 09/01/95 

 Hayward / Mission Blvd 

 - 

 1,020 

 2,383 

 383 

 1,020 

 2,766 

 3,786 

 2,026 

 09/01/95 

 Park City / Belvider 

 - 

 600 

 1,405 

 247 

 600 

 1,652 

 2,252 

 1,182 

 09/01/95 

 New Castle/Dupont Parkway 

 - 

 990 

 2,369 

 2,124 

 990 

 4,493 

 5,483 

 2,271 

 09/01/95 

 Las Vegas / Rainbow 

 - 

 1,050 

 2,459 

 242 

 1,050 

 2,701 

 3,751 

 1,917 

 F-48 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 09/01/95 

 Mountain View / Reng 

 - 

 945 

 2,216 

 223 

 945 

 2,439 

 3,384 

 1,759 

 09/01/95 

 Venice / Cadillac 

 - 

 930 

 2,182 

 557 

 930 

 2,739 

 3,669 

 1,996 

 09/01/95 

 Simi Valley /Los Angeles 

 - 

 1,590 

 3,724 

 570 

 1,590 

 4,294 

 5,884 

 3,048 

 09/01/95 

 Spring Valley/Foreman 

 - 

 1,095 

 2,572 

 597 

 1,095 

 3,169 

 4,264 

 2,325 

 09/06/95 

 Darien / Frontage Road 

 - 

 975 

 2,321 

 337 

 975 

 2,658 

 3,633 

 1,936 

 09/30/95 

 Whittier 

 - 

 215 

 384 

 1,100 

 215 

 1,484 

 1,699 

 1,068 

 09/30/95 

 Van Nuys/Balboa 

 - 

 295 

 657 

 1,449 

 295 

 2,106 

 2,401 

 1,551 

 09/30/95 

 Huntington Beach 

 - 

 176 

 321 

 1,049 

 176 

 1,370 

 1,546 

 1,000 

 09/30/95 

 Monterey Park 

 - 

 124 

 346 

 1,045 

 124 

 1,391 

 1,515 

 1,140 

 09/30/95 

 Downey 

 - 

 191 

 317 

 1,148 

 191 

 1,465 

 1,656 

 1,026 

 09/30/95 

 Del Amo 

 - 

 474 

 742 

 1,645 

 474 

 2,387 

 2,861 

 1,713 

 09/30/95 

 Carson 

 - 

 375 

 735 

 950 

 375 

 1,685 

 2,060 

 1,248 

 09/30/95 

 Van Nuys/Balboa Blvd 

 - 

 1,920 

 4,504 

 841 

 1,920 

 5,345 

 7,265 

 3,524 

 10/31/95 

 San Lorenzo /Hesperian 

 - 

 1,590 

 3,716 

 559 

 1,590 

 4,275 

 5,865 

 2,846 

 10/31/95 

 Chicago / W. 47th Street 

 - 

 300 

 708 

 669 

 300 

 1,377 

 1,677 

 929 

 10/31/95 

 Los Angeles / Eastern 

 - 

 455 

 1,070 

 264 

 454 

 1,335 

 1,789 

 924 

 11/15/95 

 Costa Mesa 

 - 

 522 

 1,218 

 177 

 522 

 1,395 

 1,917 

 999 

 11/15/95 

 Plano / E. 14th 

 - 

 705 

 1,646 

 302 

 705 

 1,948 

 2,653 

 1,368 

 11/15/95 

 Citrus Heights/Sunrise 

 - 

 520 

 1,213 

 320 

 520 

 1,533 

 2,053 

 1,118 

 11/15/95 

 Modesto/Briggsmore Ave 

 - 

 470 

 1,097 

 222 

 470 

 1,319 

 1,789 

 942 

 11/15/95 

 So San Francisco/Spruce 

 - 

 1,905 

 4,444 

 873 

 1,904 

 5,318 

 7,222 

 3,706 

 11/15/95 

 Pacheco/Buchanan Circle 

 - 

 1,681 

 3,951 

 903 

 1,681 

 4,854 

 6,535 

 3,449 

 11/16/95 

 Palm Beach Gardens 

 - 

 657 

 1,540 

 311 

 657 

 1,851 

 2,508 

 1,357 

 11/16/95 

 Delray Beach 

 - 

 600 

 1,407 

 286 

 600 

 1,693 

 2,293 

 1,247 

 01/01/96 

 Bensenville/York Rd 

 - 

 667 

 1,602 

 1,374 

 667 

 2,976 

 3,643 

 1,756 

 01/01/96 

 Louisville/Preston 

 - 

 211 

 1,060 

 867 

 211 

 1,927 

 2,138 

 1,098 

 01/01/96 

 San Jose/Aborn Road 

 - 

 615 

 1,342 

 928 

 615 

 2,270 

 2,885 

 1,330 

 01/01/96 

 Englewood/Federal 

 - 

 481 

 1,395 

 955 

 481 

 2,350 

 2,831 

 1,410 

 01/01/96 

 W. Hollywood/Santa Monica 

 - 

 3,415 

 4,577 

 3,161 

 3,414 

 7,739 

 11,153 

 4,612 

 01/01/96 

 Orland Hills/W. 159th 

 - 

 917 

 2,392 

 1,897 

 917 

 4,289 

 5,206 

 2,606 

 01/01/96 

 Merrionette Park 

 - 

 818 

 2,020 

 1,534 

 818 

 3,554 

 4,372 

 2,072 

 01/01/96 

 Denver/S Quebec 

 - 

 1,849 

 1,941 

 1,716 

 1,849 

 3,657 

 5,506 

 2,204 

 01/01/96 

 Tigard/S.W. Pacific 

 - 

 633 

 1,206 

 1,042 

 633 

 2,248 

 2,881 

 1,325 

 F-49 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 01/01/96 

 Coram/Middle Count 

 - 

 507 

 1,421 

 1,058 

 507 

 2,479 

 2,986 

 1,454 

 01/01/96 

 Houston/FM 1960 

 - 

 635 

 1,294 

 1,239 

 635 

 2,533 

 3,168 

 1,566 

 01/01/96 

 Kent/Military Trail 

 - 

 409 

 1,670 

 1,331 

 409 

 3,001 

 3,410 

 1,791 

 01/01/96 

 Turnersville/Black 

 - 

 165 

 1,360 

 1,095 

 165 

 2,455 

 2,620 

 1,454 

 01/01/96 

 Sewell/Rts. 553 

 - 

 323 

 1,138 

 903 

 323 

 2,041 

 2,364 

 1,188 

 01/01/96 

 Maple Shade/Fellowship 

 - 

 331 

 1,421 

 1,049 

 331 

 2,470 

 2,801 

 1,437 

 01/01/96 

 Hyattsville/Kenilworth 

 - 

 509 

 1,757 

 1,321 

 508 

 3,079 

 3,587 

 1,803 

 01/01/96 

 Waterbury/Captain 

 - 

 434 

 2,089 

 1,746 

 434 

 3,835 

 4,269 

 2,052 

 01/01/96 

 Bedford Hts/Miles 

 - 

 835 

 1,577 

 1,540 

 835 

 3,117 

 3,952 

 1,875 

 01/01/96 

 Livonia/Newburgh 

 - 

 635 

 1,407 

 1,063 

 635 

 2,470 

 3,105 

 1,441 

 01/01/96 

 Sunland/Sunland Blvd. 

 - 

 631 

 1,965 

 1,278 

 631 

 3,243 

 3,874 

 1,875 

 01/01/96 

 Des Moines 

 - 

 448 

 1,350 

 938 

 447 

 2,289 

 2,736 

 1,307 

 01/01/96 

 Oxonhill/Indianhead 

 - 

 772 

 2,017 

 1,773 

 772 

 3,790 

 4,562 

 2,260 

 01/01/96 

 Sacramento/N. 16th 

 - 

 582 

 2,610 

 1,874 

 582 

 4,484 

 5,066 

 2,191 

 01/01/96 

 Houston/Westheimer 

 - 

 1,508 

 2,274 

 1,898 

 1,508 

 4,172 

 5,680 

 2,540 

 01/01/96 

 San Pablo/San Pablo 

 - 

 565 

 1,232 

 1,000 

 565 

 2,232 

 2,797 

 1,299 

 01/01/96 

 Bowie/Woodcliff 

 - 

 718 

 2,336 

 1,609 

 718 

 3,945 

 4,663 

 2,275 

 01/01/96 

 Milwaukee/S. 84th 

 - 

 444 

 1,868 

 1,541 

 444 

 3,409 

 3,853 

 1,939 

 01/01/96 

 Clinton/Malcolm Road 

 - 

 593 

 2,123 

 1,505 

 592 

 3,629 

 4,221 

 2,075 

 01/03/96 

 San Gabriel 

 - 

 1,005 

 2,345 

 466 

 1,005 

 2,811 

 3,816 

 2,058 

 01/05/96 

 San Francisco, Second St. 

 - 

 2,880 

 6,814 

 333 

 2,879 

 7,148 

 10,027 

 4,939 

 01/12/96 

 San Antonio, TX 

 - 

 912 

 2,170 

 259 

 912 

 2,429 

 3,341 

 1,670 

 02/29/96 

 Naples, FL/Old US 41 

 - 

 849 

 2,016 

 371 

 849 

 2,387 

 3,236 

 1,699 

 02/29/96 

 Lake Worth, FL/S. Military Tr. 

 - 

 1,782 

 4,723 

 335 

 1,781 

 5,059 

 6,840 

 3,502 

 02/29/96 

 Brandon, FL/W Brandon Blvd. 

 - 

 1,928 

 4,523 

 1,110 

 1,928 

 5,633 

 7,561 

 4,147 

 02/29/96 

 Coral Springs FL/W Sample Rd. 

 - 

 3,480 

 8,148 

 392 

 3,479 

 8,541 

 12,020 

 6,024 

 02/29/96 

 Delray Beach FL/S Military Tr. 

 - 

 941 

 2,222 

 348 

 940 

 2,571 

 3,511 

 1,812 

 02/29/96 

 Jupiter FL/Military Trail 

 - 

 2,280 

 5,347 

 461 

 2,280 

 5,808 

 8,088 

 4,080 

 02/29/96 

 Lakeworth FL/Lake Worth Rd 

 - 

 737 

 1,742 

 330 

 736 

 2,073 

 2,809 

 1,485 

 02/29/96 

 New Port Richey/State Rd 54 

 - 

 857 

 2,025 

 463 

 856 

 2,489 

 3,345 

 1,736 

 02/29/96 

 Sanford FL/S Orlando Dr 

 - 

 734 

 1,749 

 2,264 

 974 

 3,773 

 4,747 

 2,634 

 03/08/96 

 Atlanta/Roswell 

 - 

 898 

 3,649 

 233 

 898 

 3,882 

 4,780 

 2,678 

 03/31/96 

 Oakland 

 - 

 1,065 

 2,764 

 632 

 1,065 

 3,396 

 4,461 

 2,432 

 F-50 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/31/96 

 Saratoga 

 - 

 2,339 

 6,081 

 863 

 2,339 

 6,944 

 9,283 

 4,524 

 03/31/96 

 Randallstown 

 - 

 1,359 

 3,527 

 799 

 1,359 

 4,326 

 5,685 

 3,057 

 03/31/96 

 Plano 

 - 

 650 

 1,682 

 224 

 649 

 1,907 

 2,556 

 1,332 

 03/31/96 

 Houston 

 - 

 543 

 1,402 

 347 

 543 

 1,749 

 2,292 

 1,182 

 03/31/96 

 Irvine 

 - 

 1,920 

 4,975 

 1,690 

 1,920 

 6,665 

 8,585 

 4,716 

 03/31/96 

 Milwaukee 

 - 

 542 

 1,402 

 278 

 542 

 1,680 

 2,222 

 1,168 

 03/31/96 

 Carrollton 

 - 

 578 

 1,495 

 255 

 578 

 1,750 

 2,328 

 1,204 

 03/31/96 

 Torrance 

 - 

 1,415 

 3,675 

 266 

 1,415 

 3,941 

 5,356 

 2,724 

 03/31/96 

 Jacksonville 

 - 

 713 

 1,845 

 391 

 712 

 2,237 

 2,949 

 1,582 

 03/31/96 

 Dallas 

 - 

 315 

 810 

 1,910 

 315 

 2,720 

 3,035 

 1,548 

 03/31/96 

 Houston 

 - 

 669 

 1,724 

 2,492 

 669 

 4,216 

 4,885 

 2,060 

 03/31/96 

 Baltimore 

 - 

 842 

 2,180 

 521 

 842 

 2,701 

 3,543 

 1,923 

 03/31/96 

 New Haven 

 - 

 740 

 1,907 

 75 

 667 

 2,055 

 2,722 

 1,482 

 04/01/96 

 Chicago/Pulaski 

 - 

 764 

 1,869 

 595 

 763 

 2,465 

 3,228 

 1,628 

 04/01/96 

 Las Vegas/Desert Inn 

 - 

 1,115 

 2,729 

 281 

 1,115 

 3,010 

 4,125 

 2,021 

 04/01/96 

 Torrance/Crenshaw 

 - 

 916 

 2,243 

 289 

 916 

 2,532 

 3,448 

 1,655 

 04/01/96 

 Weymouth 

 - 

 485 

 1,187 

 989 

 485 

 2,176 

 2,661 

 1,348 

 04/01/96 

 St. Louis/Barrett Station Road 

 - 

 630 

 1,542 

 665 

 630 

 2,207 

 2,837 

 1,302 

 04/01/96 

 Rockville/Randolph 

 - 

 1,153 

 2,823 

 358 

 1,153 

 3,181 

 4,334 

 2,123 

 04/01/96 

 Simi Valley/East Street 

 - 

 970 

 2,374 

 170 

 970 

 2,544 

 3,514 

 1,671 

 04/01/96 

 Houston/Westheimer 

 - 

 1,390 

 3,402 

 6,498 

 1,390 

 9,900 

 11,290 

 5,830 

 04/03/96 

 Naples 

 - 

 1,187 

 2,809 

 637 

 1,186 

 3,447 

 4,633 

 2,494 

 06/26/96 

 Boca Raton 

 - 

 3,180 

 7,468 

 1,335 

 3,179 

 8,804 

 11,983 

 6,527 

 06/28/96 

 Venice 

 - 

 669 

 1,575 

 274 

 669 

 1,849 

 2,518 

 1,297 

 06/30/96 

 Las Vegas 

 - 

 921 

 2,155 

 493 

 921 

 2,648 

 3,569 

 1,923 

 06/30/96 

 Bedford Park 

 - 

 606 

 1,419 

 412 

 606 

 1,831 

 2,437 

 1,298 

 06/30/96 

 Los Angeles 

 - 

 692 

 1,616 

 216 

 691 

 1,833 

 2,524 

 1,282 

 06/30/96 

 Silver Spring 

 - 

 1,513 

 3,535 

 667 

 1,513 

 4,202 

 5,715 

 2,902 

 06/30/96 

 Newark 

 - 

 1,051 

 2,458 

 211 

 1,051 

 2,669 

 3,720 

 1,814 

 06/30/96 

 Brooklyn 

 - 

 783 

 1,830 

 3,017 

 783 

 4,847 

 5,630 

 3,945 

 07/02/96 

 Glen Burnie/Furnace Br Rd 

 - 

 1,755 

 4,150 

 830 

 1,755 

 4,980 

 6,735 

 3,196 

 07/22/96 

 Lakewood/W Hampton 

 - 

 717 

 2,092 

 152 

 716 

 2,245 

 2,961 

 1,507 

 08/13/96 

 Norcross/Holcomb Bridge Rd 

 - 

 955 

 3,117 

 352 

 954 

 3,470 

 4,424 

 2,292 

 F-51 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 09/05/96 

 Spring Valley/S Pascack rd 

 - 

 1,260 

 2,966 

 1,133 

 1,260 

 4,099 

 5,359 

 2,987 

 09/16/96 

 Dallas/Royal Lane 

 - 

 1,008 

 2,426 

 447 

 1,007 

 2,874 

 3,881 

 1,928 

 09/16/96 

 Colorado Springs/Tomah Drive 

 - 

 731 

 1,759 

 286 

 730 

 2,046 

 2,776 

 1,402 

 09/16/96 

 Lewisville/S. Stemmons 

 - 

 603 

 1,451 

 260 

 603 

 1,711 

 2,314 

 1,160 

 09/16/96 

 Las Vegas/Boulder Hwy. 

 - 

 947 

 2,279 

 602 

 946 

 2,882 

 3,828 

 2,081 

 09/16/96 

 Sarasota/S. Tamiami Trail 

 - 

 584 

 1,407 

 1,530 

 584 

 2,937 

 3,521 

 1,631 

 09/16/96 

 Willow Grove/Maryland Road 

 - 

 673 

 1,620 

 288 

 673 

 1,908 

 2,581 

 1,278 

 09/16/96 

 Houston/W. Montgomery Rd. 

 - 

 524 

 1,261 

 399 

 523 

 1,661 

 2,184 

 1,180 

 09/16/96 

 Denver/W. Hampden 

 - 

 1,084 

 2,609 

 315 

 1,083 

 2,925 

 4,008 

 1,989 

 09/16/96 

 Littleton/Southpark Way 

 - 

 922 

 2,221 

 565 

 922 

 2,786 

 3,708 

 1,960 

 09/16/96 

 Petaluma/Baywood Drive 

 - 

 861 

 2,074 

 393 

 861 

 2,467 

 3,328 

 1,619 

 09/16/96 

 Canoga Park/Sherman Way 

 - 

 1,543 

 3,716 

 5,218 

 1,543 

 8,934 

 10,477 

 3,345 

 09/16/96 

 Jacksonville/South Lane Ave. 

 - 

 554 

 1,334 

 407 

 554 

 1,741 

 2,295 

 1,208 

 09/16/96 

 Newport News/Warwick Blvd. 

 - 

 575 

 1,385 

 288 

 575 

 1,673 

 2,248 

 1,141 

 09/16/96 

 Greenbrook/Route 22 

 - 

 1,227 

 2,954 

 804 

 1,226 

 3,759 

 4,985 

 2,506 

 09/16/96 

 Monsey/Route 59 

 - 

 1,068 

 2,572 

 505 

 1,068 

 3,077 

 4,145 

 2,070 

 09/16/96 

 Santa Rosa/Santa Rosa Ave. 

 - 

 575 

 1,385 

 216 

 575 

 1,601 

 2,176 

 1,082 

 09/16/96 

 Fort Worth/Brentwood 

 - 

 823 

 2,016 

 382 

 823 

 2,398 

 3,221 

 1,646 

 09/16/96 

 Glendale/San Fernando Road 

 - 

 2,500 

 6,124 

 431 

 2,500 

 6,555 

 9,055 

 4,361 

 09/16/96 

 Houston/Harwin 

 - 

 549 

 1,344 

 423 

 549 

 1,767 

 2,316 

 1,242 

 09/16/96 

 Irvine/Cowan Street 

 - 

 1,890 

 4,631 

 639 

 1,890 

 5,270 

 7,160 

 3,576 

 09/16/96 

 Fairfield/Dixie Highway 

 - 

 427 

 1,046 

 234 

 427 

 1,280 

 1,707 

 870 

 09/16/96 

 Mesa/Country Club Drive 

 - 

 701 

 1,718 

 706 

 701 

 2,424 

 3,125 

 1,805 

 09/16/96 

 San Francisco/Geary Blvd. 

 - 

 2,957 

 7,244 

 1,618 

 2,957 

 8,862 

 11,819 

 5,805 

 09/16/96 

 Houston/Gulf Freeway 

 - 

 701 

 1,718 

 5,395 

 701 

 7,113 

 7,814 

 3,566 

 09/16/96 

 Las Vegas/S. Decatur Blvd. 

 - 

 1,037 

 2,539 

 372 

 1,036 

 2,912 

 3,948 

 1,994 

 09/16/96 

 Tempe/McKellips Road 

 - 

 823 

 1,972 

 513 

 823 

 2,485 

 3,308 

 1,747 

 09/16/96 

 Richland Hills/Airport Fwy. 

 - 

 473 

 1,158 

 310 

 472 

 1,469 

 1,941 

 1,032 

 10/11/96 

 Hampton/Pembroke Road 

 - 

 1,080 

 2,346 

 30 

 914 

 2,542 

 3,456 

 1,499 

 10/11/96 

 Norfolk/Widgeon Road 

 - 

 1,110 

 2,405 

 15 

 908 

 2,622 

 3,530 

 1,565 

 10/11/96 

 Richmond/Bloom Lane 

 - 

 1,188 

 2,512 

 - 

 994 

 2,706 

 3,700 

 1,642 

 10/11/96 

 Virginia Beach/Southern Blvd 

 - 

 282 

 610 

 340 

 282 

 950 

 1,232 

 714 

 10/11/96 

 Chesapeake/Military Hwy 

 - 

 - 

 2,886 

 718 

 - 

 3,604 

 3,604 

 1,879 

 F-52 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/11/96 

 Richmond/Midlothian Park 

 - 

 762 

 1,588 

 738 

 762 

 2,326 

 3,088 

 1,687 

 10/11/96 

 Roanoke/Peters Creek Road 

 - 

 819 

 1,776 

 474 

 819 

 2,250 

 3,069 

 1,573 

 10/11/96 

 Orlando/E Oakridge Rd 

 - 

 927 

 2,020 

 733 

 927 

 2,753 

 3,680 

 1,986 

 10/11/96 

 Orlando/South Hwy 17-92 

 - 

 1,170 

 2,549 

 589 

 1,170 

 3,138 

 4,308 

 2,188 

 10/25/96 

 Austin/Renelli 

 - 

 1,710 

 3,990 

 597 

 1,710 

 4,587 

 6,297 

 3,114 

 10/25/96 

 Austin/Santiago 

 - 

 900 

 2,100 

 454 

 900 

 2,554 

 3,454 

 1,735 

 10/25/96 

 Dallas/East N.W. Highway 

 - 

 698 

 1,628 

 961 

 697 

 2,590 

 3,287 

 1,513 

 10/25/96 

 Dallas/Denton Drive 

 - 

 900 

 2,100 

 995 

 900 

 3,095 

 3,995 

 2,019 

 10/25/96 

 Houston/Hempstead 

 - 

 518 

 1,207 

 565 

 517 

 1,773 

 2,290 

 1,304 

 10/25/96 

 Pasadena/So. Shaver 

 - 

 420 

 980 

 682 

 420 

 1,662 

 2,082 

 1,238 

 10/31/96 

 Houston/Joel Wheaton Rd 

 - 

 465 

 1,085 

 1,432 

 465 

 2,517 

 2,982 

 996 

 10/31/96 

 Mt Holly/541 Bypass 

 - 

 360 

 840 

 635 

 360 

 1,475 

 1,835 

 1,066 

 11/13/96 

 Town East/Mesquite 

 - 

 330 

 770 

 398 

 330 

 1,168 

 1,498 

 838 

 11/14/96 

 Bossier City LA 

 - 

 633 

 1,488 

 41 

 557 

 1,605 

 2,162 

 996 

 12/05/96 

 Lake Forest/Bake Parkway 

 - 

 971 

 2,173 

 4,968 

 972 

 7,140 

 8,112 

 2,645 

 12/16/96 

 Cherry Hill/Old Cuthbert 

 - 

 645 

 1,505 

 1,016 

 645 

 2,521 

 3,166 

 1,944 

 12/16/96 

 Oklahoma City/SW 74th 

 - 

 375 

 875 

 529 

 375 

 1,404 

 1,779 

 913 

 12/16/96 

 Oklahoma City/S Santa Fe 

 - 

 360 

 840 

 256 

 360 

 1,096 

 1,456 

 765 

 12/16/96 

 Oklahoma City/S. May 

 - 

 360 

 840 

 241 

 360 

 1,081 

 1,441 

 763 

 12/16/96 

 Arlington/S. Watson Rd. 

 - 

 930 

 2,170 

 945 

 930 

 3,115 

 4,045 

 2,254 

 12/16/96 

 Richardson/E. Arapaho 

 - 

 1,290 

 3,010 

 754 

 1,290 

 3,764 

 5,054 

 2,541 

 12/23/96 

 Eagle Rock/Colorado 

 - 

 330 

 813 

 462 

 444 

 1,161 

 1,605 

 689 

 12/23/96 

 Upper Darby/Lansdowne 

 - 

 899 

 2,272 

 461 

 899 

 2,733 

 3,632 

 1,884 

 12/23/96 

 Plymouth Meeting /Chemical 

 - 

 1,109 

 2,802 

 387 

 1,109 

 3,189 

 4,298 

 1,782 

 12/23/96 

 Philadelphia/Byberry 

 - 

 1,019 

 2,575 

 702 

 1,019 

 3,277 

 4,296 

 2,200 

 12/23/96 

 Ft. Lauderdale/State Road 

 - 

 1,199 

 3,030 

 542 

 1,199 

 3,572 

 4,771 

 2,415 

 12/23/96 

 Englewood/Costilla 

 - 

 1,739 

 4,393 

 400 

 1,738 

 4,794 

 6,532 

 3,205 

 12/23/96 

 Lilburn/Beaver Ruin Road 

 - 

 600 

 1,515 

 306 

 599 

 1,822 

 2,421 

 1,250 

 12/23/96 

 Carmichael/Fair Oaks 

 - 

 809 

 2,045 

 438 

 809 

 2,483 

 3,292 

 1,687 

 12/23/96 

 Portland/Division Street 

 - 

 989 

 2,499 

 362 

 989 

 2,861 

 3,850 

 1,880 

 12/23/96 

 Napa/Industrial 

 - 

 660 

 1,666 

 252 

 659 

 1,919 

 2,578 

 1,291 

 12/23/96 

 Las Vegas/Charleston 

 - 

 1,049 

 2,651 

 345 

 1,049 

 2,996 

 4,045 

 2,017 

 12/23/96 

 Las Vegas/South Arvill 

 - 

 929 

 2,348 

 444 

 929 

 2,792 

 3,721 

 1,868 

 F-53 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 12/23/96 

 Los Angeles/Santa Monica 

 - 

 3,328 

 8,407 

 740 

 3,327 

 9,148 

 12,475 

 6,146 

 12/23/96 

 Warren/Schoenherr Rd. 

 - 

 749 

 1,894 

 468 

 749 

 2,362 

 3,111 

 1,617 

 12/23/96 

 Portland/N.E. 71st Avenue 

 - 

 869 

 2,196 

 353 

 869 

 2,549 

 3,418 

 1,754 

 12/23/96 

 Broadview/S. 25th Avenue 

 - 

 1,289 

 3,257 

 1,234 

 1,289 

 4,491 

 5,780 

 2,771 

 12/23/96 

 Winter Springs/W. St. Rte 434 

 - 

 689 

 1,742 

 254 

 689 

 1,996 

 2,685 

 1,405 

 12/23/96 

 Tampa/15th Street 

 - 

 420 

 1,060 

 458 

 420 

 1,518 

 1,938 

 1,077 

 12/23/96 

 Pompano Beach/S. Dixie Hwy. 

 - 

 930 

 2,292 

 795 

 930 

 3,087 

 4,017 

 2,117 

 12/23/96 

 Overland Park/Mastin 

 - 

 990 

 2,440 

 3,395 

 1,306 

 5,519 

 6,825 

 3,105 

 12/23/96 

 Auburn/R Street 

 - 

 690 

 1,700 

 312 

 690 

 2,012 

 2,702 

 1,388 

 12/23/96 

 Federal Heights/W. 48th Ave. 

 - 

 720 

 1,774 

 372 

 720 

 2,146 

 2,866 

 1,485 

 12/23/96 

 Decatur/Covington 

 - 

 930 

 2,292 

 419 

 930 

 2,711 

 3,641 

 1,831 

 12/23/96 

 Forest Park/Jonesboro Rd. 

 - 

 540 

 1,331 

 377 

 540 

 1,708 

 2,248 

 1,197 

 12/23/96 

 Mangonia Park/Australian Ave. 

 - 

 840 

 2,070 

 263 

 840 

 2,333 

 3,173 

 1,626 

 12/23/96 

 Whittier/Colima 

 - 

 540 

 1,331 

 183 

 540 

 1,514 

 2,054 

 1,029 

 12/23/96 

 Kent/Pacific Hwy South 

 - 

 930 

 2,292 

 257 

 930 

 2,549 

 3,479 

 1,731 

 12/23/96 

 Topeka/8th Street 

 - 

 150 

 370 

 547 

 150 

 917 

 1,067 

 701 

 12/23/96 

 Denver East Evans 

 - 

 1,740 

 4,288 

 452 

 1,740 

 4,740 

 6,480 

 3,158 

 12/23/96 

 Pittsburgh/California Ave. 

 - 

 630 

 1,552 

 155 

 630 

 1,707 

 2,337 

 1,142 

 12/23/96 

 Ft. Lauderdale/Powerline 

 - 

 - 

 2,286 

 527 

 - 

 2,813 

 2,813 

 1,513 

 12/23/96 

 Philadelphia/Oxford 

 - 

 900 

 2,218 

 494 

 900 

 2,712 

 3,612 

 1,809 

 12/23/96 

 Dallas/Lemmon Ave. 

 - 

 1,710 

 4,214 

 397 

 1,710 

 4,611 

 6,321 

 3,057 

 12/23/96 

 Alsip/115th Street 

 - 

 750 

 1,848 

 4,799 

 750 

 6,647 

 7,397 

 3,138 

 12/23/96 

 Green Acres/Jog Road 

 - 

 600 

 1,479 

 252 

 600 

 1,731 

 2,331 

 1,196 

 12/23/96 

 Pompano Beach/Sample Road 

 - 

 1,320 

 3,253 

 308 

 1,320 

 3,561 

 4,881 

 2,408 

 12/23/96 

 Wyndmoor/Ivy Hill 

 - 

 2,160 

 5,323 

 603 

 2,160 

 5,926 

 8,086 

 3,987 

 12/23/96 

 W. Palm Beach/Belvedere 

 - 

 960 

 2,366 

 427 

 960 

 2,793 

 3,753 

 1,864 

 12/23/96 

 Renton 174th St. 

 - 

 960 

 2,366 

 534 

 960 

 2,900 

 3,860 

 2,012 

 12/23/96 

 Sacramento/Northgate 

 - 

 1,021 

 2,647 

 266 

 1,021 

 2,913 

 3,934 

 1,950 

 12/23/96 

 Phoenix/19th Avenue 

 - 

 991 

 2,569 

 726 

 991 

 3,295 

 4,286 

 2,225 

 12/23/96 

 Bedford Park/Cicero 

 - 

 1,321 

 3,426 

 (1,093) 

 777 

 2,877 

 3,654 

 1,770 

 12/23/96 

 Lake Worth/Lk Worth 

 - 

 1,111 

 2,880 

 503 

 1,111 

 3,383 

 4,494 

 2,306 

 12/23/96 

 Arlington/Algonquin 

 - 

 991 

 2,569 

 1,015 

 991 

 3,584 

 4,575 

 2,626 

 12/23/96 

 Seattle/15th Avenue 

 - 

 781 

 2,024 

 331 

 781 

 2,355 

 3,136 

 1,634 

 F-54 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 12/23/96 

 Southington/Spring 

 - 

 811 

 2,102 

 585 

 811 

 2,687 

 3,498 

 1,787 

 12/23/96 

 Nashville/Dickerson Pike 

 - 

 990 

 2,440 

 328 

 990 

 2,768 

 3,758 

 1,872 

 12/23/96 

 Madison/Gallatin Road 

 - 

 780 

 1,922 

 606 

 780 

 2,528 

 3,308 

 1,782 

 12/30/96 

 Concorde/Treat 

 - 

 1,396 

 3,258 

 371 

 1,396 

 3,629 

 5,025 

 2,484 

 12/30/96 

 Virginia Beach 

 - 

 535 

 1,248 

 318 

 535 

 1,566 

 2,101 

 1,065 

 12/30/96 

 San Mateo 

 - 

 2,408 

 5,619 

 358 

 2,408 

 5,977 

 8,385 

 3,930 

 01/22/97 

 Austin, 1033 E. 41 Street 

 - 

 257 

 3,633 

 374 

 257 

 4,007 

 4,264 

 2,551 

 04/12/97 

 Annandale / Backlick 

 - 

 955 

 2,229 

 474 

 955 

 2,703 

 3,658 

 1,777 

 04/12/97 

 Ft. Worth / West Freeway 

 - 

 667 

 1,556 

 439 

 667 

 1,995 

 2,662 

 1,316 

 04/12/97 

 Campbell / S. Curtner 

 - 

 2,550 

 5,950 

 918 

 2,549 

 6,869 

 9,418 

 4,450 

 04/12/97 

 Aurora / S. Idalia 

 - 

 1,002 

 2,338 

 1,011 

 1,002 

 3,349 

 4,351 

 2,218 

 04/12/97 

 Santa Cruz / Capitola 

 - 

 1,037 

 2,420 

 408 

 1,037 

 2,828 

 3,865 

 1,832 

 04/12/97 

 Indianapolis / Lafayette Road 

 - 

 682 

 1,590 

 705 

 681 

 2,296 

 2,977 

 1,638 

 04/12/97 

 Indianapolis / Route 31 

 - 

 619 

 1,444 

 693 

 619 

 2,137 

 2,756 

 1,485 

 04/12/97 

 Farmingdale / Broad Hollow Rd. 

 - 

 1,568 

 3,658 

 1,244 

 1,567 

 4,903 

 6,470 

 3,240 

 04/12/97 

 Tyson's Corner / Springhill Rd. 

 - 

 3,861 

 9,010 

 1,532 

 3,781 

 10,622 

 14,403 

 6,967 

 04/12/97 

 Fountain Valley / Newhope 

 - 

 1,137 

 2,653 

 517 

 1,137 

 3,170 

 4,307 

 2,059 

 04/12/97 

 Dallas / Winsted 

 - 

 1,375 

 3,209 

 660 

 1,375 

 3,869 

 5,244 

 2,521 

 04/12/97 

 Columbia / Broad River Rd. 

 - 

 121 

 282 

 197 

 121 

 479 

 600 

 353 

 04/12/97 

 Livermore / S. Front Road 

 - 

 876 

 2,044 

 284 

 876 

 2,328 

 3,204 

 1,505 

 04/12/97 

 Garland / Plano 

 - 

 889 

 2,073 

 359 

 888 

 2,433 

 3,321 

 1,591 

 04/12/97 

 San Jose / Story Road 

 - 

 1,352 

 3,156 

 859 

 1,352 

 4,015 

 5,367 

 2,733 

 04/12/97 

 Aurora / Abilene 

 - 

 1,406 

 3,280 

 766 

 1,405 

 4,047 

 5,452 

 2,680 

 04/12/97 

 Antioch / Sunset Drive 

 - 

 1,035 

 2,416 

 343 

 1,035 

 2,759 

 3,794 

 1,798 

 04/12/97 

 Rancho Cordova / Sunrise 

 - 

 1,048 

 2,445 

 507 

 1,048 

 2,952 

 4,000 

 1,958 

 04/12/97 

 Berlin / Wilbur Cross 

 - 

 756 

 1,764 

 520 

 756 

 2,284 

 3,040 

 1,556 

 04/12/97 

 Whittier / Whittier Blvd. 

 - 

 648 

 1,513 

 272 

 648 

 1,785 

 2,433 

 1,161 

 04/12/97 

 Peabody / Newbury Street 

 - 

 1,159 

 2,704 

 1,343 

 1,159 

 4,047 

 5,206 

 2,641 

 04/12/97 

 Denver / Blake 

 - 

 602 

 1,405 

 605 

 602 

 2,010 

 2,612 

 1,314 

 04/12/97 

 Evansville / Green River Road 

 - 

 470 

 1,096 

 364 

 470 

 1,460 

 1,930 

 971 

 04/12/97 

 Burien / First Ave. So. 

 - 

 792 

 1,847 

 353 

 791 

 2,201 

 2,992 

 1,469 

 04/12/97 

 Rancho Cordova / Mather Field 

 - 

 494 

 1,153 

 449 

 494 

 1,602 

 2,096 

 1,134 

 04/12/97 

 Sugar Land / Eldridge 

 - 

 705 

 1,644 

 409 

 705 

 2,053 

 2,758 

 1,366 

 F-55 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 04/12/97 

 Columbus / Eastland Drive 

 - 

 602 

 1,405 

 470 

 602 

 1,875 

 2,477 

 1,256 

 04/12/97 

 Slickerville / Black Horse Pike 

 - 

 539 

 1,258 

 415 

 539 

 1,673 

 2,212 

 1,117 

 04/12/97 

 Seattle / Aurora 

 - 

 1,145 

 2,671 

 466 

 1,144 

 3,138 

 4,282 

 2,069 

 04/12/97 

 Gaithersburg / Christopher Ave. 

 - 

 972 

 2,268 

 500 

 972 

 2,768 

 3,740 

 1,863 

 04/12/97 

 Manchester / Tolland Turnpike 

 - 

 807 

 1,883 

 511 

 807 

 2,394 

 3,201 

 1,590 

 06/25/97 

 L.A./Venice Blvd. 

 - 

 523 

 1,221 

 1,927 

 1,044 

 2,627 

 3,671 

 1,490 

 06/25/97 

 Kirkland-Totem 

 - 

 2,131 

 4,972 

 1,040 

 2,099 

 6,044 

 8,143 

 3,763 

 06/25/97 

 Idianapolis 

 - 

 471 

 1,098 

 456 

 471 

 1,554 

 2,025 

 1,138 

 06/25/97 

 Dallas 

 - 

 699 

 1,631 

 214 

 699 

 1,845 

 2,544 

 1,200 

 06/25/97 

 Atlanta 

 - 

 1,183 

 2,761 

 247 

 1,183 

 3,008 

 4,191 

 1,958 

 06/25/97 

 Bensalem 

 - 

 1,159 

 2,705 

 345 

 1,159 

 3,050 

 4,209 

 1,960 

 06/25/97 

 Evansville 

 - 

 429 

 1,000 

 265 

 401 

 1,293 

 1,694 

 825 

 06/25/97 

 Austin 

 - 

 813 

 1,897 

 255 

 813 

 2,152 

 2,965 

 1,402 

 06/25/97 

 Harbor City 

 - 

 1,244 

 2,904 

 375 

 1,244 

 3,279 

 4,523 

 2,176 

 06/25/97 

 Birmingham 

 - 

 539 

 1,258 

 231 

 539 

 1,489 

 2,028 

 1,004 

 06/25/97 

 Sacramento 

 - 

 489 

 1,396 

 144 

 489 

 1,540 

 2,029 

 993 

 06/25/97 

 Carrollton 

 - 

 441 

 1,029 

 102 

 441 

 1,131 

 1,572 

 730 

 06/25/97 

 La Habra 

 - 

 822 

 1,918 

 339 

 822 

 2,257 

 3,079 

 1,434 

 06/25/97 

 Lombard 

 - 

 1,527 

 3,564 

 1,956 

 2,047 

 5,000 

 7,047 

 3,102 

 06/25/97 

 Fairfield 

 - 

 740 

 1,727 

 208 

 740 

 1,935 

 2,675 

 1,255 

 06/25/97 

 Seattle 

 - 

 1,498 

 3,494 

 10,294 

 1,498 

 13,788 

 15,286 

 5,533 

 06/25/97 

 Bellevue 

 - 

 1,653 

 3,858 

 294 

 1,653 

 4,152 

 5,805 

 2,733 

 06/25/97 

 Citrus Heights 

 - 

 642 

 1,244 

 745 

 642 

 1,989 

 2,631 

 1,375 

 06/25/97 

 San Jose 

 - 

 1,273 

 2,971 

 117 

 1,273 

 3,088 

 4,361 

 1,954 

 06/25/97 

 Stanton 

 - 

 948 

 2,212 

 234 

 948 

 2,446 

 3,394 

 1,544 

 06/25/97 

 Garland 

 - 

 486 

 1,135 

 173 

 486 

 1,308 

 1,794 

 869 

 06/25/97 

 Westford 

 - 

 857 

 1,999 

 610 

 857 

 2,609 

 3,466 

 1,783 

 06/25/97 

 Dallas 

 - 

 1,627 

 3,797 

 1,341 

 1,627 

 5,138 

 6,765 

 3,386 

 06/25/97 

 Wheat Ridge 

 - 

 1,054 

 2,459 

 573 

 1,054 

 3,032 

 4,086 

 1,956 

 06/25/97 

 Berlin 

 - 

 825 

 1,925 

 4,582 

 505 

 6,827 

 7,332 

 2,644 

 06/25/97 

 Gretna 

 - 

 1,069 

 2,494 

 850 

 1,069 

 3,344 

 4,413 

 2,378 

 06/25/97 

 Spring 

 - 

 461 

 1,077 

 399 

 461 

 1,476 

 1,937 

 982 

 06/25/97 

 Sacramento 

 - 

 592 

 1,380 

 1,222 

 720 

 2,474 

 3,194 

 1,607 

 F-56 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/25/97 

 Houston/South Dairyashford 

 - 

 856 

 1,997 

 545 

 856 

 2,542 

 3,398 

 1,678 

 06/25/97 

 Naperville 

 - 

 1,108 

 2,585 

 725 

 1,108 

 3,310 

 4,418 

 2,109 

 06/25/97 

 Carrollton 

 - 

 1,158 

 2,702 

 920 

 1,158 

 3,622 

 4,780 

 2,376 

 06/25/97 

 Waipahu 

 - 

 1,620 

 3,780 

 945 

 1,620 

 4,725 

 6,345 

 3,129 

 06/25/97 

 Davis 

 - 

 628 

 1,465 

 444 

 628 

 1,909 

 2,537 

 1,162 

 06/25/97 

 Decatur 

 - 

 951 

 2,220 

 618 

 951 

 2,838 

 3,789 

 1,801 

 06/25/97 

 Jacksonville 

 - 

 653 

 1,525 

 477 

 653 

 2,002 

 2,655 

 1,322 

 06/25/97 

 Chicoppe 

 - 

 663 

 1,546 

 631 

 662 

 2,178 

 2,840 

 1,483 

 06/25/97 

 Alexandria 

 - 

 1,533 

 3,576 

 760 

 1,532 

 4,337 

 5,869 

 2,786 

 06/25/97 

 Houston/Veterans Memorial Dr. 

 - 

 458 

 1,070 

 400 

 458 

 1,470 

 1,928 

 977 

 06/25/97 

 Los Angeles/Olympic 

 - 

 4,392 

 10,247 

 1,505 

 4,391 

 11,753 

 16,144 

 7,448 

 06/25/97 

 Littleton 

 - 

 1,340 

 3,126 

 1,260 

 1,340 

 4,386 

 5,726 

 2,930 

 06/25/97 

 Metairie 

 - 

 1,229 

 2,868 

 415 

 1,229 

 3,283 

 4,512 

 2,114 

 06/25/97 

 Louisville 

 - 

 717 

 1,672 

 557 

 716 

 2,230 

 2,946 

 1,429 

 06/25/97 

 East Hazel Crest 

 - 

 753 

 1,757 

 2,540 

 1,213 

 3,837 

 5,050 

 2,717 

 06/25/97 

 Edmonds 

 - 

 1,187 

 2,770 

 819 

 1,187 

 3,589 

 4,776 

 2,300 

 06/25/97 

 Foster City 

 - 

 1,064 

 2,483 

 431 

 1,064 

 2,914 

 3,978 

 1,863 

 06/25/97 

 Chicago 

 - 

 1,160 

 2,708 

 796 

 1,160 

 3,504 

 4,664 

 2,238 

 06/25/97 

 Philadelphia 

 - 

 924 

 2,155 

 515 

 923 

 2,671 

 3,594 

 1,742 

 06/25/97 

 Dallas/Vilbig Rd. 

 - 

 508 

 1,184 

 389 

 507 

 1,574 

 2,081 

 1,057 

 06/25/97 

 Staten Island 

 - 

 1,676 

 3,910 

 1,912 

 1,675 

 5,823 

 7,498 

 3,446 

 06/25/97 

 Pelham Manor 

 - 

 1,209 

 2,820 

 1,014 

 1,208 

 3,835 

 5,043 

 2,585 

 06/25/97 

 Irving 

 - 

 469 

 1,093 

 304 

 468 

 1,398 

 1,866 

 917 

 06/25/97 

 Elk Grove 

 - 

 642 

 1,497 

 550 

 642 

 2,047 

 2,689 

 1,351 

 06/25/97 

 LAX 

 - 

 1,312 

 3,062 

 729 

 1,312 

 3,791 

 5,103 

 2,446 

 06/25/97 

 Denver 

 - 

 1,316 

 3,071 

 973 

 1,316 

 4,044 

 5,360 

 2,666 

 06/25/97 

 Plano 

 - 

 1,369 

 3,193 

 687 

 1,368 

 3,881 

 5,249 

 2,510 

 06/25/97 

 Lynnwood 

 - 

 839 

 1,959 

 534 

 839 

 2,493 

 3,332 

 1,619 

 06/25/97 

 Lilburn 

 - 

 507 

 1,182 

 489 

 507 

 1,671 

 2,178 

 1,128 

 06/25/97 

 Parma 

 - 

 881 

 2,055 

 897 

 880 

 2,953 

 3,833 

 1,950 

 06/25/97 

 Davie 

 - 

 1,086 

 2,533 

 761 

 1,085 

 3,295 

 4,380 

 2,210 

 06/25/97 

 Allen Park 

 - 

 953 

 2,223 

 720 

 953 

 2,943 

 3,896 

 1,896 

 06/25/97 

 Aurora 

 - 

 808 

 1,886 

 536 

 808 

 2,422 

 3,230 

 1,571 

 F-57 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/25/97 

 San Diego/16th Street 

 - 

 932 

 2,175 

 837 

 932 

 3,012 

 3,944 

 2,019 

 06/25/97 

 Sterling Heights 

 - 

 766 

 1,787 

 644 

 766 

 2,431 

 3,197 

 1,635 

 06/25/97 

 East L.A./Boyle Heights 

 - 

 957 

 2,232 

 624 

 957 

 2,856 

 3,813 

 1,841 

 06/25/97 

 Springfield/Alban Station 

 - 

 1,317 

 3,074 

 947 

 1,317 

 4,021 

 5,338 

 2,628 

 06/25/97 

 Littleton 

 - 

 868 

 2,026 

 602 

 868 

 2,628 

 3,496 

 1,699 

 06/25/97 

 Sacramento/57th Street 

 - 

 869 

 2,029 

 628 

 869 

 2,657 

 3,526 

 1,741 

 06/25/97 

 Miami 

 - 

 1,762 

 4,111 

 1,138 

 1,762 

 5,249 

 7,011 

 3,409 

 08/13/97 

 Santa Monica / Wilshire Blvd. 

 - 

 2,040 

 4,760 

 1,409 

 2,040 

 6,169 

 8,209 

 3,850 

 10/01/97 

 Marietta /Austell Rd 

 - 

 398 

 1,326 

 1,101 

 440 

 2,385 

 2,825 

 1,441 

 10/01/97 

 Denver / Leetsdale 

 - 

 1,407 

 1,682 

 1,438 

 1,554 

 2,973 

 4,527 

 1,852 

 10/01/97 

 Baltimore / York Road 

 - 

 1,538 

 1,952 

 2,027 

 1,700 

 3,817 

 5,517 

 2,401 

 10/01/97 

 Bolingbrook 

 - 

 737 

 1,776 

 1,628 

 814 

 3,327 

 4,141 

 1,934 

 10/01/97 

 Kent / Central 

 - 

 483 

 1,321 

 1,179 

 533 

 2,450 

 2,983 

 1,376 

 10/01/97 

 Geneva / Roosevelt 

 - 

 355 

 1,302 

 1,052 

 392 

 2,317 

 2,709 

 1,384 

 10/01/97 

 Denver / Sheridan 

 - 

 429 

 1,105 

 1,010 

 474 

 2,070 

 2,544 

 1,320 

 10/01/97 

 Mountlake Terrace 

 - 

 1,017 

 1,783 

 1,410 

 1,123 

 3,087 

 4,210 

 1,812 

 10/01/97 

 Carol Stream/ St.Charles 

 - 

 185 

 1,187 

 1,006 

 205 

 2,173 

 2,378 

 1,286 

 10/01/97 

 Marietta / Cobb Park 

 - 

 420 

 1,131 

 1,046 

 464 

 2,133 

 2,597 

 1,240 

 10/01/97 

 Venice / Rose 

 - 

 5,468 

 5,478 

 4,760 

 6,042 

 9,664 

 15,706 

 5,433 

 10/01/97 

 Ventura / Ventura Blvd 

 - 

 911 

 2,227 

 1,768 

 1,006 

 3,900 

 4,906 

 2,362 

 10/01/97 

 Studio City/ Ventura 

 - 

 2,421 

 1,610 

 1,314 

 2,675 

 2,670 

 5,345 

 1,548 

 10/01/97 

 Madison Heights 

 - 

 428 

 1,686 

 4,222 

 473 

 5,863 

 6,336 

 2,260 

 10/01/97 

 LAX / Imperial 

 - 

 1,662 

 2,079 

 1,471 

 1,836 

 3,376 

 5,212 

 2,052 

 10/01/97 

 Justice / Industrial 

 - 

 233 

 1,181 

 875 

 258 

 2,031 

 2,289 

 1,174 

 10/01/97 

 Burbank / San Fernando 

 - 

 1,825 

 2,210 

 1,617 

 2,016 

 3,636 

 5,652 

 2,182 

 10/01/97 

 Pinole / Appian Way 

 - 

 728 

 1,827 

 1,263 

 804 

 3,014 

 3,818 

 1,797 

 10/01/97 

 Denver / Tamarac Park 

 - 

 2,545 

 1,692 

 2,107 

 2,812 

 3,532 

 6,344 

 2,080 

 10/01/97 

 Gresham / Powell 

 - 

 322 

 1,298 

 960 

 356 

 2,224 

 2,580 

 1,291 

 10/01/97 

 Warren / Mound Road 

 - 

 268 

 1,025 

 829 

 296 

 1,826 

 2,122 

 1,039 

 10/01/97 

 Woodside/Brooklyn 

 - 

 5,016 

 3,950 

 5,270 

 5,542 

 8,694 

 14,236 

 4,976 

 10/01/97 

 Enfield / Elm Street 

 - 

 399 

 1,900 

 1,484 

 441 

 3,342 

 3,783 

 1,930 

 10/01/97 

 Roselle / Lake Street 

 - 

 312 

 1,411 

 1,091 

 344 

 2,470 

 2,814 

 1,424 

 10/01/97 

 Milwaukee / Appleton 

 - 

 324 

 1,385 

 1,120 

 358 

 2,471 

 2,829 

 1,429 

 F-58 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/97 

 Emeryville / Bay St 

 - 

 1,602 

 1,830 

 1,389 

 1,770 

 3,051 

 4,821 

 1,878 

 10/01/97 

 Monterey / Del Rey 

 - 

 257 

 1,048 

 863 

 284 

 1,884 

 2,168 

 1,039 

 10/01/97 

 San Leandro / Washington 

 - 

 660 

 1,142 

 915 

 730 

 1,987 

 2,717 

 1,168 

 10/01/97 

 Boca Raton / N.W. 20 

 - 

 1,140 

 2,256 

 1,869 

 1,259 

 4,006 

 5,265 

 2,121 

 10/01/97 

 Washington Dc/So Capital 

 - 

 1,437 

 4,489 

 3,215 

 1,588 

 7,553 

 9,141 

 3,760 

 10/01/97 

 Lynn / Lynnway 

 - 

 463 

 3,059 

 2,827 

 511 

 5,838 

 6,349 

 3,142 

 10/01/97 

 Pompano Beach 

 - 

 1,077 

 1,527 

 1,924 

 1,190 

 3,338 

 4,528 

 1,694 

 10/01/97 

 Lake Oswego/ N.State 

 - 

 465 

 1,956 

 1,305 

 514 

 3,212 

 3,726 

 1,644 

 10/01/97 

 Daly City / Mission 

 - 

 389 

 2,921 

 1,735 

 430 

 4,615 

 5,045 

 2,458 

 10/01/97 

 Odenton / Route 175 

 - 

 456 

 2,104 

 1,613 

 504 

 3,669 

 4,173 

 1,959 

 10/01/97 

 Novato / Landing 

 - 

 2,416 

 3,496 

 2,727 

 2,904 

 5,735 

 8,639 

 3,511 

 10/01/97 

 St. Louis / Lindberg 

 - 

 584 

 1,508 

 1,179 

 728 

 2,543 

 3,271 

 1,657 

 10/01/97 

 Oakland/International 

 - 

 358 

 1,568 

 1,322 

 475 

 2,773 

 3,248 

 1,680 

 10/01/97 

 Stockton / March Lane 

 - 

 663 

 1,398 

 989 

 811 

 2,239 

 3,050 

 1,456 

 10/01/97 

 Des Plaines / Golf Rd 

 - 

 1,363 

 3,093 

 1,560 

 1,630 

 4,386 

 6,016 

 2,759 

 10/01/97 

 Morton Grove / Wauke 

 - 

 2,658 

 3,232 

 7,345 

 3,110 

 10,125 

 13,235 

 4,961 

 10/01/97 

 Los Angeles / Jefferson 

 - 

 1,090 

 1,580 

 1,133 

 1,323 

 2,480 

 3,803 

 1,499 

 10/01/97 

 Los Angeles / Martin 

 - 

 869 

 1,152 

 901 

 1,066 

 1,856 

 2,922 

 1,127 

 10/01/97 

 San Leandro / E. 14th 

 - 

 627 

 1,289 

 968 

 775 

 2,109 

 2,884 

 1,257 

 10/01/97 

 Tucson / Tanque Verde 

 - 

 345 

 1,709 

 1,125 

 469 

 2,710 

 3,179 

 1,729 

 10/01/97 

 Randolph / Warren St 

 - 

 2,330 

 1,914 

 2,111 

 2,719 

 3,636 

 6,355 

 2,045 

 10/01/97 

 Forrestville / Penn. 

 - 

 1,056 

 2,347 

 1,535 

 1,312 

 3,626 

 4,938 

 2,313 

 10/01/97 

 Bridgeport 

 - 

 4,877 

 2,739 

 2,771 

 5,612 

 4,775 

 10,387 

 2,967 

 10/01/97 

 North Hollywood/Vine 

 - 

 906 

 2,379 

 1,526 

 1,166 

 3,645 

 4,811 

 2,184 

 10/01/97 

 Santa Cruz / Portola 

 - 

 535 

 1,526 

 1,010 

 689 

 2,382 

 3,071 

 1,443 

 10/01/97 

 Hyde Park / River St 

 - 

 626 

 1,748 

 1,689 

 759 

 3,304 

 4,063 

 2,026 

 10/01/97 

 Dublin / San Ramon Rd 

 - 

 942 

 1,999 

 1,163 

 1,119 

 2,985 

 4,104 

 1,813 

 10/01/97 

 Vallejo / Humboldt 

 - 

 473 

 1,651 

 1,021 

 620 

 2,525 

 3,145 

 1,556 

 10/01/97 

 Fremont/Warm Springs 

 - 

 848 

 2,885 

 1,556 

 1,072 

 4,217 

 5,289 

 2,571 

 10/01/97 

 Seattle / Stone Way 

 - 

 829 

 2,180 

 1,558 

 1,078 

 3,489 

 4,567 

 2,091 

 10/01/97 

 W. Olympia 

 - 

 149 

 1,096 

 948 

 209 

 1,984 

 2,193 

 1,174 

 10/01/97 

 Mercer/Parkside Ave 

 - 

 359 

 1,763 

 1,359 

 503 

 2,978 

 3,481 

 1,761 

 10/01/97 

 Bridge Water / Main 

 - 

 445 

 2,054 

 1,324 

 576 

 3,247 

 3,823 

 1,914 

 F-59 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/97 

 Norwalk / Hoyt Street 

 - 

 2,369 

 3,049 

 2,152 

 2,793 

 4,777 

 7,570 

 2,932 

 11/02/97 

 Lansing 

 - 

 758 

 1,768 

 12 

 730 

 1,808 

 2,538 

 1,201 

 11/07/97 

 Phoenix 

 - 

 1,197 

 2,793 

 418 

 1,197 

 3,211 

 4,408 

 2,051 

 11/13/97 

 Tinley Park 

 - 

 1,422 

 3,319 

 268 

 1,422 

 3,587 

 5,009 

 2,195 

 03/17/98 

 Houston/De Soto Dr. 

 - 

 659 

 1,537 

 313 

 659 

 1,850 

 2,509 

 1,194 

 03/17/98 

 Houston / East Freeway 

 - 

 593 

 1,384 

 649 

 593 

 2,033 

 2,626 

 1,416 

 03/17/98 

 Austin/Ben White 

 - 

 692 

 1,614 

 259 

 682 

 1,883 

 2,565 

 1,173 

 03/17/98 

 Arlington/E.Pioneer 

 - 

 922 

 2,152 

 401 

 922 

 2,553 

 3,475 

 1,635 

 03/17/98 

 Las Vegas/Tropicana 

 - 

 1,285 

 2,998 

 381 

 1,285 

 3,379 

 4,664 

 2,053 

 03/17/98 

 Branford / Summit Place 

 - 

 728 

 1,698 

 502 

 727 

 2,201 

 2,928 

 1,360 

 03/17/98 

 Las Vegas / Charleston 

 - 

 791 

 1,845 

 260 

 791 

 2,105 

 2,896 

 1,274 

 03/17/98 

 So. San Francisco 

 - 

 1,550 

 3,617 

 321 

 1,550 

 3,938 

 5,488 

 2,435 

 03/17/98 

 Pasadena / Arroyo Prkwy 

 - 

 3,005 

 7,012 

 999 

 3,004 

 8,012 

 11,016 

 5,064 

 03/17/98 

 Tempe / E. Broadway 

 - 

 633 

 1,476 

 430 

 633 

 1,906 

 2,539 

 1,280 

 03/17/98 

 Phoenix / N. 43rd Ave 

 - 

 443 

 1,033 

 442 

 443 

 1,475 

 1,918 

 1,009 

 03/17/98 

 Phoenix/No. 43rd 

 - 

 380 

 886 

 829 

 380 

 1,715 

 2,095 

 1,132 

 03/17/98 

 Phoenix / Black Canyon 

 - 

 380 

 886 

 365 

 380 

 1,251 

 1,631 

 837 

 03/17/98 

 Phoenix/Black Canyon 

 - 

 136 

 317 

 261 

 136 

 578 

 714 

 433 

 03/17/98 

 Nesconset / Southern 

 - 

 1,423 

 3,321 

 560 

 1,423 

 3,881 

 5,304 

 2,431 

 04/01/98 

 St. Louis / Hwy. 141 

 - 

 659 

 1,628 

 4,678 

 1,344 

 5,621 

 6,965 

 3,258 

 04/01/98 

 Island Park / Austin 

 - 

 2,313 

 3,015 

 (181) 

 1,374 

 3,773 

 5,147 

 2,395 

 04/01/98 

 Akron / Brittain Rd. 

 - 

 275 

 2,248 

 431 

 669 

 2,285 

 2,954 

 1,345 

 04/01/98 

 Patchogue/W.Sunrise 

 - 

 936 

 2,184 

 485 

 936 

 2,669 

 3,605 

 1,693 

 04/01/98 

 Havertown/West Chester 

 - 

 1,254 

 2,926 

 334 

 1,249 

 3,265 

 4,514 

 1,999 

 04/01/98 

 Schiller Park/River 

 - 

 568 

 1,390 

 264 

 568 

 1,654 

 2,222 

 1,029 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago / Cuyler 

 - 

 1,400 

 2,695 

 382 

 1,400 

 3,077 

 4,477 

 1,971 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago Heights/West 

 - 

 468 

 1,804 

 355 

 468 

 2,159 

 2,627 

 1,391 

 04/01/98 

 Arlington Hts/University 

 - 

 670 

 3,004 

 359 

 670 

 3,363 

 4,033 

 2,104 

 04/01/98 

 Cicero / Ogden 

 - 

 1,678 

 2,266 

 847 

 1,677 

 3,114 

 4,791 

 1,905 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/W. Howard St. 

 - 

 974 

 2,875 

 1,204 

 974 

 4,079 

 5,053 

 2,534 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/N. Western Ave 

 - 

 1,453 

 3,205 

 517 

 1,453 

 3,722 

 5,175 

 2,391 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/Northwest Hwy 

 - 

 925 

 2,412 

 241 

 925 

 2,653 

 3,578 

 1,638 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/N. Wells St. 

 - 

 1,446 

 2,828 

 254 

 1,446 

 3,082 

 4,528 

 1,962 

 F-60 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago / Pulaski Rd. 

 - 

 1,276 

 2,858 

 278 

 1,276 

 3,136 

 4,412 

 1,976 

 04/01/98 

 Artesia / Artesia 

 - 

 625 

 1,419 

 289 

 625 

 1,708 

 2,333 

 1,180 

 04/01/98 

 Arcadia / Lower Azusa 

 - 

 821 

 1,369 

 351 

 821 

 1,720 

 2,541 

 1,242 

 04/01/98 

 Manassas / Centreville 

 - 

 405 

 2,137 

 449 

 405 

 2,586 

 2,991 

 1,848 

 04/01/98 

 La Downtwn/10 Fwy 

 - 

 1,608 

 3,358 

 357 

 1,607 

 3,716 

 5,323 

 2,593 

 04/01/98 

 Bellevue / Northup 

 - 

 1,232 

 3,306 

 657 

 1,231 

 3,964 

 5,195 

 2,847 

 04/01/98 

 Hollywood/Cole & Wilshire 

 - 

 1,590 

 1,785 

 237 

 1,590 

 2,022 

 3,612 

 1,387 

 04/01/98 

 Atlanta/John Wesley 

 - 

 1,233 

 1,665 

 536 

 1,233 

 2,201 

 3,434 

 1,591 

 04/01/98 

 Montebello/S. Maple 

 - 

 1,274 

 2,299 

 190 

 1,273 

 2,490 

 3,763 

 1,719 

 04/01/98 

 Lake City/Forest Park 

 - 

 248 

 1,445 

 264 

 248 

 1,709 

 1,957 

 1,161 

 04/01/98 

 Baltimore / W. Patap 

 - 

 403 

 2,650 

 322 

 402 

 2,973 

 3,375 

 2,017 

 04/01/98 

 Fraser/Groesbeck Hwy 

 - 

 368 

 1,796 

 201 

 368 

 1,997 

 2,365 

 1,374 

 04/01/98 

 Vallejo / Mini Drive 

 - 

 560 

 1,803 

 177 

 560 

 1,980 

 2,540 

 1,354 

 04/01/98 

 San Diego/54th & Euclid 

 - 

 952 

 2,550 

 548 

 952 

 3,098 

 4,050 

 2,251 

 04/01/98 

 Miami / 5th Street 

 - 

 2,327 

 3,234 

 470 

 2,327 

 3,704 

 6,031 

 2,660 

 04/01/98 

 Silver Spring/Hill 

 - 

 922 

 2,080 

 253 

 921 

 2,334 

 3,255 

 1,678 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/E. 95th St. 

 - 

 397 

 2,357 

 337 

 397 

 2,694 

 3,091 

 1,931 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago / S. Harlem 

 - 

 791 

 1,424 

 232 

 791 

 1,656 

 2,447 

 1,189 

 04/01/98 

 St. Charles /Highway 

 - 

 623 

 1,501 

 318 

 623 

 1,819 

 2,442 

 1,322 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/Burr Ridge Rd. 

 - 

 421 

 2,165 

 377 

 421 

 2,542 

 2,963 

 1,896 

 04/01/98 

 Yonkers / Route 9a 

 - 

 1,722 

 3,823 

 598 

 1,722 

 4,421 

 6,143 

 3,160 

 04/01/98 

 Silverlake/Glendale 

 - 

 2,314 

 5,481 

 347 

 2,313 

 5,829 

 8,142 

 4,191 

 04/01/98 

 Chicago/Harlem Ave 

 - 

 1,430 

 3,038 

 439 

 1,430 

 3,477 

 4,907 

 2,488 

 04/01/98 

 Bethesda / Butler Rd 

 - 

 1,146 

 2,509 

 162 

 1,146 

 2,671 

 3,817 

 1,852 

 04/01/98 

 Dundalk / Wise Ave 

 - 

 447 

 2,005 

 330 

 447 

 2,335 

 2,782 

 1,613 

 04/01/98 

 St. Louis / Hwy. 141 

 - 

 659 

 1,628 

 171 

 659 

 1,799 

 2,458 

 1,303 

 04/01/98 

 Island Park / Austin 

 - 

 2,313 

 3,015 

 1,188 

 2,313 

 4,203 

 6,516 

 2,839 

 04/01/98 

 Dallas / Kingsly 

 - 

 1,095 

 1,712 

 317 

 1,095 

 2,029 

 3,124 

 1,397 

 05/01/98 

 Berkeley / 2nd St. 

 - 

 1,914 

 4,466 

 6,946 

 1,837 

 11,489 

 13,326 

 4,918 

 05/08/98 

 Cleveland / W. 117th 

 - 

 930 

 2,277 

 629 

 930 

 2,906 

 3,836 

 1,793 

 05/08/98 

 La /Venice Blvd 

 - 

 1,470 

 3,599 

 190 

 1,470 

 3,789 

 5,259 

 2,289 

 05/08/98 

 Aurora / Farnsworth 

 - 

 960 

 2,350 

 239 

 960 

 2,589 

 3,549 

 1,548 

 05/08/98 

 Santa Rosa / Hopper 

 - 

 1,020 

 2,497 

 291 

 1,020 

 2,788 

 3,808 

 1,700 

 F-61 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 05/08/98 

 Golden Valley / Winn 

 - 

 630 

 1,542 

 304 

 630 

 1,846 

 2,476 

 1,153 

 05/08/98 

 St. Louis / Benham 

 - 

 810 

 1,983 

 300 

 810 

 2,283 

 3,093 

 1,430 

 05/08/98 

 Chicago / S. Chicago 

 - 

 840 

 2,057 

 277 

 840 

 2,334 

 3,174 

 1,447 

 10/01/98 

 El Segundo / Sepulveda 

 - 

 6,586 

 5,795 

 677 

 6,585 

 6,473 

 13,058 

 3,902 

 10/01/98 

 Atlanta / Memorial Dr. 

 - 

 414 

 2,239 

 467 

 414 

 2,706 

 3,120 

 1,705 

 10/01/98 

 Chicago / W. 79th St 

 - 

 861 

 2,789 

 506 

 861 

 3,295 

 4,156 

 2,035 

 10/01/98 

 Chicago / N. Broadway 

 - 

 1,918 

 3,824 

 678 

 1,917 

 4,503 

 6,420 

 2,824 

 10/01/98 

 Dallas / Greenville 

 - 

 1,933 

 2,892 

 303 

 1,933 

 3,195 

 5,128 

 1,922 

 10/01/98 

 Tacoma / Orchard 

 - 

 358 

 1,987 

 289 

 358 

 2,276 

 2,634 

 1,409 

 10/01/98 

 St. Louis / Gravois 

 - 

 312 

 2,327 

 499 

 312 

 2,826 

 3,138 

 1,793 

 10/01/98 

 White Bear Lake 

 - 

 578 

 2,079 

 336 

 578 

 2,415 

 2,993 

 1,490 

 10/01/98 

 Santa Cruz / Soquel 

 - 

 832 

 2,385 

 209 

 832 

 2,594 

 3,426 

 1,570 

 10/01/98 

 Coon Rapids / Hwy 10 

 - 

 330 

 1,646 

 271 

 330 

 1,917 

 2,247 

 1,158 

 10/01/98 

 Oxnard / Hueneme Rd 

 - 

 923 

 3,925 

 335 

 923 

 4,260 

 5,183 

 2,571 

 10/01/98 

 Vancouver/ Millplain 

 - 

 343 

 2,000 

 163 

 342 

 2,164 

 2,506 

 1,324 

 10/01/98 

 Tigard / Mc Ewan 

 - 

 597 

 1,652 

 114 

 597 

 1,766 

 2,363 

 1,074 

 10/01/98 

 Griffith / Cline 

 - 

 299 

 2,118 

 237 

 299 

 2,355 

 2,654 

 1,416 

 10/01/98 

 Miami / Sunset Drive 

 - 

 1,656 

 2,321 

 1,849 

 2,266 

 3,560 

 5,826 

 2,026 

 10/01/98 

 Farmington / 9 Mile 

 - 

 580 

 2,526 

 424 

 580 

 2,950 

 3,530 

 1,842 

 10/01/98 

 Los Gatos / University 

 - 

 2,234 

 3,890 

 315 

 2,234 

 4,205 

 6,439 

 2,527 

 10/01/98 

 N. Hollywood 

 - 

 1,484 

 3,143 

 179 

 1,484 

 3,322 

 4,806 

 1,982 

 10/01/98 

 Petaluma / Transport 

 - 

 460 

 1,840 

 5,223 

 857 

 6,666 

 7,523 

 3,294 

 10/01/98 

 Chicago / 111th 

 - 

 341 

 2,898 

 2,395 

 431 

 5,203 

 5,634 

 2,765 

 10/01/98 

 Upper Darby / Market 

 - 

 808 

 5,011 

 609 

 808 

 5,620 

 6,428 

 3,381 

 10/01/98 

 San Jose / Santa 

 - 

 966 

 3,870 

 254 

 966 

 4,124 

 5,090 

 2,468 

 10/01/98 

 San Diego / Morena 

 - 

 3,173 

 5,469 

 386 

 3,173 

 5,855 

 9,028 

 3,522 

 10/01/98 

 Brooklyn /Rockaway Ave 

 - 

 6,272 

 9,691 

 6,904 

 7,337 

 15,530 

 22,867 

 7,070 

 10/01/98 

 Revere / Charger St 

 - 

 1,997 

 3,727 

 1,246 

 1,996 

 4,974 

 6,970 

 3,090 

 10/01/98 

 Las Vegas / E. Charles 

 - 

 602 

 2,545 

 453 

 602 

 2,998 

 3,600 

 1,858 

 10/01/98 

 Laurel / Baltimore Ave 

 - 

 1,899 

 4,498 

 304 

 1,899 

 4,802 

 6,701 

 2,887 

 10/01/98 

 East La/Figueroa & 4th 

 - 

 1,213 

 2,689 

 200 

 1,213 

 2,889 

 4,102 

 1,750 

 10/01/98 

 Oldsmar / Tampa Road 

 - 

 760 

 2,154 

 3,013 

 1,049 

 4,878 

 5,927 

 2,687 

 10/01/98 

 Ft. Lauderdale /S.W. 

 - 

 1,046 

 2,928 

 498 

 1,046 

 3,426 

 4,472 

 2,149 

 F-62 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/01/98 

 Miami / Nw 73rd St 

 - 

 1,050 

 3,064 

 257 

 1,049 

 3,322 

 4,371 

 2,085 

 12/09/98 

 Miami / Nw 115th Ave 

 - 

 1,095 

 2,349 

 5,040 

 1,185 

 7,299 

 8,484 

 2,724 

 01/01/99 

 New Orleans/St.Charles 

 - 

 1,463 

 2,634 

 (177) 

 1,039 

 2,881 

 3,920 

 1,756 

 01/06/99 

 Brandon / E. Brandon Blvd 

 - 

 1,560 

 3,695 

 228 

 1,560 

 3,923 

 5,483 

 2,152 

 03/12/99 

 St. Louis / N. Lindbergh Blvd. 

 - 

 1,688 

 3,939 

 593 

 1,688 

 4,532 

 6,220 

 2,735 

 03/12/99 

 St. Louis /Vandeventer Midtown 

 - 

 699 

 1,631 

 581 

 699 

 2,212 

 2,911 

 1,386 

 03/12/99 

 St. Ann / Maryland Heights 

 - 

 1,035 

 2,414 

 686 

 1,035 

 3,100 

 4,135 

 1,823 

 03/12/99 

 Florissant / N. Hwy 67 

 - 

 971 

 2,265 

 383 

 971 

 2,648 

 3,619 

 1,593 

 03/12/99 

 Ferguson Area-W.Florissant 

 - 

 1,194 

 2,732 

 734 

 1,178 

 3,482 

 4,660 

 2,163 

 03/12/99 

 Florissant / New Halls Ferry Rd 

 - 

 1,144 

 2,670 

 764 

 1,144 

 3,434 

 4,578 

 2,242 

 03/12/99 

 St. Louis / Airport 

 - 

 785 

 1,833 

 418 

 785 

 2,251 

 3,036 

 1,376 

 03/12/99 

 St. Louis/ S.Third St 

 - 

 1,096 

 2,557 

 289 

 1,096 

 2,846 

 3,942 

 1,649 

 03/12/99 

 Kansas City / E. 47th St. 

 - 

 610 

 1,424 

 473 

 610 

 1,897 

 2,507 

 1,100 

 03/12/99 

 Kansas City /E. 67th Terrace 

 - 

 1,136 

 2,643 

 511 

 1,134 

 3,156 

 4,290 

 1,891 

 03/12/99 

 Kansas City / James A. Reed Rd 

 - 

 749 

 1,748 

 289 

 749 

 2,037 

 2,786 

 1,185 

 03/12/99 

 Independence / 291 

 - 

 871 

 2,032 

 353 

 871 

 2,385 

 3,256 

 1,387 

 03/12/99 

 Raytown / Woodson Rd 

 - 

 915 

 2,134 

 293 

 914 

 2,428 

 3,342 

 1,420 

 03/12/99 

 Kansas City / 34th Main Street 

 - 

 114 

 2,599 

 1,202 

 114 

 3,801 

 3,915 

 2,317 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / River Dr 

 - 

 671 

 1,566 

 406 

 671 

 1,972 

 2,643 

 1,227 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / Buckner Rd 

 - 

 714 

 1,665 

 537 

 713 

 2,203 

 2,916 

 1,384 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / Decker Park Rd 

 - 

 605 

 1,412 

 206 

 605 

 1,618 

 2,223 

 950 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / Rosewood Dr 

 - 

 777 

 1,814 

 326 

 777 

 2,140 

 2,917 

 1,208 

 03/12/99 

 W. Columbia / Orchard Dr. 

 - 

 272 

 634 

 334 

 272 

 968 

 1,240 

 618 

 03/12/99 

 W. Columbia / Airport Blvd 

 - 

 493 

 1,151 

 324 

 493 

 1,475 

 1,968 

 916 

 03/12/99 

 Greenville / Whitehorse Rd 

 - 

 882 

 2,058 

 296 

 882 

 2,354 

 3,236 

 1,425 

 03/12/99 

 Greenville / Woods Lake Rd 

 - 

 364 

 849 

 241 

 364 

 1,090 

 1,454 

 681 

 03/12/99 

 Mauldin / N. Main Street 

 - 

 571 

 1,333 

 337 

 571 

 1,670 

 2,241 

 1,048 

 03/12/99 

 Simpsonville / Grand View Dr 

 - 

 582 

 1,358 

 236 

 574 

 1,602 

 2,176 

 938 

 03/12/99 

 Taylors / Wade Hampton Blvd 

 - 

 650 

 1,517 

 291 

 650 

 1,808 

 2,458 

 1,072 

 03/12/99 

 Charleston/Ashley Phosphate 

 - 

 839 

 1,950 

 583 

 823 

 2,549 

 3,372 

 1,537 

 03/12/99 

 N. Charleston / Dorchester Rd 

 - 

 380 

 886 

 310 

 379 

 1,197 

 1,576 

 719 

 03/12/99 

 N. Charleston / Dorchester 

 - 

 487 

 1,137 

 355 

 487 

 1,492 

 1,979 

 928 

 03/12/99 

 Charleston / Sam Rittenberg Blvd 

 - 

 555 

 1,296 

 267 

 555 

 1,563 

 2,118 

 920 

 F-63 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/12/99 

 Hilton Head / Office Park Rd 

 - 

 1,279 

 2,985 

 292 

 1,279 

 3,277 

 4,556 

 1,916 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / Plumbers Rd 

 - 

 368 

 858 

 355 

 368 

 1,213 

 1,581 

 757 

 03/12/99 

 Greenville / Pineknoll Rd 

 - 

 927 

 2,163 

 365 

 927 

 2,528 

 3,455 

 1,483 

 03/12/99 

 Hilton Head / Yacht Cove Dr 

 - 

 1,182 

 2,753 

 130 

 826 

 3,239 

 4,065 

 1,954 

 03/12/99 

 Spartanburg / Chesnee Hwy 

 - 

 533 

 1,244 

 790 

 480 

 2,087 

 2,567 

 1,398 

 03/12/99 

 Charleston / Ashley River Rd 

 - 

 1,114 

 2,581 

 268 

 1,108 

 2,855 

 3,963 

 1,712 

 03/12/99 

 Columbia / Broad River 

 - 

 1,463 

 3,413 

 581 

 1,463 

 3,994 

 5,457 

 2,388 

 03/12/99 

 Charlotte / East Wt Harris Blvd 

 - 

 736 

 1,718 

 371 

 736 

 2,089 

 2,825 

 1,239 

 03/12/99 

 Charlotte / North Tryon St. 

 - 

 708 

 1,653 

 728 

 708 

 2,381 

 3,089 

 1,580 

 03/12/99 

 Charlotte / South Blvd 

 - 

 641 

 1,496 

 339 

 641 

 1,835 

 2,476 

 1,113 

 03/12/99 

 Kannapolis / Oregon St 

 - 

 463 

 1,081 

 277 

 463 

 1,358 

 1,821 

 852 

 03/12/99 

 Durham / E. Club Blvd 

 - 

 947 

 2,209 

 263 

 947 

 2,472 

 3,419 

 1,477 

 03/12/99 

 Durham / N. Duke St. 

 - 

 769 

 1,794 

 270 

 769 

 2,064 

 2,833 

 1,207 

 03/12/99 

 Raleigh / Maitland Dr 

 - 

 679 

 1,585 

 383 

 679 

 1,968 

 2,647 

 1,248 

 03/12/99 

 Greensboro / O'henry Blvd 

 - 

 577 

 1,345 

 541 

 577 

 1,886 

 2,463 

 1,246 

 03/12/99 

 Gastonia / S. York Rd 

 - 

 467 

 1,089 

 321 

 466 

 1,411 

 1,877 

 893 

 03/12/99 

 Durham / Kangaroo Dr. 

 - 

 1,102 

 2,572 

 622 

 1,102 

 3,194 

 4,296 

 2,031 

 03/12/99 

 Pensacola / Brent Lane 

 - 

 402 

 938 

 87 

 229 

 1,198 

 1,427 

 750 

 03/12/99 

 Pensacola / Creighton Road 

 - 

 454 

 1,060 

 314 

 454 

 1,374 

 1,828 

 938 

 03/12/99 

 Jacksonville / Park Avenue 

 - 

 905 

 2,113 

 363 

 905 

 2,476 

 3,381 

 1,471 

 03/12/99 

 Jacksonville / Phillips Hwy 

 - 

 665 

 1,545 

 725 

 663 

 2,272 

 2,935 

 1,396 

 03/12/99 

 Clearwater / Highland Ave 

 - 

 724 

 1,690 

 409 

 724 

 2,099 

 2,823 

 1,275 

 03/12/99 

 Tarpon Springs / Us Highway 19 

 - 

 892 

 2,081 

 518 

 892 

 2,599 

 3,491 

 1,584 

 03/12/99 

 Orlando /S. Orange Blossom Trail 

 - 

 1,229 

 2,867 

 384 

 1,228 

 3,252 

 4,480 

 1,965 

 03/12/99 

 Casselberry Ii 

 - 

 1,160 

 2,708 

 385 

 1,160 

 3,093 

 4,253 

 1,840 

 03/12/99 

 Miami / Nw 14th Street 

 - 

 1,739 

 4,058 

 361 

 1,739 

 4,419 

 6,158 

 2,573 

 03/12/99 

 Tarpon Springs / Highway 19 

 - 

 1,179 

 2,751 

 462 

 1,179 

 3,213 

 4,392 

 2,018 

 03/12/99 

 Ft. Myers / Tamiami Trail South 

 - 

 834 

 1,945 

 (166) 

 834 

 1,779 

 2,613 

 1,150 

 03/12/99 

 Jacksonville / Ft. Caroline Rd. 

 - 

 1,037 

 2,420 

 485 

 1,037 

 2,905 

 3,942 

 1,726 

 03/12/99 

 Orlando / South Semoran 

 - 

 565 

 1,319 

 167 

 565 

 1,486 

 2,051 

 888 

 03/12/99 

 Jacksonville / Southside Blvd. 

 - 

 1,278 

 2,982 

 530 

 1,278 

 3,512 

 4,790 

 2,161 

 03/12/99 

 Miami / Nw 7th Ave 

 - 

 783 

 1,827 

 4,852 

 785 

 6,677 

 7,462 

 2,342 

 03/12/99 

 Vero Beach / Us Hwy 1 

 - 

 678 

 1,583 

 242 

 678 

 1,825 

 2,503 

 1,153 

 F-64 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/12/99 

 Ponte Vedra / Palm Valley Rd. 

 - 

 745 

 2,749 

 907 

 745 

 3,656 

 4,401 

 2,263 

 03/12/99 

 Miami Lakes / Nw 153rd St. 

 - 

 425 

 992 

 301 

 425 

 1,293 

 1,718 

 798 

 03/12/99 

 Deerfield Beach / Sw 10th St. 

 - 

 1,844 

 4,302 

 202 

 1,843 

 4,505 

 6,348 

 2,569 

 03/12/99 

 Apopka / S. Orange Blossom 

 - 

 307 

 717 

 399 

 307 

 1,116 

 1,423 

 727 

 03/12/99 

 Davie / University 

 - 

 313 

 4,379 

 755 

 313 

 5,134 

 5,447 

 3,109 

 03/12/99 

 Arlington / Division 

 - 

 998 

 2,328 

 327 

 997 

 2,656 

 3,653 

 1,523 

 03/12/99 

 Duncanville/S.Cedar Ridge 

 - 

 1,477 

 3,447 

 602 

 1,477 

 4,049 

 5,526 

 2,350 

 03/12/99 

 Carrollton / Trinity Mills West 

 - 

 530 

 1,237 

 204 

 530 

 1,441 

 1,971 

 842 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Wallisville Rd. 

 - 

 744 

 1,736 

 276 

 744 

 2,012 

 2,756 

 1,212 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Fondren South 

 - 

 647 

 1,510 

 263 

 647 

 1,773 

 2,420 

 1,071 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Addicks Satsuma 

 - 

 409 

 954 

 449 

 409 

 1,403 

 1,812 

 833 

 03/12/99 

 Addison / Inwood Road 

 - 

 1,204 

 2,808 

 226 

 1,203 

 3,035 

 4,238 

 1,751 

 03/12/99 

 Garland / Jackson Drive 

 - 

 755 

 1,761 

 209 

 755 

 1,970 

 2,725 

 1,148 

 03/12/99 

 Garland / Buckingham Road 

 - 

 492 

 1,149 

 218 

 492 

 1,367 

 1,859 

 834 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / South Main 

 - 

 1,461 

 3,409 

 469 

 1,461 

 3,878 

 5,339 

 2,244 

 03/12/99 

 Plano / Parker Road-Avenue K 

 - 

 1,517 

 3,539 

 358 

 1,516 

 3,898 

 5,414 

 2,274 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Bingle Road 

 - 

 576 

 1,345 

 492 

 576 

 1,837 

 2,413 

 1,136 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Mangum Road 

 - 

 737 

 1,719 

 479 

 737 

 2,198 

 2,935 

 1,370 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Hayes Road 

 - 

 916 

 2,138 

 346 

 916 

 2,484 

 3,400 

 1,401 

 03/12/99 

 Katy / Dominion Drive 

 - 

 995 

 2,321 

 171 

 994 

 2,493 

 3,487 

 1,403 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Fm 1960 West 

 - 

 513 

 1,198 

 384 

 513 

 1,582 

 2,095 

 1,020 

 03/12/99 

 Webster / Fm 528 Road 

 - 

 756 

 1,764 

 204 

 756 

 1,968 

 2,724 

 1,149 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Loch Katrine Lane 

 - 

 580 

 1,352 

 354 

 579 

 1,707 

 2,286 

 1,001 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Milwee St. 

 - 

 779 

 1,815 

 430 

 778 

 2,246 

 3,024 

 1,373 

 03/12/99 

 Lewisville / Highway 121 

 - 

 688 

 1,605 

 240 

 688 

 1,845 

 2,533 

 1,113 

 03/12/99 

 Richardson / Central Expressway 

 - 

 465 

 1,085 

 274 

 465 

 1,359 

 1,824 

 828 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Hwy 6 South 

 - 

 569 

 1,328 

 193 

 569 

 1,521 

 2,090 

 897 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / Westheimer West 

 - 

 1,075 

 2,508 

 168 

 1,075 

 2,676 

 3,751 

 1,511 

 03/12/99 

 Ft. Worth / Granbury Road 

 - 

 763 

 1,781 

 252 

 763 

 2,033 

 2,796 

 1,153 

 03/12/99 

 Houston / New Castle 

 - 

 2,346 

 5,473 

 1,503 

 2,345 

 6,977 

 9,322 

 3,846 

 03/12/99 

 Dallas / Inwood Road 

 - 

 1,478 

 3,448 

 237 

 1,477 

 3,686 

 5,163 

 2,097 

 03/12/99 

 Fort Worth / Loop 820 North 

 - 

 729 

 1,702 

 433 

 729 

 2,135 

 2,864 

 1,351 

 03/12/99 

 Arlington / Cooper St 

 - 

 779 

 1,818 

 253 

 779 

 2,071 

 2,850 

 1,204 

 F-65 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/12/99 

 Webster / Highway 3 

 - 

 677 

 1,580 

 252 

 677 

 1,832 

 2,509 

 1,061 

 03/12/99 

 Augusta / Peach Orchard Rd 

 - 

 860 

 2,007 

 529 

 860 

 2,536 

 3,396 

 1,542 

 03/12/99 

 Martinez / Old Petersburg Rd 

 - 

 407 

 950 

 324 

 407 

 1,274 

 1,681 

 799 

 03/12/99 

 Jonesboro / Tara Blvd 

 - 

 785 

 1,827 

 576 

 784 

 2,404 

 3,188 

 1,456 

 03/12/99 

 Atlanta / Briarcliff Rd 

 - 

 2,171 

 5,066 

 572 

 2,171 

 5,638 

 7,809 

 3,217 

 03/12/99 

 Decatur / N Decatur Rd 

 - 

 933 

 2,177 

 504 

 933 

 2,681 

 3,614 

 1,601 

 03/12/99 

 Douglasville / Westmoreland 

 - 

 453 

 1,056 

 290 

 453 

 1,346 

 1,799 

 863 

 03/12/99 

 Doraville / Mcelroy Rd 

 - 

 827 

 1,931 

 402 

 827 

 2,333 

 3,160 

 1,423 

 03/12/99 

 Roswell / Alpharetta 

 - 

 1,772 

 4,135 

 327 

 1,772 

 4,462 

 6,234 

 2,598 

 03/12/99 

 Douglasville / Duralee Lane 

 - 

 533 

 1,244 

 360 

 533 

 1,604 

 2,137 

 956 

 03/12/99 

 Douglasville / Highway 5 

 - 

 804 

 1,875 

 831 

 804 

 2,706 

 3,510 

 1,704 

 03/12/99 

 Forest Park / Jonesboro 

 - 

 659 

 1,537 

 357 

 658 

 1,895 

 2,553 

 1,130 

 03/12/99 

 Marietta / Whitlock 

 - 

 1,016 

 2,370 

 303 

 1,016 

 2,673 

 3,689 

 1,562 

 03/12/99 

 Marietta / Cobb 

 - 

 727 

 1,696 

 581 

 727 

 2,277 

 3,004 

 1,481 

 03/12/99 

 Norcross / Jones Mill Rd 

 - 

 1,142 

 2,670 

 343 

 1,142 

 3,013 

 4,155 

 1,742 

 03/12/99 

 Norcross / Dawson Blvd 

 - 

 1,232 

 2,874 

 784 

 1,231 

 3,659 

 4,890 

 2,220 

 03/12/99 

 Forest Park / Old Dixie Hwy 

 - 

 895 

 2,070 

 635 

 889 

 2,711 

 3,600 

 1,712 

 03/12/99 

 Decatur / Covington 

 - 

 1,764 

 4,116 

 458 

 1,763 

 4,575 

 6,338 

 2,599 

 03/12/99 

 Alpharetta / Maxwell Rd 

 - 

 1,075 

 2,509 

 276 

 1,075 

 2,785 

 3,860 

 1,607 

 03/12/99 

 Alpharetta / N. Main St 

 - 

 1,240 

 2,893 

 197 

 1,240 

 3,090 

 4,330 

 1,799 

 03/12/99 

 Atlanta / Bolton Rd 

 - 

 866 

 2,019 

 333 

 865 

 2,353 

 3,218 

 1,380 

 03/12/99 

 Riverdale / Georgia Hwy 85 

 - 

 1,075 

 2,508 

 384 

 1,075 

 2,892 

 3,967 

 1,661 

 03/12/99 

 Kennesaw / Rutledge Road 

 - 

 803 

 1,874 

 489 

 803 

 2,363 

 3,166 

 1,491 

 03/12/99 

 Lawrenceville / Buford Dr. 

 - 

 256 

 597 

 189 

 256 

 786 

 1,042 

 472 

 03/12/99 

 Hanover Park / W. Lake Street 

 - 

 1,320 

 3,081 

 340 

 1,320 

 3,421 

 4,741 

 1,975 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / W. Jarvis Ave 

 - 

 313 

 731 

 174 

 313 

 905 

 1,218 

 544 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / N. Broadway St 

 - 

 535 

 1,249 

 487 

 535 

 1,736 

 2,271 

 1,061 

 03/12/99 

 Carol Stream / Phillips Court 

 - 

 829 

 1,780 

 323 

 782 

 2,150 

 2,932 

 1,192 

 03/12/99 

 Winfield / Roosevelt Road 

 - 

 1,109 

 2,587 

 425 

 1,108 

 3,013 

 4,121 

 1,791 

 03/12/99 

 Schaumburg / S. Roselle Road 

 - 

 659 

 1,537 

 260 

 659 

 1,797 

 2,456 

 1,069 

 03/12/99 

 Tinley Park / Brennan Hwy 

 - 

 771 

 1,799 

 479 

 771 

 2,278 

 3,049 

 1,325 

 03/12/99 

 Schaumburg / Palmer Drive 

 - 

 1,333 

 3,111 

 650 

 1,333 

 3,761 

 5,094 

 2,291 

 03/12/99 

 Mobile / Hillcrest Road 

 - 

 554 

 1,293 

 280 

 554 

 1,573 

 2,127 

 945 

 F-66 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/12/99 

 Mobile / Azalea Road 

 - 

 517 

 1,206 

 1,266 

 517 

 2,472 

 2,989 

 1,560 

 03/12/99 

 Mobile / Moffat Road 

 - 

 537 

 1,254 

 421 

 537 

 1,675 

 2,212 

 1,060 

 03/12/99 

 Mobile / Grelot Road 

 - 

 804 

 1,877 

 325 

 804 

 2,202 

 3,006 

 1,323 

 03/12/99 

 Mobile / Government Blvd 

 - 

 407 

 950 

 361 

 407 

 1,311 

 1,718 

 856 

 03/12/99 

 New Orleans / Tchoupitoulas 

 - 

 1,092 

 2,548 

 689 

 1,092 

 3,237 

 4,329 

 2,046 

 03/12/99 

 Louisville / Breckenridge Lane 

 - 

 581 

 1,356 

 257 

 581 

 1,613 

 2,194 

 945 

 03/12/99 

 Louisville 

 - 

 554 

 1,292 

 335 

 554 

 1,627 

 2,181 

 936 

 03/12/99 

 Louisville / Poplar Level 

 - 

 463 

 1,080 

 341 

 463 

 1,421 

 1,884 

 871 

 03/12/99 

 Chesapeake / Western Branch 

 - 

 1,274 

 2,973 

 329 

 1,274 

 3,302 

 4,576 

 1,951 

 03/12/99 

 Centreville / Lee Hwy 

 - 

 1,650 

 3,851 

 4,510 

 1,635 

 8,376 

 10,011 

 3,720 

 03/12/99 

 Sterling / S. Sterling Blvd 

 - 

 1,282 

 2,992 

 283 

 1,271 

 3,286 

 4,557 

 1,902 

 03/12/99 

 Manassas / Sudley Road 

 - 

 776 

 1,810 

 273 

 776 

 2,083 

 2,859 

 1,257 

 03/12/99 

 Longmont / Wedgewood Ave 

 - 

 717 

 1,673 

 200 

 717 

 1,873 

 2,590 

 1,095 

 03/12/99 

 Fort Collins / So.College Ave 

 - 

 745 

 1,739 

 441 

 745 

 2,180 

 2,925 

 1,296 

 03/12/99 

 Colo Sprngs / Parkmoor Village 

 - 

 620 

 1,446 

 687 

 620 

 2,133 

 2,753 

 1,362 

 03/12/99 

 Colo Sprngs / Van Teylingen 

 - 

 1,216 

 2,837 

 416 

 1,215 

 3,254 

 4,469 

 1,865 

 03/12/99 

 Denver / So. Clinton St. 

 - 

 462 

 1,609 

 252 

 462 

 1,861 

 2,323 

 1,090 

 03/12/99 

 Denver / Washington St. 

 - 

 795 

 1,846 

 566 

 792 

 2,415 

 3,207 

 1,463 

 03/12/99 

 Colo Sprngs / Centennial Blvd 

 - 

 1,352 

 3,155 

 211 

 1,352 

 3,366 

 4,718 

 1,906 

 03/12/99 

 Colo Sprngs / Astrozon Court 

 - 

 810 

 1,889 

 510 

 809 

 2,400 

 3,209 

 1,471 

 03/12/99 

 Arvada / 64th Ave 

 - 

 671 

 1,566 

 199 

 671 

 1,765 

 2,436 

 1,028 

 03/12/99 

 Golden / Simms Street 

 - 

 918 

 2,143 

 653 

 918 

 2,796 

 3,714 

 1,725 

 03/12/99 

 Lawrence / Haskell Ave 

 - 

 636 

 1,484 

 315 

 636 

 1,799 

 2,435 

 1,081 

 03/12/99 

 Overland Park / Hemlock St 

 - 

 1,168 

 2,725 

 277 

 1,168 

 3,002 

 4,170 

 1,760 

 03/12/99 

 Lenexa / Long St. 

 - 

 720 

 1,644 

 160 

 709 

 1,815 

 2,524 

 1,047 

 03/12/99 

 Shawnee / Hedge Lane Terrace 

 - 

 570 

 1,331 

 200 

 570 

 1,531 

 2,101 

 919 

 03/12/99 

 Mission / Foxridge Dr 

 - 

 1,657 

 3,864 

 394 

 1,656 

 4,259 

 5,915 

 2,479 

 03/12/99 

 Milwaukee / W. Dean Road 

 - 

 1,362 

 3,163 

 792 

 1,357 

 3,960 

 5,317 

 2,454 

 03/12/99 

 Columbus / Morse Road 

 - 

 1,415 

 3,302 

 1,446 

 1,415 

 4,748 

 6,163 

 3,045 

 03/12/99 

 Milford / Branch Hill 

 - 

 527 

 1,229 

 2,665 

 527 

 3,894 

 4,421 

 1,980 

 03/12/99 

 Fairfield / Dixie 

 - 

 519 

 1,211 

 411 

 519 

 1,622 

 2,141 

 983 

 03/12/99 

 Cincinnati / Western Hills 

 - 

 758 

 1,769 

 454 

 758 

 2,223 

 2,981 

 1,313 

 03/12/99 

 Austin / N. Mopac Expressway 

 - 

 865 

 2,791 

 215 

 865 

 3,006 

 3,871 

 1,654 

 F-67 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/12/99 

 Atlanta / Dunwoody Place 

 - 

 1,410 

 3,296 

 513 

 1,390 

 3,829 

 5,219 

 2,235 

 03/12/99 

 Kennedale/Bowman Sprgs 

 - 

 425 

 991 

 178 

 425 

 1,169 

 1,594 

 698 

 03/12/99 

 Colo Sprngs/N.Powers 

 - 

 1,124 

 2,622 

 889 

 1,123 

 3,512 

 4,635 

 2,098 

 03/12/99 

 St. Louis/S. Third St 

 - 

 206 

 480 

 15 

 206 

 495 

 701 

 278 

 03/12/99 

 Orlando / L.B. Mcleod Road 

 - 

 521 

 1,217 

 258 

 521 

 1,475 

 1,996 

 939 

 03/12/99 

 Jacksonville / Roosevelt Blvd. 

 - 

 851 

 1,986 

 485 

 851 

 2,471 

 3,322 

 1,551 

 03/12/99 

 Miami-Kendall / Sw 84th Street 

 - 

 935 

 2,180 

 601 

 934 

 2,782 

 3,716 

 1,529 

 03/12/99 

 North Miami Beach / 69th St 

 - 

 1,594 

 3,720 

 648 

 1,594 

 4,368 

 5,962 

 2,620 

 03/12/99 

 Miami Beach / Dade Blvd 

 - 

 962 

 2,245 

 2,246 

 962 

 4,491 

 5,453 

 1,883 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / N. Natchez Ave 

 - 

 1,684 

 3,930 

 676 

 1,684 

 4,606 

 6,290 

 2,671 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / W. Cermak Road 

 - 

 1,294 

 3,019 

 1,510 

 1,294 

 4,529 

 5,823 

 2,970 

 03/12/99 

 Kansas City / State Ave 

 - 

 645 

 1,505 

 404 

 645 

 1,909 

 2,554 

 1,190 

 03/12/99 

 Lenexa / Santa Fe Trail Road 

 - 

 713 

 1,663 

 240 

 713 

 1,903 

 2,616 

 1,136 

 03/12/99 

 Waukesha / Foster Court 

 - 

 765 

 1,785 

 796 

 765 

 2,581 

 3,346 

 1,282 

 03/12/99 

 River Grove / N. 5th Ave. 

 - 

 1,094 

 2,552 

 425 

 1,034 

 3,037 

 4,071 

 1,850 

 03/12/99 

 St. Charles / E. Main St. 

 - 

 951 

 2,220 

 (190) 

 802 

 2,179 

 2,981 

 1,464 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / West 47th St. 

 - 

 705 

 1,645 

 214 

 705 

 1,859 

 2,564 

 1,058 

 03/12/99 

 Carol Stream / S. Main Place 

 - 

 1,320 

 3,079 

 451 

 1,319 

 3,531 

 4,850 

 2,117 

 03/12/99 

 Carpentersville /N. Western Ave 

 - 

 911 

 2,120 

 278 

 909 

 2,400 

 3,309 

 1,401 

 03/12/99 

 Elgin / E. Chicago St. 

 - 

 570 

 2,163 

 167 

 570 

 2,330 

 2,900 

 1,315 

 03/12/99 

 Elgin / Big Timber Road 

 - 

 1,347 

 3,253 

 921 

 1,347 

 4,174 

 5,521 

 2,420 

 03/12/99 

 Chicago / S. Pulaski Road 

 - 

 - 

 2,576 

 499 

 - 

 3,075 

 3,075 

 1,451 

 03/12/99 

 Aurora / Business 30 

 - 

 900 

 2,097 

 356 

 899 

 2,454 

 3,353 

 1,461 

 03/12/99 

 Streamwood / Old Church Road 

 - 

 855 

 1,991 

 159 

 853 

 2,152 

 3,005 

 1,218 

 03/12/99 

 Mt. Prospect / Central Road 

 - 

 802 

 1,847 

 699 

 795 

 2,553 

 3,348 

 1,641 

 03/12/99 

 Geneva / Gary Ave 

 - 

 1,072 

 2,501 

 312 

 1,072 

 2,813 

 3,885 

 1,659 

 03/12/99 

 Naperville / Lasalle Ave 

 - 

 1,501 

 3,502 

 200 

 1,501 

 3,702 

 5,203 

 2,106 

 03/31/99 

 Forest Park 

 - 

 270 

 3,378 

 4,679 

 270 

 8,057 

 8,327 

 4,434 

 04/01/99 

 Fresno 

 - 

 44 

 206 

 656 

 193 

 713 

 906 

 443 

 05/01/99 

 Stockton 

 - 

 151 

 402 

 2,115 

 590 

 2,078 

 2,668 

 1,231 

 06/30/99 

 Winter Park/N. Semor 

 - 

 342 

 638 

 1,210 

 427 

 1,763 

 2,190 

 761 

 06/30/99 

 N. Richland Hills 

 - 

 455 

 769 

 1,261 

 569 

 1,916 

 2,485 

 924 

 06/30/99 

 Rolling Meadows/Lois 

 - 

 441 

 849 

 1,579 

 551 

 2,318 

 2,869 

 1,109 

 F-68 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/30/99 

 Gresham/Burnside 

 - 

 354 

 544 

 966 

 441 

 1,423 

 1,864 

 644 

 06/30/99 

 Jacksonville/University 

 - 

 211 

 741 

 1,106 

 263 

 1,795 

 2,058 

 829 

 06/30/99 

 Houston/Highway 6 So. 

 - 

 751 

 1,006 

 2,176 

 936 

 2,997 

 3,933 

 1,374 

 06/30/99 

 Concord/Arnold 

 - 

 827 

 1,553 

 2,509 

 1,031 

 3,858 

 4,889 

 1,867 

 06/30/99 

 Rockville/Gude Drive 

 - 

 602 

 768 

 7,328 

 751 

 7,947 

 8,698 

 2,397 

 06/30/99 

 Bradenton/Cortez Road 

 - 

 476 

 885 

 1,407 

 588 

 2,180 

 2,768 

 1,079 

 06/30/99 

 San Antonio/Nw Loop 

 - 

 511 

 786 

 1,360 

 638 

 2,019 

 2,657 

 900 

 06/30/99 

 Anaheim / La Palma 

 - 

 1,378 

 851 

 1,588 

 1,720 

 2,097 

 3,817 

 942 

 06/30/99 

 Spring Valley/Sweetwater 

 - 

 271 

 380 

 5,511 

 356 

 5,806 

 6,162 

 1,973 

 06/30/99 

 Ft. Myers/Tamiami 

 - 

 948 

 962 

 1,779 

 1,184 

 2,505 

 3,689 

 1,169 

 06/30/99 

 Littleton/Centennial 

 - 

 421 

 804 

 1,234 

 526 

 1,933 

 2,459 

 972 

 06/30/99 

 Newark/Cedar Blvd 

 - 

 729 

 971 

 1,624 

 910 

 2,414 

 3,324 

 1,250 

 06/30/99 

 Falls Church/Columbia 

 - 

 901 

 975 

 1,561 

 1,126 

 2,311 

 3,437 

 1,102 

 06/30/99 

 Fairfax / Lee Highway 

 - 

 586 

 1,078 

 1,623 

 732 

 2,555 

 3,287 

 1,253 

 06/30/99 

 Wheat Ridge / W. 44th 

 - 

 480 

 789 

 1,227 

 599 

 1,897 

 2,496 

 957 

 06/30/99 

 Huntington Bch/Gotham 

 - 

 952 

 890 

 1,596 

 1,189 

 2,249 

 3,438 

 1,080 

 06/30/99 

 Fort Worth/McCart 

 - 

 372 

 942 

 984 

 464 

 1,834 

 2,298 

 694 

 06/30/99 

 San Diego/Clairemont 

 - 

 1,601 

 2,035 

 2,628 

 1,999 

 4,265 

 6,264 

 2,112 

 06/30/99 

 Houston/Millridge N. 

 - 

 1,160 

 1,983 

 4,449 

 1,449 

 6,143 

 7,592 

 2,870 

 06/30/99 

 Woodbridge/Jefferson 

 - 

 840 

 1,689 

 1,872 

 1,048 

 3,353 

 4,401 

 1,190 

 06/30/99 

 Mountainside 

 - 

 1,260 

 1,237 

 4,469 

 1,595 

 5,371 

 6,966 

 2,035 

 06/30/99 

 Woodbridge / Davis 

 - 

 1,796 

 1,623 

 2,766 

 2,243 

 3,942 

 6,185 

 2,113 

 06/30/99 

 Huntington Beach 

 - 

 1,026 

 1,437 

 1,687 

 1,282 

 2,868 

 4,150 

 1,438 

 06/30/99 

 Edison / Old Post Rd 

 - 

 498 

 1,267 

 1,677 

 621 

 2,821 

 3,442 

 1,460 

 06/30/99 

 Northridge/Parthenia 

 - 

 1,848 

 1,486 

 2,171 

 2,308 

 3,197 

 5,505 

 1,647 

 06/30/99 

 Brick Township/Brick 

 - 

 590 

 1,431 

 1,780 

 736 

 3,065 

 3,801 

 1,546 

 06/30/99 

 Stone Mountain/Rock 

 - 

 1,233 

 288 

 1,443 

 1,540 

 1,424 

 2,964 

 685 

 06/30/99 

 Hyattsville 

 - 

 768 

 2,186 

 2,357 

 959 

 4,352 

 5,311 

 2,281 

 06/30/99 

 Union City / Alvarado 

 - 

 992 

 1,776 

 2,021 

 1,239 

 3,550 

 4,789 

 1,838 

 06/30/99 

 Oak Park / Greenfield 

 - 

 621 

 1,735 

 1,866 

 774 

 3,448 

 4,222 

 1,824 

 06/30/99 

 Tujunga/Foothill Blvd 

 - 

 1,746 

 2,383 

 2,724 

 2,180 

 4,673 

 6,853 

 2,310 

 07/01/99 

 Pantego/W. Pioneer Pkwy 

 - 

 432 

 1,228 

 269 

 432 

 1,497 

 1,929 

 706 

 07/01/99 

 Nashville/Lafayette St 

 - 

 486 

 1,135 

 942 

 486 

 2,077 

 2,563 

 1,327 

 F-69 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 07/01/99 

 Nashville/Metroplex Dr 

 - 

 380 

 886 

 367 

 379 

 1,254 

 1,633 

 818 

 07/01/99 

 Madison / Myatt Dr 

 - 

 441 

 1,028 

 212 

 441 

 1,240 

 1,681 

 733 

 07/01/99 

 Hixson / Highway 153 

 - 

 488 

 1,138 

 496 

 487 

 1,635 

 2,122 

 1,032 

 07/01/99 

 Hixson / Gadd Rd 

 - 

 207 

 484 

 618 

 207 

 1,102 

 1,309 

 802 

 07/01/99 

 Red Bank / Harding Rd 

 - 

 452 

 1,056 

 396 

 452 

 1,452 

 1,904 

 949 

 07/01/99 

 Nashville/Welshwood Dr 

 - 

 934 

 2,179 

 453 

 934 

 2,632 

 3,566 

 1,589 

 07/01/99 

 Madison/Williams Ave 

 - 

 1,318 

 3,076 

 1,155 

 1,318 

 4,231 

 5,549 

 2,727 

 07/01/99 

 Nashville/Mcnally Dr 

 - 

 884 

 2,062 

 920 

 884 

 2,982 

 3,866 

 1,939 

 07/01/99 

 Hermitage/Central Ct 

 - 

 646 

 1,508 

 292 

 646 

 1,800 

 2,446 

 1,076 

 07/01/99 

 Antioch/Cane Ridge Rd 

 - 

 353 

 823 

 514 

 352 

 1,338 

 1,690 

 832 

 09/01/99 

 Charlotte / Ashley Road 

 - 

 664 

 1,551 

 281 

 651 

 1,845 

 2,496 

 1,097 

 09/01/99 

 Raleigh / Capital Blvd 

 - 

 927 

 2,166 

 385 

 908 

 2,570 

 3,478 

 1,502 

 09/01/99 

 Charlotte / South Blvd. 

 - 

 734 

 1,715 

 178 

 719 

 1,908 

 2,627 

 1,116 

 09/01/99 

 Greensboro/W.Market St. 

 - 

 603 

 1,409 

 88 

 591 

 1,509 

 2,100 

 890 

 10/08/99 

 Belmont / O'neill Ave 

 - 

 869 

 4,659 

 212 

 878 

 4,862 

 5,740 

 2,765 

 10/11/99 

 Matthews 

 - 

 937 

 3,165 

 1,982 

 1,500 

 4,584 

 6,084 

 2,152 

 11/15/99 

 Poplar, Memphis 

 - 

 1,631 

 3,093 

 2,595 

 2,377 

 4,942 

 7,319 

 2,238 

 12/17/99 

 Dallas / Swiss Ave 

 - 

 1,862 

 4,344 

 478 

 1,878 

 4,806 

 6,684 

 2,745 

 12/30/99 

 Oak Park/Greenfield Rd 

 - 

 1,184 

 3,685 

 148 

 1,196 

 3,821 

 5,017 

 2,085 

 12/30/99 

 Santa Anna 

 - 

 2,657 

 3,293 

 3,633 

 3,704 

 5,879 

 9,583 

 2,576 

 01/21/00 

 Hanover Park 

 - 

 262 

 3,104 

 109 

 256 

 3,219 

 3,475 

 1,670 

 01/25/00 

 Memphis / N.Germantwn Pkwy 

 - 

 884 

 3,024 

 1,564 

 1,301 

 4,171 

 5,472 

 1,993 

 01/31/00 

 Rowland Heights/Walnut 

 - 

 681 

 1,589 

 202 

 687 

 1,785 

 2,472 

 953 

 02/08/00 

 Lewisville / Justin Rd 

 - 

 529 

 2,919 

 4,348 

 1,679 

 6,117 

 7,796 

 2,534 

 02/28/00 

 Plano / Avenue K 

 - 

 2,064 

 10,407 

 1,958 

 1,220 

 13,209 

 14,429 

 8,721 

 04/01/00 

 Hyattsville/Edmonson 

 - 

 1,036 

 2,657 

 173 

 1,036 

 2,830 

 3,866 

 1,500 

 04/29/00 

 St.Louis/Ellisville Twn Centre 

 - 

 765 

 4,377 

 2,073 

 1,311 

 5,904 

 7,215 

 2,802 

 05/02/00 

 Mill Valley 

 - 

 1,412 

 3,294 

 (271) 

 1,283 

 3,152 

 4,435 

 1,722 

 05/02/00 

 Culver City 

 - 

 2,439 

 5,689 

 6,422 

 2,221 

 12,329 

 14,550 

 5,921 

 05/26/00 

 Phoenix/N. 35th Ave 

 - 

 868 

 2,967 

 129 

 867 

 3,097 

 3,964 

 754 

 06/05/00 

 Mount Sinai / Route 25a 

 - 

 950 

 3,338 

 2,287 

 1,599 

 4,976 

 6,575 

 2,246 

 06/15/00 

 Pinellas Park 

 - 

 526 

 2,247 

 1,447 

 887 

 3,333 

 4,220 

 1,437 

 06/30/00 

 San Antonio/Broadway St 

 - 

 1,131 

 4,558 

 1,417 

 1,130 

 5,976 

 7,106 

 2,955 

 F-70 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 07/13/00 

 Lincolnwood 

 - 

 1,598 

 3,727 

 394 

 1,613 

 4,106 

 5,719 

 2,341 

 07/17/00 

 La Palco/New Orleans 

 - 

 1,023 

 3,204 

 2,055 

 1,609 

 4,673 

 6,282 

 2,033 

 07/29/00 

 Tracy/1615& 1650 W.11th S 

 - 

 1,745 

 4,530 

 364 

 1,761 

 4,878 

 6,639 

 2,574 

 08/01/00 

 Pineville 

 - 

 2,197 

 3,417 

 2,665 

 2,965 

 5,314 

 8,279 

 2,397 

 08/23/00 

 Morris Plains 

 - 

 1,501 

 4,300 

 4,348 

 2,719 

 7,430 

 10,149 

 3,069 

 08/31/00 

 Florissant/New Halls Fry 

 - 

 800 

 4,225 

 199 

 807 

 4,417 

 5,224 

 2,317 

 08/31/00 

 Orange, CA 

 - 

 661 

 1,542 

 6,147 

 667 

 7,683 

 8,350 

 2,784 

 09/01/00 

 Bayshore, NY 

 - 

 1,277 

 2,980 

 1,936 

 1,533 

 4,660 

 6,193 

 2,433 

 09/01/00 

 Los Angeles, CA 

 - 

 590 

 1,376 

 632 

 708 

 1,890 

 2,598 

 1,122 

 09/13/00 

 Merrillville 

 - 

 343 

 2,474 

 1,689 

 832 

 3,674 

 4,506 

 1,603 

 09/15/00 

 Gardena / W. El Segundo 

 - 

 1,532 

 3,424 

 210 

 1,532 

 3,634 

 5,166 

 1,725 

 09/15/00 

 Chicago / Ashland Avenue 

 - 

 850 

 4,880 

 2,207 

 849 

 7,088 

 7,937 

 3,520 

 09/15/00 

 Oakland / Macarthur 

 - 

 678 

 2,751 

 373 

 678 

 3,124 

 3,802 

 1,553 

 09/15/00 

 Alexandria / Pickett Ii 

 - 

 2,743 

 6,198 

 484 

 2,743 

 6,682 

 9,425 

 3,176 

 09/15/00 

 Royal Oak / Coolidge Highway 

 - 

 1,062 

 2,576 

 282 

 1,062 

 2,858 

 3,920 

 1,341 

 09/15/00 

 Hawthorne / Crenshaw Blvd. 

 - 

 1,079 

 2,913 

 323 

 1,079 

 3,236 

 4,315 

 1,523 

 09/15/00 

 Rockaway / U.S. Route 46 

 - 

 2,424 

 4,945 

 517 

 2,423 

 5,463 

 7,886 

 2,566 

 09/15/00 

 Evanston / Greenbay 

 - 

 846 

 4,436 

 459 

 846 

 4,895 

 5,741 

 2,318 

 09/15/00 

 Los Angeles / Coliseum 

 - 

 3,109 

 4,013 

 357 

 3,108 

 4,371 

 7,479 

 2,007 

 09/15/00 

 Bethpage / Hempstead Turnpike 

 - 

 2,899 

 5,457 

 1,287 

 2,899 

 6,744 

 9,643 

 3,222 

 09/15/00 

 Northport / Fort Salonga Road 

 - 

 2,999 

 5,698 

 1,012 

 2,998 

 6,711 

 9,709 

 3,243 

 09/15/00 

 Brooklyn / St. Johns Place 

 - 

 3,492 

 6,026 

 1,428 

 3,491 

 7,455 

 10,946 

 3,710 

 09/15/00 

 Lake Ronkonkoma / Portion Rd. 

 - 

 937 

 4,199 

 443 

 937 

 4,642 

 5,579 

 2,157 

 09/15/00 

 Tampa/Gunn Hwy 

 - 

 1,843 

 4,300 

 241 

 1,843 

 4,541 

 6,384 

 2,306 

 09/18/00 

 Tampa/N. Del Mabry 

 - 

 2,204 

 2,447 

 10,217 

 2,239 

 12,629 

 14,868 

 7,156 

 09/30/00 

 Marietta/Kennestone& Hwy5 

 - 

 622 

 3,388 

 1,547 

 628 

 4,929 

 5,557 

 2,429 

 09/30/00 

 Lilburn/Indian Trail 

 - 

 1,695 

 5,170 

 1,804 

 1,711 

 6,958 

 8,669 

 3,350 

 11/15/00 

 Largo/Missouri 

 - 

 1,092 

 4,270 

 2,585 

 1,838 

 6,109 

 7,947 

 2,700 

 11/21/00 

 St. Louis/Wilson 

 - 

 1,608 

 3,913 

 2,062 

 1,627 

 5,956 

 7,583 

 2,824 

 12/21/00 

 Houston/7715 Katy Frwy 

 - 

 2,274 

 5,307 

 (1,506) 

 1,500 

 4,575 

 6,075 

 1,776 

 12/21/00 

 Houston/10801 Katy Frwy 

 - 

 1,664 

 3,884 

 166 

 1,618 

 4,096 

 5,714 

 1,943 

 12/21/00 

 Houston/Main St 

 - 

 1,681 

 3,924 

 356 

 1,684 

 4,277 

 5,961 

 2,035 

 12/21/00 

 Houston/W. Loop/S. Frwy 

 - 

 2,036 

 4,749 

 251 

 2,038 

 4,998 

 7,036 

 2,357 

 F-71 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 12/29/00 

 Chicago 

 - 

 1,946 

 6,002 

 157 

 1,949 

 6,156 

 8,105 

 3,006 

 12/29/00 

 Gardena 

 - 

 1,737 

 5,456 

 4,992 

 1,737 

 10,448 

 12,185 

 2,195 

 12/30/00 

 Raleigh/Glenwood 

 - 

 1,545 

 3,628 

 169 

 1,560 

 3,782 

 5,342 

 1,944 

 12/30/00 

 Frazier 

 - 

 800 

 3,324 

 90 

 800 

 3,414 

 4,214 

 1,561 

 01/05/01 

 Troy/E. Big Beaver Rd 

 - 

 2,195 

 4,221 

 2,160 

 2,820 

 5,756 

 8,576 

 2,451 

 01/11/01 

 Ft Lauderdale 

 - 

 954 

 3,972 

 2,708 

 1,746 

 5,888 

 7,634 

 2,507 

 01/16/01 

 No Hollywood/Sherman Way 

 - 

 2,173 

 5,442 

 3,670 

 2,200 

 9,085 

 11,285 

 3,667 

 01/18/01 

 Tuscon/E. Speedway 

 - 

 735 

 2,895 

 1,298 

 1,095 

 3,833 

 4,928 

 1,738 

 01/25/01 

 Lombard/Finley 

 - 

 851 

 3,806 

 2,621 

 1,564 

 5,714 

 7,278 

 2,483 

 03/15/01 

 Los Angeles/West Pico 

 - 

 8,579 

 8,630 

 2,330 

 8,294 

 11,245 

 19,539 

 5,296 

 04/01/01 

 Lakewood/Cedar Dr. 

 - 

 1,329 

 9,356 

 4,198 

 1,331 

 13,552 

 14,883 

 6,107 

 04/07/01 

 Farmingdale/Rte 110 

 - 

 2,364 

 5,807 

 2,130 

 1,779 

 8,522 

 10,301 

 3,516 

 04/17/01 

 Philadelphia/Aramingo 

 - 

 968 

 4,539 

 142 

 968 

 4,681 

 5,649 

 2,211 

 04/18/01 

 Largo/Walsingham Road 

 - 

 1,000 

 3,545 

 (186) 

 800 

 3,559 

 4,359 

 1,709 

 06/17/01 

 Port Washington/Seaview &W.Sh 

 - 

 2,381 

 4,608 

 1,884 

 2,359 

 6,514 

 8,873 

 2,769 

 06/18/01 

 Silver Springs/Prosperity 

 - 

 1,065 

 5,391 

 2,154 

 1,065 

 7,545 

 8,610 

 3,204 

 06/19/01 

 Tampa/W. Waters Ave & Wilsky 

 - 

 953 

 3,785 

 83 

 954 

 3,867 

 4,821 

 1,826 

 06/26/01 

 Middletown 

 - 

 1,535 

 4,258 

 2,782 

 2,295 

 6,280 

 8,575 

 2,554 

 07/29/01 

 Miami/Sw 85th Ave 

 - 

 2,755 

 4,951 

 3,705 

 2,730 

 8,681 

 11,411 

 3,633 

 08/28/01 

 Hoover/John Hawkins Pkwy 

 - 

 1,050 

 2,453 

 126 

 1,051 

 2,578 

 3,629 

 1,218 

 09/30/01 

 Syosset 

 - 

 2,461 

 5,312 

 2,190 

 3,089 

 6,874 

 9,963 

 2,833 

 12/27/01 

 Los Angeles/W.Jefferson 

 - 

 8,285 

 9,429 

 4,879 

 8,333 

 14,260 

 22,593 

 5,502 

 12/27/01 

 Howell/Hgwy 9 

 - 

 941 

 4,070 

 1,617 

 1,365 

 5,263 

 6,628 

 2,225 

 12/29/01 

 Catonsville/Kent 

 - 

 1,378 

 5,289 

 2,728 

 1,377 

 8,018 

 9,395 

 3,363 

 12/29/01 

 Old Bridge/Rte 9 

 - 

 1,244 

 4,960 

 72 

 1,250 

 5,026 

 6,276 

 2,236 

 12/29/01 

 Sacremento/Roseville 

 - 

 876 

 5,344 

 2,021 

 526 

 7,715 

 8,241 

 3,363 

 12/31/01 

 Santa Ana/E.Mcfadden 

 - 

 7,587 

 8,612 

 5,320 

 7,600 

 13,919 

 21,519 

 4,813 

 01/01/02 

 Concord 

 - 

 650 

 1,332 

 92 

 649 

 1,425 

 2,074 

 513 

 01/01/02 

 Tustin 

 - 

 962 

 1,465 

 344 

 962 

 1,809 

 2,771 

 717 

 01/01/02 

 Pasadena/Sierra Madre 

 - 

 706 

 872 

 97 

 706 

 969 

 1,675 

 350 

 01/01/02 

 Azusa 

 - 

 933 

 1,659 

 7,659 

 932 

 9,319 

 10,251 

 2,545 

 01/01/02 

 Redlands 

 - 

 423 

 1,202 

 242 

 422 

 1,445 

 1,867 

 562 

 01/01/02 

 Airport I 

 - 

 346 

 861 

 392 

 346 

 1,253 

 1,599 

 539 

 F-72 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 01/01/02 

 Miami / Marlin Road 

 - 

 562 

 1,345 

 225 

 562 

 1,570 

 2,132 

 662 

 01/01/02 

 Riverside 

 - 

 95 

 1,106 

 64 

 94 

 1,171 

 1,265 

 427 

 01/01/02 

 Oakland / San Leandro 

 - 

 330 

 1,116 

 160 

 330 

 1,276 

 1,606 

 490 

 01/01/02 

 Richmond / Jacuzzi 

 - 

 419 

 1,224 

 81 

 419 

 1,305 

 1,724 

 472 

 01/01/02 

 Santa Clara / Laurel 

 - 

 1,178 

 1,789 

 145 

 1,179 

 1,933 

 3,112 

 865 

 01/01/02 

 Pembroke Park 

 - 

 475 

 1,259 

 242 

 475 

 1,501 

 1,976 

 614 

 01/01/02 

 Ft. Lauderdale / Sun 

 - 

 452 

 1,254 

 181 

 452 

 1,435 

 1,887 

 571 

 01/01/02 

 San Carlos / Shorewa 

 - 

 737 

 1,360 

 146 

 737 

 1,506 

 2,243 

 510 

 01/01/02 

 Ft. Lauderdale / Sun 

 - 

 532 

 1,444 

 291 

 533 

 1,734 

 2,267 

 681 

 01/01/02 

 Sacramento / Howe 

 - 

 361 

 1,181 

 66 

 361 

 1,247 

 1,608 

 435 

 01/01/02 

 Sacramento / Capitol 

 - 

 186 

 1,284 

 361 

 186 

 1,645 

 1,831 

 762 

 01/01/02 

 Miami / Airport 

 - 

 517 

 915 

 339 

 517 

 1,254 

 1,771 

 559 

 01/01/02 

 Marietta / Cobb Park 

 - 

 419 

 1,571 

 431 

 420 

 2,001 

 2,421 

 926 

 01/01/02 

 Sacramento / Florin 

 - 

 624 

 1,710 

 1,172 

 623 

 2,883 

 3,506 

 1,478 

 01/01/02 

 Belmont / Dairy Lane 

 - 

 915 

 1,252 

 167 

 914 

 1,420 

 2,334 

 587 

 01/01/02 

 So. San Francisco 

 - 

 1,018 

 2,464 

 332 

 1,018 

 2,796 

 3,814 

 1,145 

 01/01/02 

 Palmdale / P Street 

 - 

 218 

 1,287 

 166 

 218 

 1,453 

 1,671 

 562 

 01/01/02 

 Tucker / Montreal Rd 

 - 

 760 

 1,485 

 248 

 758 

 1,735 

 2,493 

 696 

 01/01/02 

 Pasadena / S Fair Oaks 

 - 

 1,313 

 1,905 

 638 

 1,312 

 2,544 

 3,856 

 933 

 01/01/02 

 Carmichael/Fair Oaks 

 - 

 584 

 1,431 

 130 

 584 

 1,561 

 2,145 

 592 

 01/01/02 

 Carson / Carson St 

 - 

 507 

 877 

 182 

 506 

 1,060 

 1,566 

 443 

 01/01/02 

 San Jose / Felipe Ave 

 - 

 517 

 1,482 

 133 

 516 

 1,616 

 2,132 

 666 

 01/01/02 

 Miami / 27th Ave 

 - 

 272 

 1,572 

 375 

 271 

 1,948 

 2,219 

 779 

 01/01/02 

 San Jose / Capitol 

 - 

 400 

 1,183 

 218 

 401 

 1,400 

 1,801 

 482 

 01/01/02 

 Tucker / Mountain 

 - 

 519 

 1,385 

 236 

 520 

 1,620 

 2,140 

 626 

 01/03/02 

 St Charles/Veterans Memorial Pkwy 

 - 

 687 

 1,602 

 293 

 687 

 1,895 

 2,582 

 920 

 01/07/02 

 Bothell/ N. Bothell Way 

 - 

 1,063 

 4,995 

 191 

 1,062 

 5,187 

 6,249 

 2,298 

 01/15/02 

 Houston / N.Loop 

 - 

 2,045 

 6,178 

 2,131 

 2,045 

 8,309 

 10,354 

 3,369 

 01/16/02 

 Orlando / S. Kirkman 

 - 

 889 

 3,180 

 120 

 889 

 3,300 

 4,189 

 1,709 

 01/16/02 

 Austin / Us Hwy 183 

 - 

 608 

 3,856 

 154 

 608 

 4,010 

 4,618 

 2,036 

 01/16/02 

 Rochelle Park / 168 

 - 

 744 

 4,430 

 281 

 744 

 4,711 

 5,455 

 2,270 

 01/16/02 

 Honolulu / Waialae 

 - 

 10,631 

 10,783 

 350 

 10,629 

 11,135 

 21,764 

 5,463 

 01/16/02 

 Sunny Isles Bch 

 - 

 931 

 2,845 

 267 

 931 

 3,112 

 4,043 

 1,665 

 F-73 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 01/16/02 

 San Ramon / San Ramo 

 - 

 1,522 

 3,510 

 94 

 1,521 

 3,605 

 5,126 

 1,775 

 01/16/02 

 Austin / W. 6th St 

 - 

 2,399 

 4,493 

 496 

 2,399 

 4,989 

 7,388 

 2,583 

 01/16/02 

 Schaumburg / W. Wise 

 - 

 1,158 

 2,598 

 89 

 1,157 

 2,688 

 3,845 

 1,355 

 01/16/02 

 Laguna Hills / Moulton 

 - 

 2,319 

 5,200 

 280 

 2,318 

 5,481 

 7,799 

 2,703 

 01/16/02 

 Annapolis / West St 

 - 

 955 

 3,669 

 86 

 955 

 3,755 

 4,710 

 1,867 

 01/16/02 

 Birmingham / Commons 

 - 

 1,125 

 3,938 

 246 

 1,125 

 4,184 

 5,309 

 2,117 

 01/16/02 

 Crestwood / Watson Rd 

 - 

 1,232 

 3,093 

 37 

 1,176 

 3,186 

 4,362 

 1,562 

 01/16/02 

 Northglenn /Huron St 

 - 

 688 

 2,075 

 134 

 688 

 2,209 

 2,897 

 1,117 

 01/16/02 

 Skokie / Skokie Blvd 

 - 

 716 

 5,285 

 145 

 716 

 5,430 

 6,146 

 2,610 

 01/16/02 

 Garden City / Stewart 

 - 

 1,489 

 4,039 

 366 

 1,489 

 4,405 

 5,894 

 2,229 

 01/16/02 

 Millersville / Veterans 

 - 

 1,036 

 4,229 

 250 

 1,035 

 4,480 

 5,515 

 2,215 

 01/16/02 

 W. Babylon / Sunrise 

 - 

 1,609 

 3,959 

 193 

 1,608 

 4,153 

 5,761 

 2,026 

 01/16/02 

 Memphis / Summer Ave 

 - 

 1,103 

 2,772 

 146 

 1,103 

 2,918 

 4,021 

 1,446 

 01/16/02 

 Santa Clara/Lafayette 

 - 

 1,393 

 4,626 

 43 

 1,393 

 4,669 

 6,062 

 2,151 

 01/16/02 

 Naperville / Washington 

 - 

 2,712 

 2,225 

 540 

 2,712 

 2,765 

 5,477 

 1,365 

 01/16/02 

 Phoenix/W Union Hills 

 - 

 1,071 

 2,934 

 137 

 1,065 

 3,077 

 4,142 

 1,516 

 01/16/02 

 Woodlawn / Whitehead 

 - 

 2,682 

 3,355 

 99 

 2,682 

 3,454 

 6,136 

 1,716 

 01/16/02 

 Issaquah / Pickering 

 - 

 1,138 

 3,704 

 68 

 1,137 

 3,773 

 4,910 

 1,832 

 01/16/02 

 West La /W Olympic 

 - 

 6,532 

 5,975 

 227 

 6,531 

 6,203 

 12,734 

 2,932 

 01/16/02 

 Pasadena / E. Colorado 

 - 

 1,125 

 5,160 

 151 

 1,124 

 5,312 

 6,436 

 2,504 

 01/16/02 

 Memphis / Covington 

 - 

 620 

 3,076 

 238 

 620 

 3,314 

 3,934 

 1,621 

 01/16/02 

 Hiawassee / N.Hiawassee 

 - 

 1,622 

 1,892 

 167 

 1,622 

 2,059 

 3,681 

 1,062 

 01/16/02 

 Longwood / State Rd 

 - 

 2,123 

 3,083 

 262 

 2,123 

 3,345 

 5,468 

 1,788 

 01/16/02 

 Casselberry / State 

 - 

 1,628 

 3,308 

 118 

 1,628 

 3,426 

 5,054 

 1,666 

 01/16/02 

 Honolulu/Kahala 

 - 

 3,722 

 8,525 

 216 

 3,721 

 8,742 

 12,463 

 4,087 

 01/16/02 

 Waukegan / Greenbay 

 - 

 933 

 3,826 

 76 

 933 

 3,902 

 4,835 

 1,863 

 01/16/02 

 Southfield / Telegraph 

 - 

 2,869 

 5,507 

 222 

 2,869 

 5,729 

 8,598 

 2,745 

 01/16/02 

 San Mateo / S. Delaware 

 - 

 1,921 

 4,602 

 185 

 1,921 

 4,787 

 6,708 

 2,221 

 01/16/02 

 Scottsdale/N.Hayden 

 - 

 2,111 

 3,564 

 92 

 2,117 

 3,650 

 5,767 

 1,722 

 01/16/02 

 Gilbert/W Park Ave 

 - 

 497 

 3,534 

 46 

 497 

 3,580 

 4,077 

 1,696 

 01/16/02 

 W.Palm Beach/Okeechobee 

 - 

 2,149 

 4,650 

 (311) 

 2,148 

 4,340 

 6,488 

 2,100 

 01/16/02 

 Indianapolis / W.86th 

 - 

 812 

 2,421 

 362 

 812 

 2,783 

 3,595 

 1,356 

 01/16/02 

 Indianapolis / Madison 

 - 

 716 

 2,655 

 589 

 716 

 3,244 

 3,960 

 1,378 

 F-74 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 01/16/02 

 Indianapolis / Rockville 

 - 

 704 

 2,704 

 966 

 704 

 3,670 

 4,374 

 1,496 

 01/16/02 

 Santa Cruz / River 

 - 

 2,148 

 6,584 

 153 

 2,147 

 6,738 

 8,885 

 3,039 

 01/16/02 

 Novato / Rush Landing 

 - 

 1,858 

 2,574 

 104 

 1,858 

 2,678 

 4,536 

 1,274 

 01/16/02 

 Martinez / Arnold Dr 

 - 

 847 

 5,422 

 61 

 847 

 5,483 

 6,330 

 2,433 

 01/16/02 

 Charlotte/Cambridge 

 - 

 836 

 3,908 

 51 

 836 

 3,959 

 4,795 

 1,885 

 01/16/02 

 Rancho Cucamonga 

 - 

 579 

 3,222 

 3,695 

 1,130 

 6,366 

 7,496 

 2,448 

 01/16/02 

 Renton / Kent 

 - 

 768 

 4,078 

 111 

 768 

 4,189 

 4,957 

 1,992 

 01/16/02 

 Hawthorne / Goffle Rd 

 - 

 2,414 

 4,918 

 109 

 2,413 

 5,028 

 7,441 

 2,315 

 02/02/02 

 Nashua / Southwood Dr 

 - 

 2,493 

 4,326 

 291 

 2,493 

 4,617 

 7,110 

 2,053 

 02/15/02 

 Houston/Fm 1960 East 

 - 

 859 

 2,004 

 168 

 859 

 2,172 

 3,031 

 992 

 03/07/02 

 Baltimore / Russell Street 

 - 

 1,763 

 5,821 

 248 

 1,763 

 6,069 

 7,832 

 2,660 

 03/11/02 

 Weymouth / Main St 

 - 

 1,440 

 4,433 

 258 

 1,439 

 4,692 

 6,131 

 2,067 

 03/28/02 

 Clinton / Branch Ave & Schultz 

 - 

 1,257 

 4,108 

 3,842 

 2,358 

 6,849 

 9,207 

 2,716 

 04/17/02 

 La Mirada/Alondra 

 - 

 1,749 

 5,044 

 2,840 

 2,575 

 7,058 

 9,633 

 2,812 

 05/01/02 

 N.Richlnd Hls/Rufe Snow Dr 

 - 

 632 

 6,337 

 2,489 

 631 

 8,827 

 9,458 

 3,657 

 05/02/02 

 Parkville/E.Joppa 

 - 

 898 

 4,306 

 153 

 898 

 4,459 

 5,357 

 1,921 

 06/17/02 

 Waltham / Lexington St 

 - 

 3,183 

 5,733 

 361 

 3,203 

 6,074 

 9,277 

 2,581 

 06/30/02 

 Nashville / Charlotte 

 - 

 876 

 2,004 

 192 

 876 

 2,196 

 3,072 

 989 

 07/02/02 

 Mt Juliet / Lebonan Rd 

 - 

 516 

 1,203 

 240 

 516 

 1,443 

 1,959 

 703 

 07/14/02 

 Yorktown / George Washington 

 - 

 707 

 1,684 

 148 

 707 

 1,832 

 2,539 

 851 

 07/22/02 

 Brea/E. Lambert & Clifwood Pk 

 - 

 2,114 

 3,555 

 186 

 2,113 

 3,742 

 5,855 

 1,599 

 08/01/02 

 Bricktown/Route 70 

 - 

 1,292 

 3,690 

 208 

 1,292 

 3,898 

 5,190 

 1,648 

 08/01/02 

 Danvers / Newbury St. 

 - 

 1,311 

 4,140 

 693 

 1,326 

 4,818 

 6,144 

 1,997 

 08/15/02 

 Montclair / Holt Blvd. 

 - 

 889 

 2,074 

 696 

 889 

 2,770 

 3,659 

 1,300 

 08/21/02 

 Rockville Centre/Merrick Rd 

 - 

 3,693 

 6,990 

 435 

 3,692 

 7,426 

 11,118 

 3,122 

 09/13/02 

 Lacey / Martin Way 

 - 

 1,379 

 3,217 

 140 

 1,379 

 3,357 

 4,736 

 1,258 

 09/13/02 

 Lakewood / Bridgeport 

 - 

 1,286 

 3,000 

 141 

 1,286 

 3,141 

 4,427 

 1,202 

 09/13/02 

 Kent / Pacific Highway 

 - 

 1,839 

 4,291 

 246 

 1,839 

 4,537 

 6,376 

 1,746 

 11/04/02 

 Scotch Plains /Route 22 

 - 

 2,124 

 5,072 

 133 

 2,126 

 5,203 

 7,329 

 2,208 

 12/23/02 

 Snta Clarita/Viaprincssa 

 - 

 2,508 

 3,008 

 3,666 

 2,508 

 6,674 

 9,182 

 2,562 

 02/13/03 

 Pasadena / Ritchie Hwy 

 - 

 2,253 

 4,218 

 22 

 2,253 

 4,240 

 6,493 

 1,698 

 02/13/03 

 Malden / Eastern Ave 

 - 

 3,212 

 2,739 

 140 

 3,212 

 2,879 

 6,091 

 1,181 

 02/24/03 

 Miami / SW 137th Ave 

 - 

 1,600 

 4,684 

 (222) 

 1,600 

 4,462 

 6,062 

 1,797 

 F-75 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 03/03/03 

 Chantilly / Dulles South Court 

 - 

 2,190 

 4,314 

 183 

 2,190 

 4,497 

 6,687 

 1,763 

 03/06/03 

 Medford / Mystic Ave 

 - 

 3,886 

 4,982 

 47 

 3,885 

 5,030 

 8,915 

 1,982 

 05/27/03 

 Castro Valley / Grove Way 

 - 

 2,247 

 5,881 

 1,018 

 2,307 

 6,839 

 9,146 

 2,721 

 08/02/03 

 Sacramento / E.Stockton Blvd 

 - 

 554 

 4,175 

 105 

 554 

 4,280 

 4,834 

 1,685 

 08/13/03 

 Timonium / W. Padonia Road 

 - 

 1,932 

 3,681 

 62 

 1,932 

 3,743 

 5,675 

 1,438 

 08/21/03 

 Van Nuys / Sepulveda 

 - 

 1,698 

 3,886 

 2,400 

 1,698 

 6,286 

 7,984 

 2,097 

 09/09/03 

 Westwood / East St 

 - 

 3,267 

 5,013 

 395 

 3,288 

 5,387 

 8,675 

 2,095 

 10/21/03 

 San Diego / Miramar Road 

 - 

 2,244 

 6,653 

 688 

 2,243 

 7,342 

 9,585 

 2,762 

 11/03/03 

 El Sobrante/San Pablo 

 - 

 1,255 

 4,990 

 1,377 

 1,257 

 6,365 

 7,622 

 2,786 

 11/06/03 

 Pearl City / Kamehameha Hwy 

 - 

 4,428 

 4,839 

 619 

 4,430 

 5,456 

 9,886 

 2,054 

 12/23/03 

 Boston / Southampton Street 

 - 

 5,334 

 7,511 

 843 

 5,345 

 8,343 

 13,688 

 3,067 

 01/09/04 

 Farmingville / Horseblock Road 

 - 

 1,919 

 4,420 

 (15) 

 1,918 

 4,406 

 6,324 

 1,615 

 02/27/04 

 Salem / Goodhue St. 

 - 

 1,544 

 6,160 

 116 

 1,544 

 6,276 

 7,820 

 2,264 

 03/18/04 

 Seven Corners / Arlington Blvd. 

 - 

 6,087 

 7,553 

 (212) 

 6,085 

 7,343 

 13,428 

 2,608 

 06/30/04 

 Marlton / Route 73 

 - 

 1,103 

 5,195 

 (13) 

 1,103 

 5,182 

 6,285 

 1,636 

 07/01/04 

 Long Island City/Northern Blvd. 

 - 

 4,876 

 7,610 

 (97) 

 4,876 

 7,513 

 12,389 

 2,658 

 07/09/04 

 West Valley Cty/Redwood 

 - 

 876 

 2,067 

 654 

 883 

 2,714 

 3,597 

 1,206 

 07/12/04 

 Hicksville/E. Old Country Rd. 

 - 

 1,693 

 3,910 

 211 

 1,692 

 4,122 

 5,814 

 1,430 

 07/15/04 

 Harwood/Ronald 

 - 

 1,619 

 3,778 

 261 

 1,619 

 4,039 

 5,658 

 1,502 

 09/24/04 

 E. Hanover/State Rt 

 - 

 3,895 

 4,943 

 246 

 3,895 

 5,189 

 9,084 

 1,735 

 10/14/04 

 Apple Valley/148th St 

 285 

 591 

 1,375 

 243 

 592 

 1,617 

 2,209 

 637 

 10/14/04 

 Blaine / Hwy 65 NE 

 449 

 789 

 1,833 

 853 

 713 

 2,762 

 3,475 

 971 

 10/14/04 

 Brooklyn Park / Lakeland Ave 

 - 

 1,411 

 3,278 

 312 

 1,413 

 3,588 

 5,001 

 1,331 

 10/14/04 

 Brooklyn Park / Xylon Ave 

 532 

 1,120 

 2,601 

 399 

 1,121 

 2,999 

 4,120 

 1,233 

 10/14/04 

 St Paul(Eagan)/Sibley Mem'l Hwy 

 286 

 615 

 1,431 

 171 

 616 

 1,601 

 2,217 

 597 

 10/14/04 

 Maple Grove / Zachary Lane 

 586 

 1,337 

 3,105 

 97 

 1,338 

 3,201 

 4,539 

 1,093 

 10/14/04 

 Minneapolis / Hiawatha Ave 

 673 

 1,480 

 3,437 

 288 

 1,481 

 3,724 

 5,205 

 1,350 

 10/14/04 

 New Hope / 36th Ave 

 696 

 1,332 

 3,094 

 952 

 1,333 

 4,045 

 5,378 

 1,570 

 10/14/04 

 Rosemount / Chippendale Ave 

 389 

 864 

 2,008 

 142 

 865 

 2,149 

 3,014 

 772 

 10/14/04 

 St Cloud/Franklin 

 262 

 575 

 1,338 

 118 

 576 

 1,455 

 2,031 

 512 

 10/14/04 

 Savage / W 128th St 

 680 

 1,522 

 3,535 

 207 

 1,523 

 3,741 

 5,264 

 1,311 

 10/14/04 

 Spring Lake Park/Hwy 65 NE 

 730 

 1,534 

 3,562 

 555 

 1,535 

 4,116 

 5,651 

 1,618 

 10/14/04 

 St Paul / Eaton St 

 - 

 1,161 

 2,698 

 194 

 1,163 

 2,890 

 4,053 

 1,045 

 F-76 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 10/14/04 

 St Paul-Hartzell / Wabash Ave 

 - 

 1,207 

 2,816 

 410 

 1,206 

 3,227 

 4,433 

 1,222 

 10/14/04 

 West St Paul / Marie Ave 

 - 

 1,447 

 3,361 

 1,444 

 1,449 

 4,803 

 6,252 

 2,087 

 10/14/04 

 Stillwater / Memorial Ave 

 742 

 1,669 

 3,876 

 194 

 1,671 

 4,068 

 5,739 

 1,420 

 10/14/04 

 St Paul-VadnaisHts/Birch Lake Rd 

 447 

 928 

 2,157 

 374 

 929 

 2,530 

 3,459 

 984 

 10/14/04 

 Woodbury / Hudson Road 

 - 

 1,863 

 4,327 

 370 

 1,865 

 4,695 

 6,560 

 1,658 

 10/14/04 

 Brown Deer / N Green Bay Rd 

 479 

 1,059 

 2,461 

 189 

 1,060 

 2,649 

 3,709 

 957 

 10/14/04 

 Germantown / Spaten Court 

 273 

 607 

 1,411 

 92 

 608 

 1,502 

 2,110 

 525 

 10/14/04 

 Milwaukee/ N 77th St 

 570 

 1,241 

 2,882 

 289 

 1,242 

 3,170 

 4,412 

 1,153 

 10/14/04 

 Milwaukee/ S 13th St 

 668 

 1,484 

 3,446 

 243 

 1,485 

 3,688 

 5,173 

 1,306 

 10/14/04 

 Oak Creek / S 27th St 

 347 

 751 

 1,746 

 188 

 752 

 1,933 

 2,685 

 703 

 10/14/04 

 Waukesha / Arcadian Ave 

 756 

 1,665 

 3,868 

 322 

 1,667 

 4,188 

 5,855 

 1,550 

 10/14/04 

 West Allis / W Lincoln Ave 

 632 

 1,390 

 3,227 

 277 

 1,391 

 3,503 

 4,894 

 1,258 

 10/14/04 

 Garland / O'Banion Rd 

 - 

 606 

 1,414 

 162 

 608 

 1,574 

 2,182 

 613 

 10/14/04 

 Grand Prairie/ Hwy360 

 - 

 942 

 2,198 

 151 

 944 

 2,347 

 3,291 

 860 

 10/14/04 

 Duncanville/N Duncnvill 

 - 

 1,524 

 3,556 

 399 

 1,525 

 3,954 

 5,479 

 1,568 

 10/14/04 

 Lancaster/ W Pleasant 

 - 

 993 

 2,317 

 147 

 995 

 2,462 

 3,457 

 889 

 10/14/04 

 Mesquite / Oates Dr 

 - 

 937 

 2,186 

 154 

 939 

 2,338 

 3,277 

 856 

 10/14/04 

 Dallas / E NW Hwy 

 - 

 942 

 2,198 

 148 

 944 

 2,344 

 3,288 

 855 

 11/24/04 

 Pompano Beach/E. Sample 

 - 

 1,608 

 3,754 

 240 

 1,621 

 3,981 

 5,602 

 1,377 

 11/24/04 

 Davie / SW 41st St. 

 - 

 2,467 

 5,758 

 252 

 2,466 

 6,011 

 8,477 

 2,097 

 11/24/04 

 North Bay Village/Kennedy 

 - 

 3,275 

 7,644 

 268 

 3,274 

 7,913 

 11,187 

 2,718 

 11/24/04 

 Miami / Biscayne Blvd 

 5,094 

 3,538 

 8,258 

 231 

 3,537 

 8,490 

 12,027 

 2,935 

 11/24/04 

 Miami Gardens/NW 57th St 

 5,413 

 2,706 

 6,316 

 203 

 2,706 

 6,519 

 9,225 

 2,232 

 11/24/04 

 Tamarac/ N University Dr 

 - 

 2,580 

 6,022 

 192 

 2,580 

 6,214 

 8,794 

 2,128 

 11/24/04 

 Miami / SW 31st Ave 

 - 

 11,574 

 27,009 

 370 

 11,571 

 27,382 

 38,953 

 9,081 

 11/24/04 

 Hialeah / W 20th Ave 

 - 

 2,224 

 5,192 

 477 

 2,224 

 5,669 

 7,893 

 2,196 

 11/24/04 

 Miami / SW 42nd St 

 - 

 2,955 

 6,897 

 563 

 2,958 

 7,457 

 10,415 

 2,850 

 11/24/04 

 Miami / SW 40th St 

 - 

 2,933 

 6,844 

 570 

 2,932 

 7,415 

 10,347 

 2,866 

 11/25/04 

 Carlsbad/CorteDelAbeto 

 - 

 2,861 

 6,676 

 3,190 

 2,861 

 9,866 

 12,727 

 3,062 

 01/19/05 

 Cheektowaga / William St 

 - 

 965 

 2,262 

 68 

 964 

 2,331 

 3,295 

 906 

 01/19/05 

 Amherst / Millersport Hwy 

 - 

 1,431 

 3,350 

 89 

 1,431 

 3,439 

 4,870 

 1,335 

 01/19/05 

 Lancaster / Walden Ave 

 - 

 528 

 1,244 

 122 

 528 

 1,366 

 1,894 

 548 

 01/19/05 

 Tonawanda/HospitalityCentreWay 

 - 

 1,205 

 2,823 

 76 

 1,205 

 2,899 

 4,104 

 1,114 

 F-77 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 01/19/05 

 Wheatfield / Niagara Falls Blv 

 - 

 1,130 

 2,649 

 62 

 1,130 

 2,711 

 3,841 

 1,051 

 01/20/05 

 Oak Lawn / Southwest Hwy 

 - 

 1,850 

 4,330 

 245 

 1,850 

 4,575 

 6,425 

 1,776 

 02/25/05 

 Owings Mills / Reisterstown Rd 

 - 

 887 

 3,865 

 18 

 887 

 3,883 

 4,770 

 1,237 

 04/26/05 

 Hoboken / 8th St 

 - 

 3,963 

 9,290 

 508 

 3,962 

 9,799 

 13,761 

 3,777 

 05/03/05 

 Bayville / 939 Route 9 

 - 

 1,928 

 4,519 

 125 

 1,928 

 4,644 

 6,572 

 1,744 

 05/03/05 

 Bricktown / Burnt Tavern Rd 

 - 

 3,522 

 8,239 

 191 

 3,521 

 8,431 

 11,952 

 3,132 

 05/03/05 

 JacksonTwnshp/N.County Line Rd 

 - 

 1,555 

 3,647 

 89 

 1,554 

 3,737 

 5,291 

 1,402 

 05/16/05 

 Methuen / Pleasant Valley St 

 - 

 2,263 

 4,540 

 204 

 2,263 

 4,744 

 7,007 

 1,485 

 05/19/05 

 Libertyville / Kelley Crt 

 - 

 2,042 

 4,783 

 124 

 2,042 

 4,907 

 6,949 

 1,832 

 05/19/05 

 Joliet / Essington 

 - 

 1,434 

 3,367 

 150 

 1,434 

 3,517 

 4,951 

 1,337 

 06/15/05 

 Atlanta/Howell Mill Rd NW 

 - 

 1,864 

 4,363 

 72 

 1,864 

 4,435 

 6,299 

 1,637 

 06/15/05 

 Smyrna / Herodian Way SE 

 - 

 1,294 

 3,032 

 169 

 1,293 

 3,202 

 4,495 

 1,175 

 07/07/05 

 Lithonia / Minola Dr 

 - 

 1,273 

 2,985 

 141 

 1,272 

 3,127 

 4,399 

 1,167 

 07/14/05 

 Kennesaw / Bells Ferry Rd NW 

 - 

 1,264 

 2,976 

 837 

 1,264 

 3,813 

 5,077 

 1,352 

 07/28/05 

 Atlanta / Monroe Dr NE 

 - 

 2,914 

 6,829 

 1,064 

 2,913 

 7,894 

 10,807 

 2,793 

 08/11/05 

 Suwanee / Old Peachtree Rd NE 

 - 

 1,914 

 4,497 

 229 

 1,914 

 4,726 

 6,640 

 1,763 

 09/08/05 

 Brandon / Providence Rd 

 - 

 2,592 

 6,067 

 165 

 2,592 

 6,232 

 8,824 

 2,234 

 09/15/05 

 Woodstock / Hwy 92 

 - 

 1,251 

 2,935 

 82 

 1,250 

 3,018 

 4,268 

 1,098 

 09/22/05 

 Charlotte / W. Arrowood Rd 

 - 

 1,426 

 3,335 

 (136) 

 1,153 

 3,472 

 4,625 

 1,224 

 10/05/05 

 Jacksonville Beach / Beach Bl 

 - 

 2,552 

 5,981 

 221 

 2,552 

 6,202 

 8,754 

 2,223 

 10/05/05 

 Bronx / Brush Ave 

 - 

 4,517 

 10,581 

 172 

 4,516 

 10,754 

 15,270 

 3,801 

 10/11/05 

 Austin / E. Ben White Blvd 

 - 

 213 

 3,461 

 26 

 213 

 3,487 

 3,700 

 950 

 10/13/05 

 Deerfield Beach/S. Powerline R 

 - 

 3,365 

 7,874 

 196 

 3,364 

 8,071 

 11,435 

 2,857 

 10/14/05 

 Cooper City / Sheridan St 

 - 

 3,035 

 7,092 

 296 

 3,034 

 7,389 

 10,423 

 2,585 

 10/20/05 

 Staten Island / Veterans Rd W. 

 - 

 3,599 

 8,430 

 248 

 3,598 

 8,679 

 12,277 

 3,058 

 10/20/05 

 Pittsburg / LoveridgeCenter 

 - 

 3,602 

 8,448 

 142 

 3,601 

 8,591 

 12,192 

 3,004 

 10/21/05 

 Norristown / W.Main St 

 - 

 1,465 

 4,818 

 339 

 1,465 

 5,157 

 6,622 

 1,485 

 11/02/05 

 Miller Place / Route 25A 

 - 

 2,757 

 6,459 

 207 

 2,757 

 6,666 

 9,423 

 4,187 

 11/18/05 

 Miami / Biscayne Blvd 

 - 

 7,434 

 17,268 

 445 

 7,433 

 17,714 

 25,147 

 6,058 

 12/01/05 

 Manchester / Taylor St 

 - 

 1,305 

 3,029 

 191 

 1,305 

 3,220 

 4,525 

 1,206 

 12/07/05 

 Buffalo Grove/E. Aptakisic Rd 

 - 

 1,986 

 4,635 

 125 

 1,986 

 4,760 

 6,746 

 1,664 

 12/13/05 

 Lorton / Pohick Rd & I95 

 - 

 1,167 

 4,582 

 423 

 1,184 

 4,988 

 6,172 

 1,455 

 12/16/05 

 Pico Rivera / Washington Blvd 

 - 

 4,719 

 11,012 

 106 

 4,719 

 11,118 

 15,837 

 3,826 

 F-78 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 12/27/05 

 Queens Village / Jamaica Ave 

 - 

 3,409 

 5,494 

 96 

 3,409 

 5,590 

 8,999 

 1,781 

 01/01/06 

 Costa Mesa / Placentia-A 

 - 

 275 

 754 

 177 

 275 

 931 

 1,206 

 259 

 01/01/06 

 Van Nuys / Sepulveda-A 

 - 

 497 

 886 

 135 

 497 

 1,021 

 1,518 

 301 

 01/01/06 

 Pico Rivera / Beverly 

 - 

 303 

 865 

 48 

 303 

 913 

 1,216 

 213 

 01/01/06 

 San Dimas 

 - 

 222 

 1,505 

 267 

 222 

 1,772 

 1,994 

 522 

 01/01/06 

 Long Beach / Cherry Ave 

 - 

 801 

 1,723 

 2,978 

 801 

 4,701 

 5,502 

 522 

 01/01/06 

 E.LA / Valley Blvd 

 - 

 670 

 1,845 

 369 

 685 

 2,199 

 2,884 

 708 

 01/01/06 

 Glendale / Eagle Rock Blvd 

 - 

 1,240 

 1,831 

 185 

 1,240 

 2,016 

 3,256 

 1,374 

 01/01/06 

 N. Pasadena / Lincoln Ave 

 - 

 357 

 535 

 62 

 357 

 597 

 954 

 164 

 01/01/06 

 Crossroads Pkwy/ 605 & 60 Fwys 

 - 

 146 

 773 

 70 

 146 

 843 

 989 

 232 

 01/01/06 

 Fremont / Enterprise 

 - 

 122 

 727 

 211 

 122 

 938 

 1,060 

 302 

 01/01/06 

 Milpitas/Montague I &Watson Ct 

 - 

 212 

 607 

 174 

 212 

 781 

 993 

 204 

 01/01/06 

 Wilmington 

 - 

 890 

 1,345 

 191 

 890 

 1,536 

 2,426 

 390 

 01/01/06 

 Sun Valley / Glenoaks 

 - 

 359 

 616 

 76 

 359 

 692 

 1,051 

 167 

 01/01/06 

 Corona 

 - 

 169 

 722 

 118 

 169 

 840 

 1,009 

 155 

 01/01/06 

 Norco 

 - 

 106 

 410 

 70 

 106 

 480 

 586 

 93 

 01/01/06 

 N. Hollywood / Vanowen 

 - 

 343 

 567 

 63 

 343 

 630 

 973 

 177 

 01/05/06 

 Norfolk/Widgeon Rd. 

 - 

 1,328 

 3,125 

 153 

 1,328 

 3,278 

 4,606 

 1,106 

 01/11/06 

 Goleta/Hollister&Stork 

 3,773 

 2,873 

 6,788 

 175 

 2,873 

 6,963 

 9,836 

 2,393 

 02/15/06 

 RockvilleCtr/Sunrs 

 - 

 1,813 

 4,264 

 1,537 

 1,813 

 5,801 

 7,614 

 2,018 

 03/16/06 

 Deerfield/S. Pfingsten Rd. 

 - 

 1,953 

 4,569 

 150 

 1,953 

 4,719 

 6,672 

 1,612 

 03/28/06 

 Pembroke Pines/S. Douglas Rd. 

 - 

 3,008 

 7,018 

 136 

 3,008 

 7,154 

 10,162 

 2,385 

 03/30/06 

 Miami/SW 24th Ave. 

 - 

 4,272 

 9,969 

 199 

 4,272 

 10,168 

 14,440 

 3,330 

 03/31/06 

 San Diego/MiraMesa&PacHts 

 - 

 2,492 

 7,127 

 85 

 2,492 

 7,212 

 9,704 

 1,957 

 05/01/06 

 Wilmington/Kirkwood Hwy 

 - 

 1,572 

 3,672 

 209 

 1,572 

 3,881 

 5,453 

 1,291 

 05/01/06 

 Jupiter/5100 Military Trail 

 - 

 4,397 

 10,266 

 195 

 4,397 

 10,461 

 14,858 

 3,390 

 05/01/06 

 Neptune/Neptune Blvd. 

 - 

 3,240 

 7,564 

 163 

 3,240 

 7,727 

 10,967 

 2,538 

 05/15/06 

 Suwanee/Peachtree Pkwy 

 - 

 2,483 

 5,799 

 92 

 2,483 

 5,891 

 8,374 

 1,901 

 05/26/06 

 Honolulu/Kapiolani&Kamake 

 - 

 9,329 

 20,400 

 496 

 9,329 

 20,896 

 30,225 

 5,548 

 06/06/06 

 Tampa/30th St 

 - 

 2,283 

 5,337 

 171 

 2,283 

 5,508 

 7,791 

 1,793 

 06/22/06 

 Centennial/S. Parker Rd. 

 - 

 1,786 

 4,173 

 119 

 1,786 

 4,292 

 6,078 

 1,399 

 07/01/06 

 Brooklyn/Knapp St 

 - 

 6,701 

 5,088 

 22 

 6,701 

 5,110 

 11,811 

 1,334 

 08/22/06 

 Scottsdale North 

 - 

 5,037 

 14,000 

 321 

 5,036 

 14,322 

 19,358 

 3,916 

 F-79 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Dobson Ranch 

 - 

 1,896 

 5,065 

 141 

 1,896 

 5,206 

 7,102 

 1,441 

 08/22/06 

 Scottsdale Air Park 

 - 

 1,560 

 7,060 

 68 

 1,560 

 7,128 

 8,688 

 1,891 

 08/22/06 

 Shea 

 - 

 2,271 

 6,402 

 74 

 2,270 

 6,477 

 8,747 

 1,729 

 08/22/06 

 Collonade Mall 

 - 

 - 

 3,569 

 80 

 - 

 3,649 

 3,649 

 988 

 08/22/06 

 Union Hills 

 - 

 2,618 

 5,357 

 99 

 2,617 

 5,457 

 8,074 

 1,473 

 08/22/06 

 Speedway 

 - 

 1,921 

 6,105 

 219 

 1,920 

 6,325 

 8,245 

 1,769 

 08/22/06 

 Mill Avenue 

 - 

 621 

 2,447 

 127 

 621 

 2,574 

 3,195 

 741 

 08/22/06 

 Cooper Road 

 - 

 2,378 

 3,970 

 125 

 2,377 

 4,096 

 6,473 

 1,128 

 08/22/06 

 Desert Sky 

 - 

 1,603 

 4,667 

 158 

 1,603 

 4,825 

 6,428 

 1,318 

 08/22/06 

 Tanque Verde Road 

 - 

 1,636 

 3,714 

 78 

 1,636 

 3,792 

 5,428 

 1,019 

 08/22/06 

 Oro Valley 

 - 

 1,729 

 6,158 

 88 

 1,728 

 6,247 

 7,975 

 1,674 

 08/22/06 

 Sunnyvale 

 - 

 5,647 

 16,555 

 298 

 5,646 

 16,854 

 22,500 

 4,495 

 08/22/06 

 El Cerito 

 - 

 2,002 

 8,710 

 187 

 2,001 

 8,898 

 10,899 

 2,392 

 08/22/06 

 Westwood 

 - 

 7,826 

 13,848 

 667 

 7,824 

 14,517 

 22,341 

 3,996 

 08/22/06 

 El Cajon 

 - 

 7,490 

 13,341 

 1,897 

 7,488 

 15,240 

 22,728 

 4,361 

 08/22/06 

 Santa Ana 

 - 

 12,432 

 10,961 

 817 

 12,429 

 11,781 

 24,210 

 3,523 

 08/22/06 

 Culver City / 405 & Jefferson 

 - 

 3,689 

 14,555 

 189 

 3,688 

 14,745 

 18,433 

 3,954 

 08/22/06 

 Solana Beach 

 - 

 - 

 11,163 

 360 

 - 

 11,523 

 11,523 

 3,169 

 08/22/06 

 Huntington Beach 

 - 

 3,914 

 11,064 

 255 

 3,913 

 11,320 

 15,233 

 3,023 

 08/22/06 

 Ontario 

 - 

 2,904 

 5,762 

 242 

 2,904 

 6,004 

 8,908 

 1,713 

 08/22/06 

 Orange 

 - 

 2,421 

 9,184 

 283 

 2,421 

 9,467 

 11,888 

 2,540 

 08/22/06 

 Daly City 

 - 

 4,034 

 13,280 

 1,030 

 4,033 

 14,311 

 18,344 

 4,012 

 08/22/06 

 Castro Valley 

 - 

 3,682 

 5,986 

 245 

 3,681 

 6,232 

 9,913 

 1,661 

 08/22/06 

 Newark 

 - 

 3,550 

 6,512 

 96 

 3,550 

 6,608 

 10,158 

 1,757 

 08/22/06 

 Sacramento 

 - 

 1,864 

 4,399 

 101 

 1,864 

 4,500 

 6,364 

 1,217 

 08/22/06 

 San Leandro 

 - 

 2,979 

 4,776 

 122 

 2,979 

 4,898 

 7,877 

 1,322 

 08/22/06 

 San Lorenzo 

 - 

 1,842 

 4,387 

 149 

 1,841 

 4,537 

 6,378 

 1,252 

 08/22/06 

 Tracy 

 - 

 959 

 3,791 

 125 

 959 

 3,916 

 4,875 

 1,073 

 08/22/06 

 Aliso Viejo 

 - 

 6,640 

 11,486 

 148 

 6,639 

 11,635 

 18,274 

 3,098 

 08/22/06 

 Alicia Parkway 

 - 

 5,669 

 12,680 

 548 

 5,668 

 13,229 

 18,897 

 3,748 

 08/22/06 

 Capitol Expressway 

 - 

 - 

 3,970 

 95 

 - 

 4,065 

 4,065 

 1,094 

 08/22/06 

 Vista Park 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 140 

 - 

 140 

 140 

 90 

 08/22/06 

 Oakley 

 - 

 2,419 

 5,452 

 218 

 2,418 

 5,671 

 8,089 

 1,590 

 F-80 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Livermore 

 - 

 2,972 

 6,816 

 129 

 2,971 

 6,946 

 9,917 

 1,846 

 08/22/06 

 Sand City 

 - 

 2,563 

 8,291 

 91 

 2,563 

 8,382 

 10,945 

 2,220 

 08/22/06 

 Tracy II 

 - 

 1,762 

 4,487 

 121 

 1,762 

 4,608 

 6,370 

 1,261 

 08/22/06 

 SF-Evans 

 - 

 3,966 

 7,487 

 488 

 3,965 

 7,976 

 11,941 

 2,354 

 08/22/06 

 Natomas 

 - 

 1,302 

 5,063 

 113 

 1,302 

 5,176 

 6,478 

 1,408 

 08/22/06 

 Golden / 6th & Simms 

 - 

 853 

 2,817 

 209 

 853 

 3,026 

 3,879 

 853 

 08/22/06 

 Littleton / Hampden - South 

 - 

 1,040 

 2,261 

 54 

 1,040 

 2,315 

 3,355 

 630 

 08/22/06 

 Margate 

 - 

 3,482 

 5,742 

 243 

 3,482 

 5,985 

 9,467 

 1,681 

 08/22/06 

 Delray Beach 

 - 

 3,546 

 7,076 

 180 

 3,546 

 7,256 

 10,802 

 1,966 

 08/22/06 

 Lauderhill 

 - 

 2,807 

 6,668 

 154 

 2,807 

 6,822 

 9,629 

 1,863 

 08/22/06 

 Roswell 

 - 

 908 

 3,308 

 201 

 908 

 3,509 

 4,417 

 1,026 

 08/22/06 

 Morgan Falls 

 - 

 3,229 

 7,844 

 159 

 3,228 

 8,004 

 11,232 

 2,141 

 08/22/06 

 Norcross 

 - 

 724 

 2,197 

 160 

 724 

 2,357 

 3,081 

 695 

 08/22/06 

 Stone Mountain 

 - 

 500 

 2,055 

 158 

 500 

 2,213 

 2,713 

 643 

 08/22/06 

 Tucker 

 - 

 731 

 2,664 

 242 

 731 

 2,906 

 3,637 

 824 

 08/22/06 

 Forest Park 

 - 

 502 

 1,731 

 192 

 502 

 1,923 

 2,425 

 570 

 08/22/06 

 Clairmont Road 

 - 

 804 

 2,345 

 126 

 804 

 2,471 

 3,275 

 695 

 08/22/06 

 Gwinnett Place 

 - 

 1,728 

 3,982 

 117 

 1,728 

 4,099 

 5,827 

 1,107 

 08/22/06 

 Perimeter Center 

 - 

 3,414 

 8,283 

 194 

 3,413 

 8,478 

 11,891 

 2,264 

 08/22/06 

 Peachtree Industrial Blvd. 

 - 

 2,443 

 6,682 

 210 

 2,442 

 6,893 

 9,335 

 1,857 

 08/22/06 

 Satellite Blvd 

 - 

 1,940 

 3,907 

 186 

 1,940 

 4,093 

 6,033 

 1,131 

 08/22/06 

 Hillside 

 - 

 1,949 

 3,611 

 197 

 1,949 

 3,808 

 5,757 

 1,083 

 08/22/06 

 Orland Park 

 - 

 2,977 

 5,443 

 197 

 2,976 

 5,641 

 8,617 

 1,571 

 08/22/06 

 Bolingbrook / Brook Ct 

 - 

 1,342 

 2,133 

 143 

 1,342 

 2,276 

 3,618 

 642 

 08/22/06 

 Wheaton 

 - 

 1,531 

 5,584 

 202 

 1,531 

 5,786 

 7,317 

 1,563 

 08/22/06 

 Lincolnwood / Touhy 

 - 

 700 

 3,307 

 89 

 700 

 3,396 

 4,096 

 926 

 08/22/06 

 Niles 

 - 

 826 

 1,473 

 144 

 826 

 1,617 

 2,443 

 474 

 08/22/06 

 Berwyn 

 - 

 728 

 5,310 

 228 

 728 

 5,538 

 6,266 

 1,545 

 08/22/06 

 Chicago Hts / N Western 

 - 

 1,367 

 3,359 

 135 

 1,367 

 3,494 

 4,861 

 979 

 08/22/06 

 River West 

 - 

 296 

 2,443 

 200 

 296 

 2,643 

 2,939 

 775 

 08/22/06 

 Fullerton 

 - 

 1,369 

 6,500 

 390 

 1,369 

 6,890 

 8,259 

 2,006 

 08/22/06 

 Glenview West 

 - 

 1,283 

 2,621 

 245 

 1,282 

 2,867 

 4,149 

 793 

 08/22/06 

 Glendale / Keystone Ave. 

 - 

 1,733 

 3,958 

 223 

 1,733 

 4,181 

 5,914 

 1,147 

 F-81 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 College Park / W. 86th St. 

 - 

 1,381 

 2,669 

 56 

 1,381 

 2,725 

 4,106 

 752 

 08/22/06 

 Carmel / N. Range Line Rd. 

 - 

 2,580 

 5,025 

 207 

 2,580 

 5,232 

 7,812 

 1,428 

 08/22/06 

 Geogetown / Georgetown Rd. 

 - 

 1,263 

 4,224 

 130 

 1,263 

 4,354 

 5,617 

 1,183 

 08/22/06 

 Fishers / Allisonville Rd. 

 - 

 2,106 

 3,629 

 326 

 2,105 

 3,956 

 6,061 

 1,165 

 08/22/06 

 Castleton / Corporate Dr. 

 - 

 914 

 2,465 

 138 

 914 

 2,603 

 3,517 

 754 

 08/22/06 

 Geist / Fitness Lane 

 - 

 2,133 

 3,718 

 93 

 2,133 

 3,811 

 5,944 

 1,047 

 08/22/06 

 Indianapolis / E. 6nd St. 

 - 

 444 

 2,141 

 79 

 444 

 2,220 

 2,664 

 615 

 08/22/06 

 Suitland 

 - 

 2,337 

 5,799 

 240 

 2,336 

 6,040 

 8,376 

 1,682 

 08/22/06 

 Gaithersburg 

 - 

 4,239 

 8,516 

 251 

 4,238 

 8,768 

 13,006 

 2,422 

 08/22/06 

 Germantown 

 - 

 2,057 

 4,510 

 225 

 2,057 

 4,735 

 6,792 

 1,339 

 08/22/06 

 Briggs Chaney 

 - 

 2,073 

 2,802 

 82 

 2,024 

 2,933 

 4,957 

 803 

 08/22/06 

 Oxon Hill 

 - 

 1,557 

 3,971 

 118 

 1,556 

 4,090 

 5,646 

 1,122 

 08/22/06 

 Frederick / Thomas Johnson 

 - 

 1,811 

 2,695 

 227 

 1,811 

 2,922 

 4,733 

 875 

 08/22/06 

 Clinton 

 - 

 2,728 

 5,363 

 87 

 2,728 

 5,450 

 8,178 

 1,485 

 08/22/06 

 Reisterstown 

 - 

 833 

 2,035 

 106 

 833 

 2,141 

 2,974 

 619 

 08/22/06 

 Plymouth 

 - 

 2,018 

 4,415 

 143 

 2,017 

 4,559 

 6,576 

 1,262 

 08/22/06 

 Madison Heights 

 - 

 2,354 

 4,391 

 162 

 2,354 

 4,553 

 6,907 

 1,308 

 08/22/06 

 Ann Arbor 

 - 

 1,921 

 4,068 

 113 

 1,920 

 4,182 

 6,102 

 1,143 

 08/22/06 

 Canton 

 - 

 710 

 4,287 

 202 

 710 

 4,489 

 5,199 

 1,254 

 08/22/06 

 Fraser 

 - 

 2,026 

 5,393 

 170 

 2,025 

 5,564 

 7,589 

 1,533 

 08/22/06 

 Livonia 

 - 

 1,849 

 3,860 

 142 

 1,848 

 4,003 

 5,851 

 1,092 

 08/22/06 

 Sterling Heights 

 - 

 2,996 

 5,358 

 178 

 2,995 

 5,537 

 8,532 

 1,529 

 08/22/06 

 Warren 

 - 

 3,345 

 7,004 

 133 

 3,344 

 7,138 

 10,482 

 1,900 

 08/22/06 

 Rochester 

 - 

 1,876 

 3,032 

 213 

 1,876 

 3,245 

 5,121 

 928 

 08/22/06 

 Taylor 

 - 

 1,635 

 4,808 

 174 

 1,634 

 4,983 

 6,617 

 1,375 

 08/22/06 

 Jackson 

 - 

 442 

 1,756 

 217 

 442 

 1,973 

 2,415 

 585 

 08/22/06 

 Troy 

 - 

 1,237 

 2,093 

 46 

 1,237 

 2,139 

 3,376 

 591 

 08/22/06 

 Rochester Hills 

 - 

 1,780 

 4,559 

 74 

 1,780 

 4,633 

 6,413 

 1,240 

 08/22/06 

 Auburn Hills 

 - 

 1,888 

 3,017 

 139 

 1,887 

 3,157 

 5,044 

 890 

 08/22/06 

 Flint South 

 - 

 543 

 3,068 

 116 

 542 

 3,185 

 3,727 

 882 

 08/22/06 

 Troy - Maple 

 - 

 2,570 

 5,775 

 127 

 2,570 

 5,902 

 8,472 

 1,572 

 08/22/06 

 Matawan 

 - 

 4,282 

 7,813 

 488 

 4,282 

 8,301 

 12,583 

 2,388 

 08/22/06 

 Marlboro 

 - 

 2,214 

 5,868 

 212 

 2,214 

 6,080 

 8,294 

 1,673 

 F-82 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Voorhees 

 - 

 2,705 

 5,486 

 108 

 2,705 

 5,594 

 8,299 

 1,494 

 08/22/06 

 Dover/Rockaway 

 - 

 3,395 

 5,327 

 110 

 3,394 

 5,438 

 8,832 

 1,467 

 08/22/06 

 Marlton 

 - 

 1,635 

 2,273 

 104 

 1,635 

 2,377 

 4,012 

 667 

 08/22/06 

 West Paterson 

 - 

 701 

 5,689 

 284 

 701 

 5,973 

 6,674 

 1,691 

 08/22/06 

 Yonkers 

 - 

 4,473 

 9,925 

 3,071 

 4,473 

 12,996 

 17,469 

 4,142 

 08/22/06 

 Van Dam Street 

 - 

 3,527 

 6,935 

 2,903 

 3,527 

 9,838 

 13,365 

 3,896 

 08/22/06 

 Northern Blvd 

 - 

 5,373 

 9,970 

 2,988 

 5,372 

 12,959 

 18,331 

 5,149 

 08/22/06 

 Gold Street 

 - 

 6,747 

 16,544 

 3,649 

 6,746 

 20,194 

 26,940 

 7,331 

 08/22/06 

 Utica Avenue 

 - 

 7,746 

 13,063 

 1,644 

 7,744 

 14,709 

 22,453 

 4,725 

 08/22/06 

 Melville 

 - 

 4,659 

 6,572 

 3,702 

 4,658 

 10,275 

 14,933 

 2,249 

 08/22/06 

 Westgate 

 - 

 697 

 1,211 

 160 

 697 

 1,371 

 2,068 

 430 

 08/22/06 

 Capital Boulevard 

 - 

 757 

 1,681 

 102 

 757 

 1,783 

 2,540 

 529 

 08/22/06 

 Cary 

 - 

 1,145 

 5,104 

 237 

 1,145 

 5,341 

 6,486 

 1,495 

 08/22/06 

 Garner 

 - 

 529 

 1,211 

 126 

 529 

 1,337 

 1,866 

 390 

 08/22/06 

 Morrisville 

 - 

 703 

 1,880 

 144 

 703 

 2,024 

 2,727 

 602 

 08/22/06 

 Atlantic Avenue 

 - 

 1,693 

 6,293 

 211 

 1,692 

 6,505 

 8,197 

 1,764 

 08/22/06 

 Friendly Avenue 

 - 

 1,169 

 3,043 

 223 

 1,169 

 3,266 

 4,435 

 928 

 08/22/06 

 Glenwood Avenue 

 - 

 1,689 

 4,948 

 181 

 1,689 

 5,129 

 6,818 

 1,418 

 08/22/06 

 Poole Road 

 - 

 1,271 

 2,919 

 154 

 1,271 

 3,073 

 4,344 

 860 

 08/22/06 

 South Raleigh 

 - 

 800 

 2,219 

 147 

 800 

 2,366 

 3,166 

 668 

 08/22/06 

 Wendover 

 - 

 2,891 

 7,656 

 240 

 2,891 

 7,896 

 10,787 

 2,177 

 08/22/06 

 Beaverton / Hwy 217 

 - 

 2,130 

 3,908 

 133 

 2,130 

 4,041 

 6,171 

 1,117 

 08/22/06 

 Gresham / Hogan Rd 

 - 

 1,957 

 4,438 

 157 

 1,957 

 4,595 

 6,552 

 1,297 

 08/22/06 

 Hillsboro / TV Hwy 

 - 

 3,095 

 8,504 

 115 

 3,095 

 8,619 

 11,714 

 2,296 

 08/22/06 

 Westchester 

 - 

 - 

 5,735 

 352 

 - 

 6,087 

 6,087 

 1,703 

 08/22/06 

 Airport 

 - 

 4,597 

 8,728 

 325 

 4,596 

 9,054 

 13,650 

 2,515 

 08/22/06 

 Oxford Valley 

 - 

 2,430 

 5,365 

 141 

 2,430 

 5,506 

 7,936 

 1,501 

 08/22/06 

 Valley Forge 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 82 

 - 

 82 

 82 

 67 

 08/22/06 

 Jenkintown 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 66 

 - 

 66 

 66 

 39 

 08/22/06 

 Burke 

 - 

 2,522 

 4,019 

 86 

 2,521 

 4,106 

 6,627 

 1,100 

 08/22/06 

 Midlothian Turnpike 

 - 

 1,978 

 3,244 

 112 

 1,978 

 3,356 

 5,334 

 936 

 08/22/06 

 South Military Highway 

 - 

 1,611 

 2,903 

 97 

 1,610 

 3,001 

 4,611 

 819 

 08/22/06 

 Newport News North 

 - 

 2,073 

 4,067 

 126 

 2,072 

 4,194 

 6,266 

 1,142 

 F-83 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Virginia Beach Blvd. 

 - 

 2,743 

 4,786 

 153 

 2,743 

 4,939 

 7,682 

 1,364 

 08/22/06 

 Bayside 

 - 

 1,570 

 2,708 

 71 

 1,570 

 2,779 

 4,349 

 754 

 08/22/06 

 Chesapeake 

 - 

 1,507 

 4,296 

 106 

 1,506 

 4,403 

 5,909 

 1,188 

 08/22/06 

 Leesburg 

 - 

 1,935 

 2,485 

 85 

 1,935 

 2,570 

 4,505 

 707 

 08/22/06 

 Dale City 

 - 

 1,885 

 3,335 

 177 

 1,885 

 3,512 

 5,397 

 992 

 08/22/06 

 Gainesville 

 - 

 1,377 

 2,046 

 151 

 1,377 

 2,197 

 3,574 

 630 

 08/22/06 

 Charlottesville 

 - 

 1,481 

 2,397 

 114 

 1,481 

 2,511 

 3,992 

 708 

 08/22/06 

 Laskin Road 

 - 

 1,448 

 2,634 

 103 

 1,447 

 2,738 

 4,185 

 757 

 08/22/06 

 Holland Road 

 - 

 1,565 

 2,227 

 1,042 

 1,387 

 3,447 

 4,834 

 771 

 08/22/06 

 Princess Anne Road 

 - 

 1,479 

 2,766 

 63 

 1,478 

 2,830 

 4,308 

 772 

 08/22/06 

 Cedar Road 

 - 

 1,138 

 2,083 

 96 

 1,138 

 2,179 

 3,317 

 613 

 08/22/06 

 Crater Road 

 - 

 1,497 

 2,266 

 132 

 1,497 

 2,398 

 3,895 

 702 

 08/22/06 

 Temple 

 - 

 993 

 2,231 

 217 

 993 

 2,448 

 3,441 

 705 

 08/22/06 

 Jefferson Davis Hwy 

 - 

 954 

 2,156 

 69 

 954 

 2,225 

 3,179 

 613 

 08/22/06 

 McLean 

 - 

 - 

 8,815 

 172 

 - 

 8,987 

 8,987 

 5,260 

 08/22/06 

 Burke Centre 

 - 

 4,756 

 8,705 

 185 

 4,756 

 8,890 

 13,646 

 2,380 

 08/22/06 

 Fordson 

 - 

 3,063 

 5,235 

 131 

 3,063 

 5,366 

 8,429 

 1,452 

 08/22/06 

 Fullerton 

 - 

 4,199 

 8,867 

 276 

 4,199 

 9,143 

 13,342 

 2,505 

 08/22/06 

 Telegraph 

 - 

 2,183 

 4,467 

 178 

 2,183 

 4,645 

 6,828 

 1,279 

 08/22/06 

 Mt Vernon 

 - 

 4,876 

 11,544 

 366 

 4,875 

 11,911 

 16,786 

 3,206 

 08/22/06 

 Bellingham 

 - 

 2,160 

 4,340 

 193 

 2,160 

 4,533 

 6,693 

 1,252 

 08/22/06 

 Everett Central 

 - 

 2,137 

 4,342 

 128 

 2,136 

 4,471 

 6,607 

 1,213 

 08/22/06 

 Tacoma / Highland Hills 

 - 

 2,647 

 5,533 

 222 

 2,647 

 5,755 

 8,402 

 1,624 

 08/22/06 

 Edmonds 

 - 

 5,883 

 10,514 

 316 

 5,882 

 10,831 

 16,713 

 2,963 

 08/22/06 

 Kirkland 124th 

 - 

 2,827 

 5,031 

 205 

 2,826 

 5,237 

 8,063 

 1,503 

 08/22/06 

 Woodinville 

 - 

 2,603 

 5,723 

 163 

 2,603 

 5,886 

 8,489 

 1,607 

 08/22/06 

 Burien / Des Moines 

 - 

 3,063 

 5,952 

 312 

 3,062 

 6,265 

 9,327 

 1,771 

 08/22/06 

 SeaTac 

 - 

 2,439 

 4,623 

 612 

 2,439 

 5,235 

 7,674 

 1,661 

 08/22/06 

 Southcenter 

 - 

 2,054 

 3,665 

 179 

 2,053 

 3,845 

 5,898 

 1,108 

 08/22/06 

 Puyallup / Canyon Rd 

 - 

 1,123 

 1,940 

 93 

 1,123 

 2,033 

 3,156 

 570 

 08/22/06 

 Puyallup / South Hill 

 - 

 1,567 

 2,610 

 179 

 1,567 

 2,789 

 4,356 

 825 

 08/22/06 

 Queen Anne/Magnolia 

 - 

 3,191 

 11,723 

 190 

 3,190 

 11,914 

 15,104 

 3,201 

 08/22/06 

 Kennydale 

 - 

 3,424 

 7,799 

 514 

 3,424 

 8,313 

 11,737 

 2,223 

 F-84 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Bellefield 

 - 

 3,019 

 5,541 

 341 

 3,018 

 5,883 

 8,901 

 1,674 

 08/22/06 

 Factoria Square 

 - 

 3,431 

 8,891 

 219 

 3,431 

 9,110 

 12,541 

 2,447 

 08/22/06 

 Auburn / 16th Ave 

 - 

 2,491 

 4,716 

 143 

 2,491 

 4,859 

 7,350 

 1,353 

 08/22/06 

 East Bremerton 

 - 

 1,945 

 5,203 

 166 

 1,944 

 5,370 

 7,314 

 1,461 

 08/22/06 

 Port Orchard 

 - 

 1,144 

 2,885 

 175 

 1,143 

 3,061 

 4,204 

 866 

 08/22/06 

 West Seattle 

 - 

 3,573 

 8,711 

 87 

 3,572 

 8,799 

 12,371 

 2,336 

 08/22/06 

 Vancouver / Salmon Creek 

 - 

 2,667 

 5,597 

 104 

 2,666 

 5,702 

 8,368 

 1,557 

 08/22/06 

 West Bremerton 

 - 

 1,778 

 3,067 

 97 

 1,777 

 3,165 

 4,942 

 867 

 08/22/06 

 Kent / 132nd 

 - 

 1,806 

 3,880 

 128 

 1,805 

 4,009 

 5,814 

 1,096 

 08/22/06 

 Lacey / Martin Way 

 - 

 1,211 

 2,162 

 80 

 1,211 

 2,242 

 3,453 

 624 

 08/22/06 

 Lynwood / Hwy 9 

 - 

 2,172 

 3,518 

 222 

 2,171 

 3,741 

 5,912 

 1,045 

 08/22/06 

 W Olympia / Black Lake Blvd 

 - 

 1,295 

 2,300 

 38 

 1,295 

 2,338 

 3,633 

 638 

 08/22/06 

 Parkland / A St 

 - 

 1,855 

 3,819 

 214 

 1,854 

 4,034 

 5,888 

 1,150 

 08/22/06 

 Lake Union 

 - 

 11,602 

 32,019 

 2,632 

 11,600 

 34,653 

 46,253 

 9,281 

 08/22/06 

 Bellevue / 122nd 

 - 

 9,552 

 21,891 

 1,010 

 9,550 

 22,903 

 32,453 

 6,494 

 08/22/06 

 Gig Harbor/Olympic 

 - 

 1,762 

 3,196 

 131 

 1,762 

 3,327 

 5,089 

 918 

 08/22/06 

 Seattle /Ballinger Way 

 - 

 - 

 7,098 

 76 

 - 

 7,174 

 7,174 

 1,908 

 08/22/06 

 Scottsdale South 

 - 

 2,377 

 3,524 

 206 

 2,377 

 3,730 

 6,107 

 1,100 

 08/22/06 

 Phoenix 

 - 

 2,516 

 5,638 

 214 

 2,515 

 5,853 

 8,368 

 1,630 

 08/22/06 

 Chandler 

 - 

 2,910 

 5,460 

 135 

 2,909 

 5,596 

 8,505 

 1,528 

 08/22/06 

 Phoenix East 

 - 

 1,524 

 5,151 

 182 

 1,524 

 5,333 

 6,857 

 1,484 

 08/22/06 

 Mesa 

 - 

 1,604 

 4,434 

 343 

 1,604 

 4,777 

 6,381 

 1,365 

 08/22/06 

 Union City 

 - 

 1,905 

 3,091 

 5,044 

 1,904 

 8,136 

 10,040 

 2,033 

 08/22/06 

 La Habra 

 - 

 5,439 

 10,239 

 312 

 5,438 

 10,552 

 15,990 

 2,839 

 08/22/06 

 Palo Alto 

 - 

 4,259 

 6,362 

 173 

 4,258 

 6,536 

 10,794 

 1,768 

 08/22/06 

 Kearney - Balboa 

 - 

 4,565 

 11,584 

 293 

 4,564 

 11,878 

 16,442 

 3,269 

 08/22/06 

 South San Francisco 

 - 

 1,593 

 4,995 

 352 

 1,593 

 5,347 

 6,940 

 1,557 

 08/22/06 

 Mountain View 

 - 

 1,505 

 3,839 

 75 

 1,505 

 3,914 

 5,419 

 1,060 

 08/22/06 

 Denver / Tamarac 

 - 

 666 

 1,109 

 72 

 665 

 1,182 

 1,847 

 361 

 08/22/06 

 Littleton / Windermere 

 - 

 2,214 

 4,186 

 166 

 2,213 

 4,353 

 6,566 

 1,259 

 08/22/06 

 Thornton / Quivas 

 - 

 547 

 1,439 

 160 

 547 

 1,599 

 2,146 

 501 

 08/22/06 

 Northglenn / Irma Dr. 

 - 

 1,579 

 3,716 

 2,191 

 1,579 

 5,907 

 7,486 

 1,553 

 08/22/06 

 Oakland Park 

 - 

 8,821 

 20,512 

 1,636 

 8,820 

 22,149 

 30,969 

 6,563 

 F-85 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Seminole 

 - 

 1,821 

 3,817 

 114 

 1,820 

 3,932 

 5,752 

 1,093 

 08/22/06 

 Military Trail 

 - 

 6,514 

 10,965 

 693 

 6,513 

 11,659 

 18,172 

 3,342 

 08/22/06 

 Blue Heron 

 - 

 8,121 

 11,641 

 589 

 8,119 

 12,232 

 20,351 

 3,364 

 08/22/06 

 Alsip / 127th St 

 - 

 1,891 

 3,414 

 144 

 1,891 

 3,558 

 5,449 

 1,001 

 08/22/06 

 Dolton 

 - 

 1,784 

 4,508 

 140 

 1,783 

 4,649 

 6,432 

 1,255 

 08/22/06 

 Lombard / 330 North Ave 

 - 

 1,506 

 2,596 

 322 

 1,506 

 2,918 

 4,424 

 943 

 08/22/06 

 Rolling Meadows / Rohlwing 

 - 

 1,839 

 3,620 

 300 

 1,838 

 3,921 

 5,759 

 1,129 

 08/22/06 

 Schaumburg / Hillcrest Blvd 

 - 

 1,732 

 4,026 

 189 

 1,732 

 4,215 

 5,947 

 1,164 

 08/22/06 

 Bridgeview 

 - 

 1,396 

 3,651 

 197 

 1,395 

 3,849 

 5,244 

 1,110 

 08/22/06 

 Willowbrook 

 - 

 1,730 

 3,355 

 175 

 1,729 

 3,531 

 5,260 

 1,004 

 08/22/06 

 Lisle 

 - 

 1,967 

 3,525 

 240 

 1,967 

 3,765 

 5,732 

 1,061 

 08/22/06 

 Laurel 

 - 

 1,323 

 2,577 

 158 

 1,323 

 2,735 

 4,058 

 785 

 08/22/06 

 Crofton 

 - 

 1,373 

 3,377 

 211 

 1,373 

 3,588 

 4,961 

 977 

 08/22/06 

 Lansing 

 - 

 114 

 1,126 

 170 

 114 

 1,296 

 1,410 

 400 

 08/22/06 

 Southfield 

 - 

 4,181 

 6,338 

 104 

 4,180 

 6,443 

 10,623 

 1,733 

 08/22/06 

 Troy - Oakland Mall 

 - 

 2,281 

 4,953 

 192 

 2,281 

 5,145 

 7,426 

 1,394 

 08/22/06 

 Walled Lake 

 - 

 2,788 

 4,784 

 128 

 2,787 

 4,913 

 7,700 

 1,328 

 08/22/06 

 Salem / Lancaster 

 - 

 2,036 

 4,827 

 322 

 2,035 

 5,150 

 7,185 

 1,457 

 08/22/06 

 Tigard / King City 

 - 

 1,959 

 7,189 

 91 

 1,959 

 7,280 

 9,239 

 1,954 

 08/22/06 

 Portland / SE 82nd Ave 

 - 

 1,519 

 4,390 

 201 

 1,518 

 4,592 

 6,110 

 1,247 

 08/22/06 

 Beaverton/HWY 217 

 - 

 3,294 

 7,186 

 147 

 3,294 

 7,333 

 10,627 

 1,987 

 08/22/06 

 Beaverton / Cornell Rd 

 - 

 1,869 

 3,814 

 56 

 1,869 

 3,870 

 5,739 

 1,033 

 08/22/06 

 Fairfax 

 - 

 6,895 

 10,006 

 295 

 6,893 

 10,303 

 17,196 

 2,816 

 08/22/06 

 Falls Church 

 - 

 2,488 

 15,341 

 330 

 2,487 

 15,672 

 18,159 

 4,141 

 08/22/06 

 Manassas West 

 - 

 912 

 2,826 

 147 

 912 

 2,973 

 3,885 

 843 

 08/22/06 

 Herndon 

 - 

 2,625 

 3,105 

 191 

 2,625 

 3,296 

 5,921 

 931 

 08/22/06 

 Newport News South 

 - 

 2,190 

 5,264 

 118 

 2,190 

 5,382 

 7,572 

 1,431 

 08/22/06 

 North Richmond 

 - 

 1,606 

 2,411 

 198 

 1,605 

 2,610 

 4,215 

 801 

 08/22/06 

 Kempsville 

 - 

 1,165 

 1,951 

 85 

 1,165 

 2,036 

 3,201 

 585 

 08/22/06 

 Manassas East 

 - 

 1,297 

 2,843 

 121 

 1,297 

 2,964 

 4,261 

 813 

 08/22/06 

 Vancouver / Vancouver Mall 

 - 

 1,751 

 3,251 

 126 

 1,750 

 3,378 

 5,128 

 946 

 08/22/06 

 White Center 

 - 

 2,091 

 4,530 

 171 

 2,091 

 4,701 

 6,792 

 1,304 

 08/22/06 

 Factoria 

 - 

 2,770 

 5,429 

 480 

 2,769 

 5,910 

 8,679 

 1,864 

 F-86 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Federal Way/Pac Hwy& 320th St 

 - 

 4,027 

 8,554 

 2,489 

 4,030 

 11,040 

 15,070 

 2,919 

 08/22/06 

 Renton 

 - 

 2,752 

 6,378 

 190 

 2,751 

 6,569 

 9,320 

 1,819 

 08/22/06 

 Issaquah 

 - 

 3,739 

 5,624 

 103 

 3,738 

 5,728 

 9,466 

 1,523 

 08/22/06 

 East Lynnwood 

 - 

 2,250 

 4,790 

 195 

 2,249 

 4,986 

 7,235 

 1,368 

 08/22/06 

 Tacoma / 96th St & 32nd Ave 

 - 

 1,604 

 2,394 

 127 

 1,604 

 2,521 

 4,125 

 727 

 08/22/06 

 Smokey Point 

 - 

 607 

 1,723 

 140 

 607 

 1,863 

 2,470 

 548 

 08/22/06 

 Shoreline / 145th 

 - 

 2,926 

 4,910 

 3,630 

 2,926 

 8,540 

 11,466 

 2,288 

 08/22/06 

 Mt. Clemens 

 - 

 1,247 

 3,590 

 102 

 1,246 

 3,693 

 4,939 

 1,010 

 08/22/06 

 Ramsey 

 - 

 552 

 2,155 

 102 

 552 

 2,257 

 2,809 

 650 

 08/22/06 

 Apple Valley / 155th St 

 - 

 1,203 

 3,136 

 101 

 1,203 

 3,237 

 4,440 

 885 

 08/22/06 

 Brooklyn Park / 73rd Ave 

 - 

 1,953 

 3,902 

 439 

 1,953 

 4,341 

 6,294 

 1,323 

 08/22/06 

 Burnsville Parkway W 

 - 

 1,561 

 4,359 

 133 

 1,561 

 4,492 

 6,053 

 1,224 

 08/22/06 

 Chanhassen 

 - 

 3,292 

 6,220 

 159 

 3,291 

 6,380 

 9,671 

 1,745 

 08/22/06 

 Coon Rapids / Robinson Dr 

 - 

 1,991 

 4,975 

 316 

 1,990 

 5,292 

 7,282 

 1,572 

 08/22/06 

 Eden Prairie East 

 - 

 3,516 

 5,682 

 315 

 3,516 

 5,997 

 9,513 

 1,754 

 08/22/06 

 Eden Prairie West 

 - 

 3,713 

 7,177 

 172 

 3,712 

 7,350 

 11,062 

 1,978 

 08/22/06 

 Edina 

 - 

 4,422 

 8,190 

 81 

 4,422 

 8,271 

 12,693 

 2,192 

 08/22/06 

 Hopkins 

 - 

 1,460 

 2,510 

 112 

 1,459 

 2,623 

 4,082 

 722 

 08/22/06 

 Little Canada 

 - 

 3,490 

 7,062 

 412 

 3,489 

 7,475 

 10,964 

 2,091 

 08/22/06 

 Maple Grove / Lakeland Dr 

 - 

 1,513 

 3,272 

 835 

 1,513 

 4,107 

 5,620 

 1,113 

 08/22/06 

 Minnetonka 

 - 

 1,318 

 2,087 

 111 

 1,318 

 2,198 

 3,516 

 623 

 08/22/06 

 Plymouth 169 

 - 

 684 

 1,323 

 343 

 684 

 1,666 

 2,350 

 642 

 08/22/06 

 Plymouth 494 

 - 

 2,000 

 4,260 

 1,696 

 2,356 

 5,600 

 7,956 

 1,755 

 08/22/06 

 Plymouth West 

 - 

 1,973 

 6,638 

 162 

 1,973 

 6,800 

 8,773 

 1,823 

 08/22/06 

 Richfield 

 - 

 1,641 

 5,688 

 586 

 1,641 

 6,274 

 7,915 

 1,945 

 08/22/06 

 Shorewood 

 - 

 2,805 

 7,244 

 233 

 2,805 

 7,477 

 10,282 

 2,043 

 08/22/06 

 Woodbury / Wooddale Dr 

 - 

 2,220 

 5,307 

 220 

 2,220 

 5,527 

 7,747 

 1,535 

 08/22/06 

 Central Parkway 

 - 

 2,545 

 4,637 

 327 

 2,544 

 4,965 

 7,509 

 1,333 

 08/22/06 

 Kirkman East 

 - 

 2,479 

 3,717 

 235 

 2,478 

 3,953 

 6,431 

 1,159 

 08/22/06 

 Pinole 

 - 

 1,703 

 3,047 

 125 

 1,703 

 3,172 

 4,875 

 875 

 08/22/06 

 Martinez 

 - 

 3,277 

 7,126 

 147 

 3,277 

 7,273 

 10,550 

 1,978 

 08/22/06 

 Portland / 16th & Sandy Blvd 

 - 

 1,053 

 3,802 

 131 

 1,052 

 3,934 

 4,986 

 1,091 

 08/22/06 

 Houghton 

 - 

 2,694 

 4,132 

 142 

 2,693 

 4,275 

 6,968 

 1,154 

 F-87 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Antioch 

 - 

 1,853 

 6,475 

 81 

 1,853 

 6,556 

 8,409 

 1,746 

 08/22/06 

 Holcomb Bridge 

 - 

 1,906 

 4,303 

 93 

 1,905 

 4,397 

 6,302 

 1,186 

 08/22/06 

 Palatine / Rand Rd 

 - 

 1,215 

 1,895 

 63 

 1,215 

 1,958 

 3,173 

 544 

 08/22/06 

 Washington Sq/Wash. Point Dr 

 - 

 523 

 1,073 

 124 

 523 

 1,197 

 1,720 

 353 

 08/22/06 

 Indianapolis/N.Illinois 

 - 

 182 

 2,795 

 129 

 182 

 2,924 

 3,106 

 838 

 08/22/06 

 Canton South 

 - 

 769 

 3,316 

 126 

 768 

 3,443 

 4,211 

 970 

 08/22/06 

 Bricktown 

 - 

 2,881 

 5,834 

 173 

 2,880 

 6,008 

 8,888 

 1,629 

 08/22/06 

 Commack 

 - 

 2,688 

 6,376 

 4,381 

 2,687 

 10,758 

 13,445 

 1,993 

 08/22/06 

 Nesconset / Nesconset Hwy 

 - 

 1,374 

 3,151 

 95 

 1,373 

 3,247 

 4,620 

 883 

 08/22/06 

 Great Neck 

 - 

 1,229 

 3,299 

 66 

 1,229 

 3,365 

 4,594 

 913 

 08/22/06 

 Hempstead / S. Franklin St. 

 - 

 509 

 3,042 

 161 

 509 

 3,203 

 3,712 

 914 

 08/22/06 

 Bethpage / Stuart Ave 

 - 

 2,387 

 7,104 

 186 

 2,387 

 7,290 

 9,677 

 1,974 

 08/22/06 

 Helotes 

 - 

 1,833 

 3,557 

 72 

 1,833 

 3,629 

 5,462 

 1,027 

 08/22/06 

 Medical Center San Antonio 

 - 

 1,571 

 4,217 

 117 

 1,571 

 4,334 

 5,905 

 1,176 

 08/22/06 

 Oak Hills 

 - 

 - 

 7,449 

 136 

 - 

 7,585 

 7,585 

 2,045 

 08/22/06 

 Olympia 

 - 

 2,382 

 4,182 

 66 

 2,382 

 4,248 

 6,630 

 1,129 

 08/22/06 

 Las Colinas 

 - 

 676 

 3,338 

 121 

 676 

 3,459 

 4,135 

 947 

 08/22/06 

 Old Towne 

 - 

 2,756 

 13,080 

 96 

 2,755 

 13,177 

 15,932 

 3,497 

 08/22/06 

 Juanita 

 - 

 2,318 

 7,554 

 33 

 2,222 

 7,683 

 9,905 

 2,052 

 08/22/06 

 Ansley Park 

 - 

 3,132 

 11,926 

 210 

 3,131 

 12,137 

 15,268 

 3,265 

 08/22/06 

 Brookhaven 

 - 

 2,740 

 8,333 

 178 

 2,739 

 8,512 

 11,251 

 2,281 

 08/22/06 

 Decatur 

 - 

 2,556 

 10,146 

 128 

 2,556 

 10,274 

 12,830 

 2,724 

 08/22/06 

 Oregon City 

 - 

 1,582 

 3,539 

 122 

 1,581 

 3,662 

 5,243 

 994 

 08/22/06 

 Portland/Barbur 

 - 

 2,328 

 9,134 

 136 

 2,327 

 9,271 

 11,598 

 2,492 

 08/22/06 

 Salem / Liberty Road 

 - 

 1,994 

 5,304 

 151 

 1,993 

 5,456 

 7,449 

 1,526 

 08/22/06 

 Edgemont 

 - 

 3,585 

 7,704 

 137 

 3,585 

 7,841 

 11,426 

 2,098 

 08/22/06 

 Bedford 

 - 

 2,042 

 4,176 

 178 

 2,041 

 4,355 

 6,396 

 1,209 

 08/22/06 

 Kingwood 

 - 

 1,625 

 2,926 

 176 

 1,625 

 3,102 

 4,727 

 882 

 08/22/06 

 Hillcroft 

 - 

 - 

 3,994 

 139 

 - 

 4,133 

 4,133 

 1,123 

 08/22/06 

 T.C. Jester 

 - 

 2,047 

 4,819 

 240 

 2,047 

 5,059 

 7,106 

 1,432 

 08/22/06 

 Windcrest 

 - 

 764 

 2,601 

 348 

 764 

 2,949 

 3,713 

 945 

 08/22/06 

 Mission Bend 

 - 

 1,381 

 3,141 

 123 

 1,381 

 3,264 

 4,645 

 904 

 08/22/06 

 Parker Road & Independence 

 - 

 2,593 

 5,464 

 110 

 2,593 

 5,574 

 8,167 

 1,500 

 F-88 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Park Cities East 

 - 

 4,205 

 6,259 

 38 

 4,204 

 6,298 

 10,502 

 1,670 

 08/22/06 

 MaCarthur Crossing 

 - 

 2,635 

 5,698 

 269 

 2,635 

 5,967 

 8,602 

 1,612 

 08/22/06 

 Arlington/S.Cooper 

 - 

 2,305 

 4,308 

 100 

 2,305 

 4,408 

 6,713 

 1,178 

 08/22/06 

 Woodforest 

 - 

 1,534 

 3,545 

 1,097 

 1,534 

 4,642 

 6,176 

 1,259 

 08/22/06 

 Preston Road 

 - 

 1,931 

 3,246 

 144 

 1,930 

 3,391 

 5,321 

 930 

 08/22/06 

 East Lamar 

 - 

 1,581 

 2,878 

 149 

 1,581 

 3,027 

 4,608 

 844 

 08/22/06 

 Lewisville/Interstate 35 

 - 

 2,696 

 4,311 

 244 

 2,696 

 4,555 

 7,251 

 1,328 

 08/22/06 

 Round Rock 

 - 

 1,256 

 2,153 

 104 

 1,256 

 2,257 

 3,513 

 645 

 08/22/06 

 Slaughter Lane 

 - 

 1,881 

 3,326 

 129 

 1,881 

 3,455 

 5,336 

 973 

 08/22/06 

 Valley Ranch 

 - 

 1,927 

 5,390 

 217 

 1,926 

 5,608 

 7,534 

 1,543 

 08/22/06 

 Nacogdoches 

 - 

 1,422 

 2,655 

 124 

 1,422 

 2,779 

 4,201 

 786 

 08/22/06 

 Thousand Oaks 

 - 

 1,815 

 3,814 

 142 

 1,814 

 3,957 

 5,771 

 1,092 

 08/22/06 

 Highway 78 

 - 

 1,344 

 2,288 

 122 

 1,344 

 2,410 

 3,754 

 665 

 08/22/06 

 The Quarry 

 - 

 1,841 

 8,765 

 184 

 1,840 

 8,950 

 10,790 

 2,404 

 08/22/06 

 Cinco Ranch 

 - 

 939 

 2,085 

 71 

 938 

 2,157 

 3,095 

 592 

 08/22/06 

 North Carrollton 

 - 

 2,408 

 4,204 

 157 

 2,407 

 4,362 

 6,769 

 1,215 

 08/22/06 

 First Colony 

 - 

 1,181 

 2,930 

 60 

 1,180 

 2,991 

 4,171 

 806 

 08/22/06 

 North Park 

 - 

 1,444 

 3,253 

 98 

 1,444 

 3,351 

 4,795 

 913 

 08/22/06 

 South Main 

 - 

 521 

 723 

 302 

 521 

 1,025 

 1,546 

 419 

 08/22/06 

 Westchase 

 - 

 903 

 3,748 

 123 

 902 

 3,872 

 4,774 

 1,062 

 08/22/06 

 Lakeline 

 - 

 1,289 

 3,762 

 103 

 1,288 

 3,866 

 5,154 

 1,053 

 08/22/06 

 Highway 26 

 - 

 1,353 

 3,147 

 94 

 1,353 

 3,241 

 4,594 

 895 

 08/22/06 

 Shavano Park 

 - 

 972 

 4,973 

 102 

 972 

 5,075 

 6,047 

 1,360 

 08/22/06 

 Oltorf 

 - 

 880 

 3,693 

 151 

 880 

 3,844 

 4,724 

 1,048 

 08/22/06 

 Irving 

 - 

 686 

 1,367 

 377 

 686 

 1,744 

 2,430 

 678 

 08/22/06 

 Hill Country Village 

 - 

 988 

 3,524 

 340 

 988 

 3,864 

 4,852 

 1,190 

 08/22/06 

 San Antonio NE 

 - 

 253 

 664 

 230 

 253 

 894 

 1,147 

 354 

 08/22/06 

 East Pioneer II 

 - 

 786 

 1,784 

 290 

 786 

 2,074 

 2,860 

 657 

 08/22/06 

 Westheimer 

 - 

 594 

 2,316 

 355 

 594 

 2,671 

 3,265 

 898 

 08/22/06 

 San Antonio/Jones-Maltsberger 

 - 

 1,102 

 2,637 

 80 

 1,102 

 2,717 

 3,819 

 750 

 08/22/06 

 Beltline 

 - 

 1,291 

 2,336 

 215 

 1,291 

 2,551 

 3,842 

 785 

 08/22/06 

 MacArthur 

 - 

 1,590 

 2,265 

 213 

 1,589 

 2,479 

 4,068 

 759 

 08/22/06 

 Hurst / S. Pipeline Rd 

 - 

 661 

 1,317 

 383 

 661 

 1,700 

 2,361 

 542 

 F-89 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Balcones Hts/Fredericksburg Rd 

 - 

 2,372 

 4,718 

 168 

 2,372 

 4,886 

 7,258 

 1,334 

 08/22/06 

 Blanco Road 

 - 

 1,742 

 4,813 

 199 

 1,742 

 5,012 

 6,754 

 1,372 

 08/22/06 

 Leon Valley/Bandera Road 

 - 

 501 

 1,044 

 2,476 

 501 

 3,520 

 4,021 

 879 

 08/22/06 

 Imperial Valley 

 - 

 1,166 

 2,756 

 166 

 1,166 

 2,922 

 4,088 

 819 

 08/22/06 

 Sugarland 

 - 

 1,714 

 3,407 

 121 

 1,714 

 3,528 

 5,242 

 963 

 08/22/06 

 Woodlands 

 - 

 1,353 

 3,131 

 187 

 1,353 

 3,318 

 4,671 

 946 

 08/22/06 

 Federal Road 

 - 

 1,021 

 3,086 

 179 

 1,021 

 3,265 

 4,286 

 930 

 08/22/06 

 West University 

 - 

 1,940 

 8,121 

 223 

 1,939 

 8,345 

 10,284 

 2,260 

 08/22/06 

 Medical Center/Braeswood 

 - 

 1,121 

 4,678 

 63 

 1,120 

 4,742 

 5,862 

 1,283 

 08/22/06 

 Richardson/Audelia 

 - 

 1,034 

 2,703 

 53 

 1,034 

 2,756 

 3,790 

 746 

 08/22/06 

 North Austin 

 - 

 2,143 

 3,674 

 370 

 2,142 

 4,045 

 6,187 

 1,180 

 08/22/06 

 Warner 

 - 

 1,603 

 3,998 

 205 

 1,602 

 4,204 

 5,806 

 1,201 

 08/22/06 

 Universal City 

 - 

 777 

 3,194 

 221 

 777 

 3,415 

 4,192 

 967 

 08/22/06 

 Seattle / Lake City Way 

 - 

 3,406 

 7,789 

 205 

 3,405 

 7,995 

 11,400 

 2,225 

 08/22/06 

 Arrowhead 

 - 

 2,372 

 5,818 

 130 

 2,372 

 5,948 

 8,320 

 1,616 

 08/22/06 

 Ahwatukee 

 - 

 3,017 

 5,975 

 105 

 3,017 

 6,080 

 9,097 

 1,632 

 08/22/06 

 Blossom Valley 

 - 

 2,721 

 8,418 

 81 

 2,721 

 8,499 

 11,220 

 2,267 

 08/22/06 

 Jones Bridge 

 - 

 3,065 

 6,015 

 93 

 3,064 

 6,109 

 9,173 

 1,645 

 08/22/06 

 Lawrenceville 

 - 

 2,076 

 5,188 

 95 

 2,076 

 5,283 

 7,359 

 1,429 

 08/22/06 

 Fox Valley 

 - 

 1,880 

 3,622 

 118 

 1,879 

 3,741 

 5,620 

 1,035 

 08/22/06 

 Eagle Creek / Shore Terrace 

 - 

 880 

 2,878 

 172 

 880 

 3,050 

 3,930 

 881 

 08/22/06 

 N.Greenwood/E.County Line Rd 

 - 

 - 

 3,954 

 123 

 - 

 4,077 

 4,077 

 1,111 

 08/22/06 

 Annapolis 

 - 

 - 

 7,439 

 134 

 - 

 7,573 

 7,573 

 2,036 

 08/22/06 

 Creedmoor 

 - 

 3,579 

 7,366 

 133 

 3,578 

 7,500 

 11,078 

 2,038 

 08/22/06 

 Painters Crossing 

 - 

 1,582 

 4,527 

 127 

 1,582 

 4,654 

 6,236 

 1,255 

 08/22/06 

 Greenville Ave & Meadow 

 - 

 2,066 

 6,969 

 150 

 2,065 

 7,120 

 9,185 

 1,908 

 08/22/06 

 Potomac Mills 

 - 

 2,806 

 7,347 

 108 

 2,806 

 7,455 

 10,261 

 1,994 

 08/22/06 

 Sterling 

 - 

 3,435 

 7,713 

 1,403 

 3,434 

 9,117 

 12,551 

 2,134 

 08/22/06 

 Redmond / Plateau 

 - 

 2,872 

 7,603 

 96 

 2,871 

 7,700 

 10,571 

 2,040 

 08/22/06 

 Val Vista 

 - 

 3,686 

 6,223 

 569 

 3,685 

 6,793 

 10,478 

 2,323 

 08/22/06 

 Van Ness 

 - 

 11,120 

 13,555 

 456 

 11,118 

 14,013 

 25,131 

 3,810 

 08/22/06 

 Sandy Plains 

 - 

 2,452 

 4,669 

 92 

 2,451 

 4,762 

 7,213 

 1,278 

 08/22/06 

 Country Club Hills 

 - 

 2,783 

 5,438 

 86 

 2,782 

 5,525 

 8,307 

 1,484 

 F-90 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Schaumburg / Irving Park Rd 

 - 

 2,695 

 4,781 

 90 

 2,695 

 4,871 

 7,566 

 1,328 

 08/22/06 

 Clinton Township 

 - 

 1,917 

 4,143 

 63 

 1,917 

 4,206 

 6,123 

 1,124 

 08/22/06 

 Champions 

 - 

 1,061 

 3,207 

 103 

 1,061 

 3,310 

 4,371 

 917 

 08/22/06 

 Southlake 

 - 

 2,794 

 4,760 

 93 

 2,793 

 4,854 

 7,647 

 1,305 

 08/22/06 

 City Place 

 - 

 2,045 

 5,776 

 113 

 2,044 

 5,890 

 7,934 

 1,601 

 08/22/06 

 Bee Cave Road 

 - 

 3,546 

 10,341 

 120 

 3,545 

 10,462 

 14,007 

 2,774 

 08/22/06 

 Oak Farms 

 - 

 2,307 

 8,481 

 163 

 2,307 

 8,644 

 10,951 

 2,339 

 08/22/06 

 Henderson Street 

 - 

 542 

 5,001 

 111 

 542 

 5,112 

 5,654 

 1,374 

 08/22/06 

 Merrifield 

 - 

 5,061 

 10,949 

 138 

 5,060 

 11,088 

 16,148 

 2,969 

 08/22/06 

 Mill Creek 

 - 

 2,917 

 7,252 

 98 

 2,917 

 7,350 

 10,267 

 1,954 

 08/22/06 

 Pier 57 

 - 

 2,042 

 8,719 

 350 

 2,137 

 8,974 

 11,111 

 2,418 

 08/22/06 

 Redmond / 90th 

 - 

 3,717 

 7,011 

 232 

 3,716 

 7,244 

 10,960 

 1,931 

 08/22/06 

 Seattle / Capital Hill 

 - 

 3,811 

 11,104 

 437 

 3,810 

 11,542 

 15,352 

 2,994 

 08/22/06 

 Costa Mesa 

 - 

 3,622 

 6,030 

 133 

 3,622 

 6,163 

 9,785 

 1,617 

 08/22/06 

 West Park 

 - 

 11,715 

 12,915 

 382 

 11,713 

 13,299 

 25,012 

 3,415 

 08/22/06 

 Cabot Road 

 - 

 5,168 

 9,253 

 162 

 5,167 

 9,416 

 14,583 

 2,476 

 08/22/06 

 San Juan Creek 

 4,198 

 4,755 

 10,749 

 176 

 4,754 

 10,926 

 15,680 

 2,889 

 08/22/06 

 Rancho San Diego 

 3,363 

 4,226 

 7,652 

 124 

 4,225 

 7,777 

 12,002 

 2,057 

 08/22/06 

 Palms 

 4,266 

 2,491 

 11,404 

 163 

 2,491 

 11,567 

 14,058 

 3,061 

 08/22/06 

 West Covina 

 3,416 

 3,595 

 7,360 

 187 

 3,594 

 7,548 

 11,142 

 2,017 

 08/22/06 

 Woodland Hills 

 4,318 

 4,376 

 11,898 

 208 

 4,375 

 12,107 

 16,482 

 3,197 

 08/22/06 

 Long Beach 

 - 

 3,130 

 11,211 

 166 

 3,130 

 11,377 

 14,507 

 2,988 

 08/22/06 

 Northridge 

 - 

 4,674 

 11,164 

 214 

 4,673 

 11,379 

 16,052 

 3,016 

 08/22/06 

 Rancho Mirage 

 - 

 2,614 

 4,744 

 170 

 2,614 

 4,914 

 7,528 

 1,300 

 08/22/06 

 Palm Desert 

 - 

 1,910 

 5,462 

 154 

 1,910 

 5,616 

 7,526 

 1,487 

 08/22/06 

 Davie 

 - 

 4,842 

 9,388 

 179 

 4,841 

 9,568 

 14,409 

 2,568 

 08/22/06 

 Portland / I-205 

 - 

 2,026 

 4,299 

 108 

 2,025 

 4,408 

 6,433 

 1,215 

 08/22/06 

 Milwaukie/Hwy224 

 - 

 2,867 

 5,926 

 170 

 2,867 

 6,096 

 8,963 

 1,636 

 08/22/06 

 River Oaks 

 - 

 2,625 

 8,930 

 206 

 2,624 

 9,137 

 11,761 

 2,465 

 08/22/06 

 Tacoma / South Sprague Ave 

 - 

 2,189 

 4,776 

 179 

 2,188 

 4,956 

 7,144 

 1,381 

 08/22/06 

 Vancouver / Hazel Dell 

 - 

 2,299 

 4,313 

 79 

 2,299 

 4,392 

 6,691 

 1,191 

 08/22/06 

 Canyon Park 

 - 

 3,628 

 7,327 

 292 

 3,628 

 7,619 

 11,247 

 2,007 

 08/22/06 

 South Boulevard 

 3,837 

 3,090 

 6,041 

 2,008 

 3,765 

 7,374 

 11,139 

 2,081 

 F-91 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Weddington 

 2,632 

 2,172 

 4,263 

 1,205 

 2,646 

 4,994 

 7,640 

 1,405 

 08/22/06 

 Gastonia 

 - 

 644 

 2,808 

 628 

 785 

 3,295 

 4,080 

 905 

 08/22/06 

 Amity Ct 

 - 

 610 

 1,378 

 406 

 743 

 1,651 

 2,394 

 486 

 08/22/06 

 Pavilion 

 - 

 1,490 

 3,114 

 1,792 

 1,817 

 4,579 

 6,396 

 1,201 

 08/22/06 

 Randleman 

 - 

 1,639 

 2,707 

 947 

 1,997 

 3,296 

 5,293 

 944 

 08/22/06 

 Matthews 

 - 

 1,733 

 6,457 

 1,863 

 2,112 

 7,941 

 10,053 

 2,365 

 08/22/06 

 Eastland 

 1,624 

 949 

 2,159 

 794 

 1,156 

 2,746 

 3,902 

 861 

 08/22/06 

 Albermarle 

 - 

 1,557 

 4,636 

 1,191 

 1,897 

 5,487 

 7,384 

 1,548 

 08/22/06 

 COTT 

 1,072 

 429 

 1,732 

 415 

 522 

 2,054 

 2,576 

 604 

 08/22/06 

 Ashley River 

 - 

 1,907 

 4,065 

 1,359 

 2,323 

 5,008 

 7,331 

 1,501 

 08/22/06 

 Clayton 

 - 

 1,071 

 2,869 

 1,548 

 1,306 

 4,182 

 5,488 

 1,142 

 08/22/06 

 Dave Lyle 

 - 

 604 

 2,111 

 1,487 

 737 

 3,465 

 4,202 

 933 

 08/22/06 

 English Rd 

 - 

 437 

 1,215 

 351 

 532 

 1,471 

 2,003 

 417 

 08/22/06 

 Sunset 

 - 

 659 

 1,461 

 483 

 803 

 1,800 

 2,603 

 539 

 08/22/06 

 Cone Blvd 

 - 

 1,253 

 2,462 

 798 

 1,526 

 2,987 

 4,513 

 858 

 08/22/06 

 Wake Forest 

 - 

 1,098 

 2,553 

 725 

 1,338 

 3,038 

 4,376 

 850 

 08/22/06 

 Silas Creek 

 - 

 1,304 

 2,738 

 863 

 1,589 

 3,316 

 4,905 

 934 

 08/22/06 

 Winston 

 2,007 

 1,625 

 3,368 

 1,060 

 1,979 

 4,074 

 6,053 

 1,149 

 08/22/06 

 Hickory 

 2,149 

 1,091 

 4,271 

 1,120 

 1,329 

 5,153 

 6,482 

 1,461 

 08/22/06 

 Wilkinson 

 1,871 

 1,366 

 3,235 

 1,042 

 1,664 

 3,979 

 5,643 

 1,173 

 08/22/06 

 Lexington NC 

 1,110 

 874 

 1,806 

 669 

 1,065 

 2,284 

 3,349 

 709 

 08/22/06 

 Florence 

 2,658 

 952 

 5,557 

 1,508 

 1,160 

 6,857 

 8,017 

 1,920 

 08/22/06 

 Sumter 

 1,052 

 560 

 2,002 

 613 

 683 

 2,492 

 3,175 

 738 

 08/22/06 

 Garners Ferry 

 - 

 1,418 

 2,516 

 932 

 1,727 

 3,139 

 4,866 

 964 

 08/22/06 

 Greenville 

 - 

 1,816 

 4,732 

 1,336 

 2,213 

 5,671 

 7,884 

 1,649 

 08/22/06 

 Spartanburg 

 - 

 799 

 1,550 

 628 

 974 

 2,003 

 2,977 

 624 

 08/22/06 

 Rockingham 

 - 

 376 

 1,352 

 446 

 458 

 1,716 

 2,174 

 551 

 08/22/06 

 Monroe 

 - 

 1,578 

 2,996 

 1,050 

 1,923 

 3,701 

 5,624 

 1,126 

 08/22/06 

 Salisbury 

 - 

 40 

 5,488 

 1,054 

 49 

 6,533 

 6,582 

 1,816 

 08/22/06 

 Pineville 

 - 

 2,609 

 6,829 

 1,901 

 3,179 

 8,160 

 11,339 

 2,394 

 08/22/06 

 Park Rd 

 - 

 2,667 

 7,243 

 1,768 

 3,249 

 8,429 

 11,678 

 2,334 

 08/22/06 

 Ballantyne 

 - 

 1,758 

 3,720 

 1,657 

 2,143 

 4,992 

 7,135 

 1,391 

 08/22/06 

 Stallings 

 2,170 

 1,348 

 2,882 

 918 

 1,642 

 3,506 

 5,148 

 1,040 

 F-92 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Concord 

 1,782 

 1,147 

 2,308 

 774 

 1,398 

 2,831 

 4,229 

 847 

 08/22/06 

 Woodruff 

 1,423 

 1,154 

 1,616 

 606 

 1,406 

 1,970 

 3,376 

 583 

 08/22/06 

 Shriners 

 1,581 

 758 

 2,347 

 646 

 924 

 2,827 

 3,751 

 821 

 08/22/06 

 Charleston 

 - 

 604 

 3,313 

 777 

 736 

 3,958 

 4,694 

 1,134 

 08/22/06 

 Rock Hill 

 - 

 993 

 2,222 

 1,612 

 1,211 

 3,616 

 4,827 

 989 

 08/22/06 

 Arrowood 

 - 

 2,014 

 4,214 

 1,243 

 2,454 

 5,017 

 7,471 

 1,436 

 08/22/06 

 Country Club 

 - 

 935 

 3,439 

 838 

 1,139 

 4,073 

 5,212 

 1,134 

 08/22/06 

 Rosewood 

 - 

 352 

 2,141 

 439 

 429 

 2,503 

 2,932 

 698 

 08/22/06 

 James Island 

 - 

 2,061 

 3,708 

 1,038 

 2,512 

 4,295 

 6,807 

 1,183 

 08/22/06 

 Battleground 

 - 

 1,995 

 3,757 

 998 

 2,431 

 4,319 

 6,750 

 1,165 

 08/22/06 

 Greenwood Village / DTC Blvd 

 3,948 

 684 

 2,925 

 119 

 684 

 3,044 

 3,728 

 792 

 08/22/06 

 Highlands Ranch/ Colorado Blvd 

 3,122 

 793 

 2,000 

 155 

 793 

 2,155 

 2,948 

 582 

 08/22/06 

 Seneca Commons 

 - 

 2,672 

 5,354 

 1,881 

 3,256 

 6,651 

 9,907 

 1,819 

 08/22/06 

 Capital Blvd South 

 - 

 3,002 

 6,273 

 1,854 

 3,658 

 7,471 

 11,129 

 2,069 

 08/22/06 

 Southhaven 

 1,569 

 1,286 

 3,578 

 545 

 1,357 

 4,052 

 5,409 

 1,065 

 08/22/06 

 Wolfchase 

 1,237 

 987 

 2,816 

 460 

 1,042 

 3,221 

 4,263 

 855 

 08/22/06 

 Winchester 

 - 

 676 

 1,500 

 602 

 713 

 2,065 

 2,778 

 639 

 08/22/06 

 Sycamore View 

 - 

 705 

 1,936 

 659 

 744 

 2,556 

 3,300 

 749 

 08/22/06 

 South Main 

 - 

 70 

 186 

 405 

 58 

 603 

 661 

 201 

 08/22/06 

 Southfield at Telegraph 

 - 

 1,757 

 8,341 

 70 

 1,756 

 8,412 

 10,168 

 2,225 

 08/22/06 

 Westland 

 - 

 1,572 

 3,687 

 71 

 1,572 

 3,758 

 5,330 

 1,001 

 08/22/06 

 Dearborn 

 - 

 1,030 

 4,847 

 85 

 1,030 

 4,932 

 5,962 

 1,340 

 08/22/06 

 Roseville 

 - 

 1,319 

 5,210 

 78 

 1,319 

 5,288 

 6,607 

 1,413 

 08/22/06 

 Farmington Hills 

 - 

 982 

 2,878 

 95 

 982 

 2,973 

 3,955 

 833 

 08/22/06 

 Hunt Club 

 - 

 2,527 

 5,483 

 891 

 2,823 

 6,078 

 8,901 

 1,630 

 08/22/06 

 Speedway IN /N. High School Rd 

 - 

 2,091 

 3,566 

 50 

 1,991 

 3,716 

 5,707 

 1,044 

 08/22/06 

 Alafaya @ University Blvd. 

 - 

 2,817 

 4,549 

 838 

 3,147 

 5,057 

 8,204 

 1,380 

 08/22/06 

 McCoy @ 528 

 - 

 2,656 

 5,206 

 146 

 2,655 

 5,353 

 8,008 

 1,471 

 08/22/06 

 S. Orange Blossom Trail @ 417 

 - 

 2,810 

 6,849 

 1,078 

 3,139 

 7,598 

 10,737 

 2,101 

 08/22/06 

 Alafaya-Mitchell Hammock Road 

 - 

 2,363 

 5,092 

 823 

 2,639 

 5,639 

 8,278 

 1,526 

 08/22/06 

 Maitland / 17/92 @ Lake Ave 

 - 

 5,146 

 10,670 

 1,724 

 5,748 

 11,792 

 17,540 

 3,166 

 08/22/06 

 S. Semoran @ Hoffner Road 

 - 

 2,633 

 6,601 

 1,002 

 2,940 

 7,296 

 10,236 

 1,995 

 08/22/06 

 Red Bug @ Dodd Road 

 - 

 2,552 

 5,959 

 923 

 2,850 

 6,584 

 9,434 

 1,777 

 F-93 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 08/22/06 

 Altmonte Sprgs/SR434 

 - 

 1,703 

 5,125 

 744 

 1,902 

 5,670 

 7,572 

 1,534 

 08/22/06 

 Brandon 

 2,635 

 2,810 

 4,584 

 816 

 3,139 

 5,071 

 8,210 

 1,366 

 08/22/06 

 Granada @ U.S. 1 

 2,558 

 2,682 

 4,751 

 864 

 2,996 

 5,301 

 8,297 

 1,463 

 08/22/06 

 Daytona/Beville @ Nova Road 

 2,548 

 2,616 

 6,085 

 1,019 

 2,922 

 6,798 

 9,720 

 1,878 

 08/22/06 

 Eau Gallie 

 2,289 

 1,962 

 4,677 

 701 

 2,192 

 5,148 

 7,340 

 1,389 

 08/22/06 

 Hyde Park 

 2,552 

 2,719 

 7,145 

 1,030 

 3,037 

 7,857 

 10,894 

 2,096 

 08/22/06 

 Carrollwood 

 1,301 

 2,050 

 6,221 

 859 

 2,290 

 6,840 

 9,130 

 1,830 

 08/22/06 

 Conroy @ I-4 

 1,666 

 2,091 

 3,517 

 696 

 2,335 

 3,969 

 6,304 

 1,091 

 08/22/06 

 West Waters 

 - 

 2,190 

 5,186 

 783 

 2,446 

 5,713 

 8,159 

 1,537 

 08/22/06 

 Oldsmar 

 1,996 

 2,276 

 5,253 

 788 

 2,542 

 5,775 

 8,317 

 1,573 

 08/22/06 

 Mills North of Colonial 

 4,075 

 1,995 

 5,914 

 856 

 2,228 

 6,537 

 8,765 

 1,793 

 08/22/06 

 Alafaya @ Colonial 

 - 

 2,836 

 4,680 

 918 

 3,168 

 5,266 

 8,434 

 1,501 

 08/22/06 

 Fairbanks @ I-4 

 - 

 2,846 

 6,612 

 987 

 3,179 

 7,266 

 10,445 

 1,977 

 08/22/06 

 Maguire @ Colonial 

 - 

 479 

 7,521 

 1,138 

 815 

 8,323 

 9,138 

 2,252 

 10/20/06 

 Burbank-Rich R. 

 - 

 3,793 

 9,103 

 (52) 

 3,793 

 9,051 

 12,844 

 2,210 

 10/24/06 

 Stonegate 

 4,552 

 651 

 4,278 

 (631) 

 651 

 3,647 

 4,298 

 894 

 02/09/07 

 Portland/Barbur 

 - 

 830 

 3,273 

 28 

 830 

 3,301 

 4,131 

 775 

 03/27/07 

 Ewa Beach / Ft Weaver Road 

 - 

 7,454 

 14,825 

 140 

 7,454 

 14,965 

 22,419 

 3,490 

 06/01/07 

 South Bay 

 - 

 1,017 

 4,685 

 66 

 1,017 

 4,751 

 5,768 

 1,074 

 08/14/07 

 Murrieta / Whitewood Road 

 - 

 5,764 

 6,197 

 90 

 5,764 

 6,287 

 12,051 

 1,342 

 08/22/07 

 Palm Springs/S. Gene Autry Trl 

 - 

 3,785 

 7,859 

 373 

 3,785 

 8,232 

 12,017 

 2,000 

 09/07/07 

 Mahopac / Rte 6 

 - 

 1,330 

 8,407 

 71 

 1,330 

 8,478 

 9,808 

 1,792 

 09/11/07 

 East Point / N Desert Dr 

 - 

 1,186 

 9,239 

 62 

 1,186 

 9,301 

 10,487 

 1,970 

 09/11/07 

 Canton / Ridge Rd 

 - 

 389 

 4,197 

 43 

 389 

 4,240 

 4,629 

 895 

 09/13/07 

 Murrieta / Antelope Rd 

 - 

 1,630 

 2,991 

 86 

 1,630 

 3,077 

 4,707 

 670 

 10/14/07 

 New Orleans / I10 & Bullard 

 - 

 1,286 

 5,591 

 (1,638) 

 1,292 

 3,947 

 5,239 

 1,481 

 04/22/08 

 Miramar Place 

 - 

 7,225 

 7,875 

 175 

 7,225 

 8,050 

 15,275 

 1,501 

 05/28/08 

 Bee Cave at the Galleria 

 - 

 621 

 4,839 

 22 

 621 

 4,861 

 5,482 

 886 

 05/28/08 

 Carlsbad Village 

 9,618 

 4,277 

 10,075 

 114 

 4,277 

 10,189 

 14,466 

 1,885 

 07/21/08 

 Austell / Oak Ridge Rd. 

 - 

 581 

 2,446 

 39 

 581 

 2,485 

 3,066 

 402 

 07/21/08 

 Marietta / Piedmont Rd. 

 - 

 1,748 

 3,172 

 56 

 1,748 

 3,228 

 4,976 

 539 

 09/03/08 

 N. Las Vegas/Cheyenne 

 - 

 1,144 

 4,020 

 229 

 1,144 

 4,249 

 5,393 

 776 

 09/04/08 

 Las Vegas/Boulder Hwy II 

 - 

 1,151 

 4,281 

 91 

 1,151 

 4,372 

 5,523 

 777 

 F-94 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 11/07/08 

 Wash DC / Bladensburg Rd NE 

 - 

 1,726 

 6,194 

 9 

 1,726 

 6,203 

 7,929 

 993 

 12/23/08 

 East Palo Alto 

 - 

 2,655 

 2,235 

 61 

 2,655 

 2,296 

 4,951 

 370 

 11/30/09 

 Danbury / Mill Plain Rd 

 - 

 1,861 

 10,033 

 252 

 1,862 

 10,284 

 12,146 

 2,647 

 04/27/10 

 Bloomington / Linden Ave 

 - 

 1,044 

 2,011 

 46 

 1,044 

 2,057 

 3,101 

 256 

 04/27/10 

 Fontana / Valley Blvd 

 - 

 2,122 

 3,444 

 102 

 2,122 

 3,546 

 5,668 

 455 

 04/27/10 

 Monterey Park/Potrero Grande Dr 

 - 

 1,900 

 6,001 

 184 

 1,900 

 6,185 

 8,085 

 757 

 04/27/10 

 Panorama City / Roscoe Blvd 

 - 

 1,233 

 4,815 

 40 

 1,233 

 4,855 

 6,088 

 564 

 04/27/10 

 Pomona / E. 1st St 

 - 

 363 

 2,498 

 16 

 363 

 2,514 

 2,877 

 317 

 04/27/10 

 Diamond Bar / E.Washington Ave 

 - 

 1,709 

 4,901 

 120 

 1,709 

 5,021 

 6,730 

 672 

 04/27/10 

 Arlington Hgts / E. Davis St 

 - 

 542 

 3,018 

 26 

 542 

 3,044 

 3,586 

 358 

 04/27/10 

 Elgin / RT 31S & Jerusha St 

 - 

 280 

 1,569 

 19 

 280 

 1,588 

 1,868 

 197 

 05/13/10 

 Alhambra/Mission Rd&Fremont Av 

 - 

 2,458 

 6,980 

 13 

 2,458 

 6,993 

 9,451 

 759 

 05/27/10 

 Anaheim/S.Knott Av & W.Lincoln 

 - 

 2,020 

 4,991 

 39 

 2,020 

 5,030 

 7,050 

 574 

 05/27/10 

 Canoga Park / 8050 Deering Ave 

 - 

 1,932 

 2,082 

 30 

 1,932 

 2,112 

 4,044 

 272 

 05/27/10 

 Canoga Park / 7900 Deering Ave 

 - 

 1,117 

 3,499 

 228 

 1,117 

 3,727 

 4,844 

 453 

 05/27/10 

 Colton / Fairway Dr 

 - 

 819 

 3,195 

 29 

 819 

 3,224 

 4,043 

 384 

 05/27/10 

 Goleta / Hollister Ave 

 - 

 2,860 

 2,318 

 47 

 2,860 

 2,365 

 5,225 

 278 

 05/27/10 

 Irwindale / Arrow Hwy 

 - 

 2,665 

 4,562 

 36 

 2,665 

 4,598 

 7,263 

 571 

 05/27/10 

 Long Beach / Long Beach Blvd 

 - 

 3,398 

 5,439 

 157 

 3,398 

 5,596 

 8,994 

 652 

 05/27/10 

 Culver City/ W.Washington Blvd 

 - 

 1,755 

 2,319 

 36 

 1,755 

 2,355 

 4,110 

 275 

 05/27/10 

 Los Angeles / S Grand Ave 

 - 

 2,653 

 5,048 

 2,410 

 2,653 

 7,458 

 10,111 

 792 

 05/27/10 

 Los Angeles / Avery St 

 6,391 

 1,488 

 7,359 

 372 

 1,488 

 7,731 

 9,219 

 978 

 05/27/10 

 Los Angeles / W. 6th St 

 - 

 1,745 

 5,382 

 2,609 

 1,745 

 7,991 

 9,736 

 1,132 

 05/27/10 

 Montclair / Mission Blvd 

 - 

 2,070 

 4,052 

 92 

 2,070 

 4,144 

 6,214 

 489 

 05/27/10 

 Pasadena / S. Fair Oaks Ave 

 - 

 5,972 

 5,457 

 2,249 

 5,972 

 7,706 

 13,678 

 987 

 05/27/10 

 Santa Clarita / Bouquet Cyn Rd 

 - 

 1,273 

 2,983 

 119 

 1,273 

 3,102 

 4,375 

 365 

 05/27/10 

 Ventura / McGrath St 

 - 

 1,876 

 5,057 

 16 

 1,876 

 5,073 

 6,949 

 575 

 06/16/10 

 Marietta / Dallas Hwy 

 - 

 485 

 3,340 

 58 

 485 

 3,398 

 3,883 

 355 

 06/30/10 

 Inglewood / S. Prairie Ave 

 3,176 

 1,641 

 2,148 

 82 

 1,641 

 2,230 

 3,871 

 243 

 06/30/10 

 La Verne / N. White Ave 

 - 

 4,421 

 4,877 

 125 

 4,421 

 5,002 

 9,423 

 584 

 06/30/10 

 Los Angeles / W. Pico Blvd 

 6,341 

 3,832 

 3,428 

 3,041 

 3,832 

 6,469 

 10,301 

 619 

 06/30/10 

 Riverside / Hole Ave 

 2,493 

 305 

 2,841 

 167 

 305 

 3,008 

 3,313 

 354 

 06/30/10 

 Sun Valley / San Fernando Rd 

 - 

 4,936 

 6,229 

 194 

 4,936 

 6,423 

 11,359 

 732 

 F-95 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 06/30/10 

 Sylmar / Foothill Blvd 

 4,340 

 1,146 

 3,971 

 122 

 1,146 

 4,093 

 5,239 

 479 

 08/18/10 

 Waipio / Waipio Uka St 

 - 

 3,125 

 3,453 

 76 

 3,125 

 3,529 

 6,654 

 376 

 08/18/10 

 Berkeley II /2nd & Harrison St 

 - 

 - 

 2,113 

 693 

 - 

 2,806 

 2,806 

 299 

 08/18/10 

 Los Angeles / Washington Blvd 

 - 

 1,275 

 1,937 

 157 

 1,275 

 2,094 

 3,369 

 244 

 08/18/10 

 San Francsco / Treat Ave 

 - 

 1,907 

 2,629 

 294 

 1,907 

 2,923 

 4,830 

 317 

 08/18/10 

 Vallejo / Couch St 

 - 

 1,714 

 2,823 

 39 

 1,714 

 2,862 

 4,576 

 308 

 08/19/10 

 Palatine / E. Lake Cook Rd 

 - 

 608 

 849 

 307 

 608 

 1,156 

 1,764 

 162 

 09/09/10 

 New Orleans / Washington Ave 

 - 

 468 

 2,875 

 136 

 468 

 3,011 

 3,479 

 326 

 11/17/10 

 Mangonia Park / 45th St 

 - 

 317 

 2,428 

 144 

 317 

 2,572 

 2,889 

 258 

 11/17/10 

 Fort Pierce / S. US Hwy 1 

 - 

 230 

 2,246 

 106 

 230 

 2,352 

 2,582 

 220 

 12/02/10 

 Groveport / S. Hamilton Road 

 - 

 128 

 1,118 

 317 

 128 

 1,435 

 1,563 

 196 

 12/08/10 

 Hillside / 625 Glenwood Ave 

 - 

 3,031 

 4,331 

 500 

 3,031 

 4,831 

 7,862 

 515 

 01/18/11 

 Gardnerville / Venture Dr. 

 - 

 305 

 3,072 

 131 

 305 

 3,203 

 3,508 

 268 

 01/18/11 

 Reno / N. McCarran Blvd. 

 - 

 1,114 

 3,219 

 122 

 1,114 

 3,341 

 4,455 

 284 

 01/18/11 

 Sparks / Boxington Way 

 - 

 1,360 

 3,684 

 130 

 1,360 

 3,814 

 5,174 

 321 

 01/18/11 

 Reno / S. Virginia St. 

 - 

 618 

 2,120 

 109 

 618 

 2,229 

 2,847 

 190 

 01/18/11 

 Reno / Selmi Dr. 

 - 

 361 

 3,021 

 117 

 361 

 3,138 

 3,499 

 262 

 02/08/11 

 Wanut Creek 

 - 

 615 

 9,422 

 326 

 615 

 9,748 

 10,363 

 850 

 05/26/11 

 Southern Blvd./Bronx 

 8,942 

 2,280 

 14,836 

 2,674 

 2,280 

 17,510 

 19,790 

 1,381 

 07/07/11 

 Aventura/NE 188th St 

 - 

 5,968 

 5,129 

 173 

 5,968 

 5,302 

 11,270 

 316 

 07/12/11 

 Torrance/Crenshaw & Del Amo 

 - 

 2,040 

 8,269 

 288 

 2,040 

 8,557 

 10,597 

 520 

 08/01/11 

 Glendale/San Fernando & 2 Fwy 

 - 

 2,685 

 5,487 

 21 

 2,685 

 5,508 

 8,193 

 309 

 08/01/11 

 Alameda / Webster St. 

 - 

 3,008 

 8,235 

 34 

 3,008 

 8,269 

 11,277 

 457 

 09/27/11 

 Laurel / Cherry Lane Court 

 - 

 1,110 

 2,483 

 120 

 1,110 

 2,603 

 3,713 

 147 

 10/25/11 

 Moorpark/W. Los Angeles Ave. 

 - 

 1,848 

 7,649 

 163 

 1,848 

 7,812 

 9,660 

 394 

 12/21/11 

 Dallas / Ross Ave. 

 - 

 917 

 4,494 

 201 

 917 

 4,695 

 5,612 

 205 

 03/21/12 

 Montclair/Arrow Hwy 

 - 

 2,221 

 7,540 

 72 

 2,221 

 7,612 

 9,833 

 231 

 03/21/12 

 Hialeah/W. 4th Ave. 

 - 

 1,814 

 4,727 

 95 

 1,814 

 4,822 

 6,636 

 143 

 03/21/12 

 Pompano Bch/Copans & Andrews 

 - 

 2,441 

 4,263 

 56 

 2,441 

 4,319 

 6,760 

 131 

 03/21/12 

 Randolph/North St & Oak St 

 - 

 1,842 

 2,941 

 230 

 1,842 

 3,171 

 5,013 

 99 

 03/21/12 

 Wayne/Route 23 

 - 

 1,545 

 3,558 

 231 

 1,545 

 3,789 

 5,334 

 122 

 03/21/12 

 Philadelphia/Castor Ave. 

 - 

 2,410 

 4,906 

 1,569 

 2,410 

 6,475 

 8,885 

 272 

 05/25/12 

 Ft. Lauderdale/SE 24th St 

 - 

 1,557 

 8,762 

 229 

 1,557 

 8,991 

 10,548 

 190 

 F-96 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 05/25/12 

 Brooklyn/Fulton St. 

 - 

 4,675 

 4,602 

 190 

 4,675 

 4,792 

 9,467 

 104 

 06/19/12 

 Valencia/Kelly Johnson Pkwy 

 - 

 4,112 

 9,117 

 81 

 4,112 

 9,198 

 13,310 

 189 

 06/27/12 

 Sylmar/Foothill & Yarnell 

 - 

 3,102 

 7,333 

 187 

 3,102 

 7,520 

 10,622 

 158 

 06/01/12 

 Hialeah / Palmetto Expressway 

 - 

 1,886 

 3,300 

 5 

 1,886 

 3,305 

 5,191 

 87 

 06/01/12 

 Clearwater/Gulf To Bay 

 - 

 1,147 

 1,613 

 27 

 1,147 

 1,640 

 2,787 

 48 

 06/01/12 

 Clearwater/ E. Bay Drive 

 - 

 782 

 1,664 

 - 

 782 

 1,664 

 2,446 

 44 

 07/19/12 

 Whittier/Penn St 

 - 

 823 

 4,343 

 342 

 823 

 4,685 

 5,508 

 83 

 08/29/12 

 Burlington/Route 130 

 - 

 579 

 1,981 

 192 

 579 

 2,173 

 2,752 

 30 

 09/27/12 

 Waipio/Ka Uka Blvd 

 - 

 5,832 

 16,175 

 102 

 5,832 

 16,277 

 22,109 

 163 

 09/27/12 

 Pearl City/Kuala St. 

 - 

 6,828 

 17,291 

 89 

 6,828 

 17,380 

 24,208 

 174 

 10/04/12 

 Missouri City/Rocky Creek 

 - 

 957 

 4,336 

 168 

 957 

 4,504 

 5,461 

 29 

 10/10/12 

 Bronx/GerardAve. 

 - 

 4,941 

 23,559 

 - 

 4,941 

 23,559 

 28,500 

 13 

 10/11/12 

 Mesa/Baseline & Lindsay 

 - 

 633 

 2,199 

 253 

 633 

 2,452 

 3,085 

 15 

 11/08/12 

 Marietta/Lower Roswell Rd. 

 - 

 703 

 4,964 

 19 

 703 

 4,983 

 5,686 

 17 

 12/11/12 

 Suwanee/McGinnis Ferry 

 - 

 1,344 

 3,343 

 1 

 1,344 

 3,344 

 4,688 

 - 

 12/18/12 

 Santa Clara/Lafayette 

 - 

 3,639 

 11,250 

 - 

 3,639 

 11,250 

 14,889 

 - 

 12/20/12 

 Orlando/Silver Star Rd. 

 - 

 1,803 

 2,334 

 - 

 1,803 

 2,334 

 4,137 

 - 

 12/20/12 

 Orlando/S. Goldenrod Rd. 

 - 

 1,517 

 2,740 

 - 

 1,517 

 2,740 

 4,257 

 - 

 12/20/12 

 Kissimmee/N John Young 

 - 

 1,083 

 2,772 

 - 

 1,083 

 2,772 

 3,855 

 - 

 12/21/12 

 Oxnard/ E. Ventura Blvd. 

 - 

 604 

 4,386 

 2 

 604 

 4,388 

 4,992 

 - 

 Self-storage Facility - Europe 

 03/31/08 

 West London 

 - 

 5,730 

 14,278 

 2,273 

 4,726 

 17,555 

 22,281 

 9,333 

 F-97 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 

 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 2012 

 Initial Cost 

 Costs 

 Gross Carrying Amount 

 Date 

 Encum- 

 Buildings & 

 Subsequent 

 At December 31, 2012 

 Accumulated 

 Acquired 

 Description 

 brances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings 

 Total 

 Depreciation 

 Other properties 

 02/16/96 

 Glendale/Western Avenue 

 - 

 1,622 

 3,771 

 17,385 

 1,615 

 21,163 

 22,778 

 20,552 

 12/13/99 

 Burlingame 

 - 

 4,043 

 9,434 

 952 

 4,042 

 10,387 

 14,429 

 5,644 

 04/28/00 

 San Diego/Sorrento 

 - 

 1,282 

 3,016 

 942 

 1,023 

 4,217 

 5,240 

 2,311 

 12/30/99 

 Tamarac Parkway 

 - 

 1,902 

 4,467 

 1,373 

 1,890 

 5,852 

 7,742 

 1,607 

 04/02/02 

 Long Beach 

 - 

 887 

 6,251 

 344 

 887 

 6,595 

 7,482 

 2,060 

 08/22/06 

 Lakewood 512 

 - 

 4,437 

 6,685 

 1,868 

 4,437 

 8,553 

 12,990 

 3,178 

 08/22/06 

 Olive Innerbelt 

 - 

 787 

 3,023 

 67 

 787 

 3,090 

 3,877 

 809 

 08/22/06 

 St. Peters (land) 

 - 

 1,138 

 - 

 - 

 1,138 

 - 

 1,138 

 - 

 08/22/06 

 Monocacy (land) 

 - 

 1,386 

 - 

 - 

 1,386 

 - 

 1,386 

 - 

 08/22/06 

 Dolfield (land) 

 - 

 643 

 - 

 - 

 643 

 - 

 643 

 - 

 08/22/06 

 Village of Bee Caves (land) 

 - 

 544 

 - 

 - 

 544 

 - 

 544 

 - 

 08/22/06 

 Fontana (land) 

 - 

 99 

 - 

 - 

 99 

 - 

 99 

 - 

 Construction in progress 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 7,223 

 - 

 7,223 

 7,223 

 - 

 $ 149,368 

 $ 2,811,241 

 $ 6,618,568 

 $ 1,640,253 

 $ 2,868,925 

 $ 8,201,137 

 $ 11,070,062 

 $ 3,738,130 

 Note: 

 Buildings are depreciated over a useful life of 25 years. All amounts in Schedule III above are in thousands. 

 F-98