# SPG 10-K 申報日 2013-02-28 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0001047469-13-001862
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1063761/000104746913001862/a2212760z10-k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 a2212760z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Delaware 

 001-14469 

 046-268599 

 (State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) 

 (Commission File No.) 

 (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.) 

 225 West Washington Street

Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
 (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) 

 (317) 636-1600
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of each class 

 Name of each exchange

on which registered 

 Common stock, $0.0001 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 8 3 / 8 % Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act). Yes
 ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 o No ý 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
 ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes ý No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
 o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer ý 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 (Do not check if a smaller

reporting company) 

 Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12-b of the Act). Yes
 o No ý 

 The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $46,364 million based on the closing sale price on
the New York Stock Exchange for such stock on June 29, 2012. 

 As
of January 31, 2013, Simon Property Group, Inc. had 313,664,635 and 8,000 shares of common stock and Class B common stock outstanding, respectively. 

 Documents Incorporated By Reference 

 Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV; and portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement
in connection with its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Annual Report on Form 10-K
 December 31, 2012 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item No. 

 Page No. 

 Part I 

 1. 

 Business 

 3 

 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 8 

 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 12 

 2. 

 Properties 

 13 

 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 45 

 4. 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 45 

 Part II 

 5. 

 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 46 

 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 47 

 7. 

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 47 

 7A. 

 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

 47 

 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 47 

 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 47 

 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 47 

 9B. 

 Other Information 

 47 

 Part III 

 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 48 

 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 48 

 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 48 

 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

 48 

 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 48 

 Part IV 

 15. 

 Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 

 49 

 Signatures 

 50 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 Part I 

 Item 1. Business 

 Simon Property Group, Inc., or Simon Property, is a Delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real
estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. REITs will generally not be liable for federal corporate income taxes as long as
they continue to distribute in excess of 100% of their taxable income. Simon Property Group, L.P., or the Operating Partnership, is our majority-owned partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real
estate properties and other assets. In this discussion, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Simon Property, the Operating Partnership, and its subsidiaries. 

 We
own, develop and manage retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets®, The Mills®, and community/lifestyle centers. As of
December 31, 2012, we owned or held an interest in 317 income-producing properties in the United States, which consisted of 160 malls, 63 Premium Outlets, 68 community/lifestyle centers, 13 Mills and
13 other shopping centers or outlet centers in 38 states and Puerto Rico. We also have reinstituted redevelopment and expansion initiatives with renovation and expansion projects currently underway at
24 properties in the U.S. with 56 new anchor and big box tenants having opened in 2012 and an additional 30 scheduled to open in 2013. Internationally, as of December 31, 2012, we had ownership
interests in eight Premium Outlets in Japan, two Premium Outlets in South Korea, one Premium Outlet in Mexico, and one Premium Outlet in Malaysia. Additionally, as of December 31, 2012, we owned a
28.9% equity stake in Klépierre SA, or Klépierre, a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, more than 260 shopping centers
located in 13 countries in Europe. 

 For
a description of our operational strategies and developments in our business during 2012, see the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" section of the 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders filed as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10-K. 

 Other Policies 

 The following is a discussion of our investment policies, financing policies, conflict of interest policies and policies with respect
to certain other activities. One or more of these policies may be amended or rescinded from time to time without a stockholder vote. 

 Investment Policies 

 While we emphasize equity real estate investments, we may also provide secured financing to or invest in equity or debt securities of
other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers. However, any of these investments would be subject to the percentage ownership limitations and gross income tests
necessary for REIT qualification. These REIT limitations mean that we cannot make an investment that would cause our real estate assets to be less than 75% of our total assets. We must also derive at
least 75% of our gross income directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property, including "rents from real property," dividends from other REITs and, in
certain circumstances, interest from certain types of temporary investments. In addition, we must also derive at least 95% of our gross income from such real property investments, and from dividends,
interest and gains from the sale or dispositions of stock or securities or from other combinations of the foregoing. 

 Subject
to REIT limitations, we may invest in the securities of other issuers in connection with acquisitions of indirect interests in real estate. Such an investment would normally be
in the form of general or limited partnership or membership interests in special purpose partnerships and limited liability companies that own one or more properties. We may, in the future, acquire
all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs, management companies or similar entities where such investments would be consistent with our investment policies. 

 Financing Policies 

 Because our REIT qualification requires us to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income, we regularly access the debt markets to
raise the funds necessary to finance acquisitions, develop and redevelop properties, and refinance maturing debt. We must comply with the covenants contained in our financing agreements that limit our
ratio of debt to total assets or market value, as defined. For example, the Operating Partnership's line of credit and the indentures for the Operating Partnership's debt securities contain covenants
that restrict the total amount of debt of the Operating Partnership to 65%, or 60% in relation to certain debt, of total assets, as defined under the related 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 arrangement,
and secured debt to 50% of total assets. In addition, these agreements contain other covenants requiring compliance with financial ratios. Furthermore, the amount of debt that we may
incur is limited as a practical matter by our desire to maintain acceptable ratings for our equity securities and the debt securities of the Operating Partnership. We strive to maintain investment
grade ratings at all times, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in the future. 

 If
our Board of Directors determines to seek additional capital, we may raise such capital by offering equity or debt securities, creating joint ventures with existing ownership
interests in properties, entering into joint venture arrangements for new development projects, retaining cash flows or a combination of these methods. If the Board of Directors determines to raise
equity capital, it may, without stockholder approval, issue additional shares of common stock or other capital stock. The Board of Directors may issue a number of shares up to the amount of our
authorized capital in any manner and on such terms and for such consideration as it deems appropriate. Such securities may be senior to the outstanding classes of common stock. Such securities also
may include additional classes of preferred stock, which may be convertible into common stock. Existing stockholders have no preemptive right to purchase shares in any subsequent offering of our
securities. Any such offering could dilute a stockholder's investment in us. 

 We
expect most future borrowings would be made through the Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries. We might, however, incur borrowings that would be reloaned to the Operating
Partnership. Borrowings may be in the form of bank borrowings, publicly and privately placed debt instruments, or purchase money obligations to the sellers of properties. Any such indebtedness may be
secured or unsecured. Any such indebtedness may also have full or limited recourse to the borrower or cross-collateralized with other debt, or may be fully or partially guaranteed by
the Operating Partnership. Although we may borrow to fund the payment of dividends, we currently have no expectation that we will regularly do so. 

 The
Operating Partnership has an unsecured revolving credit facility, or the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility's initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion can be increased at our
sole option to $5.0 billion during its term. The Credit Facility will initially mature on October 30, 2015 and can be extended for an additional year at our sole option. On June 1, 2012, we entered
into an additional unsecured revolving credit facility, or the Supplemental Facility, with an initial borrowing capacity of $2.0 billion which can be increased at our sole option to $2.5 billion
during its term. The Supplemental Facility will initially mature on June 30, 2016 and can be extended for an additional year at our sole option. We issue debt securities through the Operating
Partnership, but we may issue our debt securities which may be convertible into capital stock or be accompanied by warrants to purchase capital stock. We also may sell or securitize our lease
receivables. 

 We
may also finance acquisitions through the following: 

 • issuance of shares of common stock or preferred stock; 

 • issuance of additional units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or units; 

 • issuance of preferred units of the Operating Partnership; 

 • issuance of other securities including unsecured notes and mortgage debt; 

 • draws on our credit facilities; or 

 • sale or exchange of ownership interests in properties. 

 The
Operating Partnership may also issue units to transferors of properties or other partnership interests which may permit the transferor to defer gain recognition for tax purposes. 

 We
do not have a policy limiting the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any particular property. Mortgage financing instruments, however, usually limit additional
indebtedness on such properties. Additionally, our unsecured credit facilities, unsecured note indentures and other contracts may limit our ability to borrow and contain limits on mortgage
indebtedness we may incur. 

 Typically,
we invest in or form special purpose entities to assist us in obtaining secured permanent financing at attractive terms. Permanent financing may be structured as a mortgage
loan on a single property, or on a group of properties, and generally requires us to provide a mortgage lien on the property or properties in favor of an institutional third party, as a joint venture
with a third party, or as a securitized financing. For securitized financings, we create special purpose entities to own the properties. These special purpose entities, which are common in the real
estate industry, are structured so that they would not be consolidated in a bankruptcy proceeding involving a parent 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 company.
We decide upon the structure of the financing based upon the best terms then available to us and whether the proposed financing is consistent with our other business objectives. For
accounting purposes, we include the outstanding securitized debt of special purpose entities owning consolidated properties as part of our consolidated indebtedness. 

 Conflict of Interest Policies 

 We maintain policies and have entered into agreements designed to reduce or eliminate potential conflicts of interest. We have adopted
governance principles governing the function, conduct, selection, orientation and duties of our Board of Directors and the Company, as well as written charters for each of the standing Committees of
the Board of Directors. In addition, we have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our officers, directors, and employees and those of our subsidiaries. At least a majority of
the members of our Board of Directors must qualify as independent under the listing standards for New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, companies and cannot be affiliated with the Simon family who are
significant stockholders and/or unitholders in the Operating Partnership. In addition, the Audit and Compensation Committees of our Board of Directors are comprised of independent members in
accordance with the independence requirements of the NYSE. Any transaction between us and the Simons, including property acquisitions, service and property management agreements and retail space
leases, must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

 The
sale by the Operating Partnership of any property that it owns may have an adverse tax impact on the Simons and/or other limited partners of the Operating Partnership. In order to
avoid any conflict of interest between Simon Property and the Simons, our charter requires that at least six of our independent directors must authorize and require the Operating Partnership to sell
any property it owns. Any such sale is subject to applicable agreements with third parties. Noncompetition agreements executed by Herbert Simon and David Simon contain covenants limiting their ability
to participate in certain shopping center activities. 

 Policies With Respect To Certain Other Activities 

 We intend to make investments which are consistent with our qualification as a REIT, unless the Board of Directors determines that it
is no longer in our best interests to so qualify as a REIT. The Board of Directors may make such a determination because of changing circumstances or changes in the REIT requirements. We have
authority to offer shares of our capital stock or other securities in exchange for property. We also have authority to repurchase or otherwise reacquire our shares or any other securities. We may
issue shares of our common stock, or cash at our option, to holders of units in future periods upon exercise of such holders' rights under the Operating Partnership agreement. Our policy prohibits us
from making any loans to our directors or executive officers for any purpose. We may make loans to the joint ventures in which we participate. Additionally, we may make or buy interests in loans for
real estate properties owned by others. 

 Competition 

 The retail industry is dynamic and competitive. We compete with numerous merchandise distribution channels including malls, outlet
centers, community/lifestyle centers, and other shopping centers in the United States and abroad. We also compete with internet retailing sites and catalogs which provide retailers with distribution
options beyond existing brick and mortar retail properties. The existence of competitive alternatives could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease space and on the level of rents we
can obtain. This results in competition for both the tenants to occupy the properties that we develop and manage as well as for the acquisition of prime sites (including land for development and
operating properties). We believe that there are numerous factors that make our properties highly desirable to retailers including: 

 • the quality, location and diversity of our properties; 

 • our management and operational expertise; 

 • our extensive experience and relationships with retailers and lenders; and 

 • our mall marketing initiatives and consumer focused strategic corporate alliances. 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

 Certain Activities 

 During the past three years, we have: 

 • issued 7,627,368 shares of common stock upon the exchange of 8,279,993 units of the Operating Partnership; 

 • issued 347,677 restricted shares of common stock and 1,470,679 long-term incentive performance units, or LTIP units, net of
forfeitures, under The Simon Property Group 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 1998 Plan; 

 • redeemed 2,000,000 units for $124.00 per unit in cash; 

 • issued 278,763 units in exchange for the acquisition of a 100% interest in two outlet properties; 

 • issued 427,146 shares of common stock upon exercise of stock options under the 1998 Plan, net of 76,969 shares used to fund
withholding tax; 

 • issued 6,670,589 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 7,871,276 shares of Series I 6% Convertible Perpetual
Preferred Stock, or Series I preferred stock; 

 • redeemed 219,879 shares of Series I preferred stock; 

 • issued 9,137,500 shares of common stock in a public offering at a public offering price of $137.00 per share; 

 • entered into the Credit Facility in October 2011 which provides an initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion and can be
increased at our sole option to $5.0 billion during its term; 

 • entered into the new Supplemental Facility on June 1, 2012, which provides an initial borrowing capacity of $2.0 billion
and can be increased at our sole option to $2.5 billion during its term; 

 • borrowed a maximum amount of $3.1 billion under the credit facilities; the outstanding amount of borrowings under the
credit facilities as of December 31, 2012 was $1.6 billion, of which $1.2 billion was related to U.S. dollar equivalent of Euro-denominated borrowings and $259.2 million was related to U.S. dollar
equivalent of Yen-denominated borrowings; 

 • provided annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and
quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements to our security holders. 

 Employees 

 At December 31, 2012, we and our affiliates employed approximately 5,500 persons at various properties and offices throughout the
United States, of which approximately 2,100 were part-time. Approximately 1,000 of these employees were located at our corporate headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana and 100 were located at our
Premium Outlets offices in Roseland, New Jersey. 

 Corporate Headquarters 

 Our corporate headquarters are located at 225 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and our telephone number is (317)
636-1600. 

 Available Information 

 We are a large accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act) and are
required, pursuant to Item 101 of Regulation S-K, to provide certain information regarding our website and the availability of certain documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC. Our Internet website address is www.simon.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available or may be accessed free of charge through the "About Simon/Investor Relations/Financial Information" section of our
Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected
thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The
following corporate governance documents are also available through the "About Simon/Investor Relations/Corporate Governance" section of our Internet website or may be obtained in
print form by request of our 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Investor
Relations Department: Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, and
Executive Committee Charter. 

 In
addition, we intend to disclose on our Internet website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed
pursuant to rules of the SEC and the NYSE. 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of December 31, 2012. 

 Name

 Age 

 Position 

 David Simon 

 51 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Richard S. Sokolov 

 63 

 President and Chief Operating Officer 

 David J. Contis 

 54 

 Senior Executive Vice President — President Simon Malls 

 Stephen E. Sterrett 

 57 

 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 John Rulli 

 56 

 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 

 James M. Barkley 

 61 

 General Counsel; Secretary 

 Andrew A. Juster 

 60 

 Executive Vice President and Treasurer 

 Steven E. Fivel 

 52 

 Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary 

 Steven K. Broadwater 

 46 

 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

 The
executive officers of Simon Property serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors except for David Simon and Richard S. Sokolov who are subject to employment agreements which may
call for certain payments upon termination. For biographical information of David Simon, Richard S. Sokolov, Stephen E. Sterrett, James M. Barkley and David J. Contis, see Item 10 of this report. 

 Mr.
Rulli serves as Simon Property's Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Rulli joined Melvin Simon & Associates, Inc., or MSA, in 1988
and held various positions with MSA and Simon Property thereafter. Mr. Rulli became Chief Administrative Officer in 2007 and was promoted to Senior Executive Vice President in 2011. 

 Mr.
Juster serves as Simon Property's Executive Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Juster joined MSA in 1989 and held various financial positions with MSA until 1993 and thereafter has
held various positions with Simon Property. Mr. Juster became Treasurer in 2001 and was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2008. 

 Mr.
Fivel serves as Simon Property's Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to rejoining Simon in 2011, Mr. Fivel served in a similar capacity with a large public
registrant. Mr. Fivel was previously with Simon Property from 1993 to 1997. 

 Mr.
Broadwater serves as Simon Property's Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and prior to that as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Mr. Broadwater joined Simon
Property in 2004 and was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer in 2009. 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows, and you should carefully consider them. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be
material may also affect our actual results. We may update these factors in our future periodic reports. 

 Risks Relating to Debt and the Financial Markets 

 We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. 

 As of December 31, 2012, our consolidated mortgages and other indebtedness, excluding related premium and discount, totaled $23.1
billion. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service. Our debt service
costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. Should such
events occur, our operations may be adversely affected. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the
property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. 

 Disruption in the credit markets or downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service
requirements. 

 We depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet
ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit rating, the willingness of banks to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for future growth or to meet our debt service as obligations mature, or that the financing available to us will be on acceptable terms. 

 Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. 

 Our outstanding senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The
credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and
the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund
our growth, adverse changes in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our future growth. 

 Our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. 

 We selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or
cap a portion of our variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be
successful. 

 Our
use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a
hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest
rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of these hedging
agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 

 Factors Affecting Real Estate Investments and Operations 

 We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties. 

 We regularly acquire and develop new properties and expand and redevelop existing properties, and these activities are subject to
various risks. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/ 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 expansion
opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected. We are subject to other risks in connection with any
acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following: 

 • construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable; 

 • we may not be able to obtain financing or to refinance loans on favorable terms, if at all; 

 • we may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; 

 • occupancy rates and rents may not meet our projections and the project may not be profitable; and 

 • we may need the consent of third parties such as anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those
consents may be withheld. 

 If
a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project
planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. 

 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

 Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a
result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic or other conditions may be limited. If we want to sell a property, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or that the sales price of a property will exceed the cost of our investment. 

 Our international expansion may subject us to different or greater risk from those associated with our domestic operations. 

 As of December 31, 2012, we hold interests in joint venture properties that operate in Japan, South Korea, Mexico, and Malaysia. We
also have an equity stake in Klépierre, a publicly-traded European real estate company. Accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted
by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in the foreign operation is held. We may pursue additional expansion and
development opportunities outside the United States. International development and ownership activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties and operations.
These risks include: 

 • adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies; 

 • changes in foreign political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally; 

 • challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws including corporate governance, operations, taxes, and
litigation; 

 • differing lending practices; 

 • differences in cultures; 

 • changes in applicable laws and regulations in the United States that affect foreign operations; 

 • difficulties in managing international operations; and 

 • obstacles to the repatriation of earnings and cash. 

 Although
our international activities currently are a relatively small portion of our business (international properties represented approximately 6.3% of net operating income, or NOI,
for the year ended December 31, 2012), to the extent that we expand our international activities, these risks could increase in significance which in turn could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Environmental Risks 

 As owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination. 

 Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require us, as a current or previous
owner or operator of real property, to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property or at impacted neighboring properties. These laws often impose
liability regardless of whether the property owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. These laws and regulations may require the abatement or
removal of asbestos containing materials in the event of damage, demolition or renovation, reconstruction or expansion of a property and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the
air. Those laws and regulations also govern the installation, maintenance and removal of underground storage tanks used to store waste oils or other petroleum products. Many of our properties contain,
or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment). The costs
of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances may be substantial and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition but is not estimable. The
presence of contamination, or the failure to remediate contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow using a property as collateral. 

 Our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful. 

 Although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and
regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. Nearly all of our properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits. These
environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
However, we cannot assure you that: 

 • existing environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities; 

 • any previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; 

 • the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of
nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or 

 • future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the
interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities. 

 Retail Operations Risks 

 Overall economic conditions may adversely affect the general retail environment. 

 Our concentration in the retail real estate market means that we are subject to the risks that affect the retail environment generally,
including the levels of consumer spending, seasonality, the willingness of retailers to lease space in our shopping centers, tenant bankruptcies, changes in economic conditions, increasing use of the
internet by retailers and consumers, consumer confidence, casualties and other natural disasters, and the potential for terrorist activities. The economy and consumer spending appear to be recovering
from the effects of the recent recession. We derive our cash flow from operations primarily from retail tenants, many of whom have been and continue to be under some degree of economic stress. A
significant deterioration in our cash flow from operations could require us to curtail planned capital expenditures or seek alternative sources of financing. 

 We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. 

 We may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants or for rents that are consistent with our projections.
Also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than
the current lease terms. To the extent that our leasing plans are not achieved, our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures could be adversely affected. Changes in economic and
operating conditions that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other assets could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future
charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results. 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 Some of our properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of or a store closure by one or more of these
tenants. 

 Malls are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. The value of some of our properties
could be adversely affected if these tenants fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations, or cease their operations. Department store and larger
store, also referred to as "big box", consolidations typically result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations. We do not control the disposition of
those department stores or larger stores that we do not own. We also may not control the vacant space that is not re-leased in those stores we do own. Other tenants may be entitled to modify the terms
of their existing leases in the event of such closures. The modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease rents or
expense recovery charges. Additionally, major tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic which could lead to decreased sales at other stores. If the sales of stores operating in our
properties were to decline significantly due to closing of anchors, economic conditions, or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. In the event of
default by a tenant or anchor store, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover amounts due to us under the terms of our agreements with those parties. 

 We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. 

 Bankruptcy filings by retailers occur regularly in the course of our operations. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces
resulting from tenant terminations. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant, may make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the affected properties. Future tenant bankruptcies
could adversely affect our properties or impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy. 

 We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably. 

 Our properties compete with other retail properties and other forms of retailing such as catalogs and e-commerce websites. Competition
may come from malls, outlet centers, community/lifestyle centers, and other shopping centers, both existing as well as future development projects, as well as catalogs and e-commerce. The presence of
competitive alternatives affects our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. New construction, renovations and expansions at competing sites could also negatively affect our
properties. 

 We
also compete with other retail property developers to acquire prime development sites. In addition, we compete with other retail property companies for tenants and qualified
management. 

 Risks Relating to Joint Venture Properties 

 We have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance
them. 

 As of December 31, 2012, we owned interests in 108 income-producing properties with other parties. Of those, 18 properties are included
in our consolidated financial statements. We account for the other 90 properties under the equity method of accounting, which we refer to as joint venture properties. We serve as general partner or
property manager for 74 of these 90 properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing and redeveloping the properties require the consent of
the other owners. Of the properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 12 are in our international joint ventures. The other owners also have other participating rights
that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the properties' assets. The remaining joint venture properties are managed by third parties. These limitations may adversely
affect our ability to sell, refinance, or otherwise operate these properties. 

 The Operating Partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties. 

 Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property. As of
December 31, 2012, the Operating Partnership had guaranteed $84.9 million of joint venture related mortgage or other indebtedness. A default by a joint venture under its debt obligations may expose us
to liability under a guaranty or letter of credit. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests),
advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise. 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 Other Factors Affecting Our Business 

 Some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 

 We maintain insurance coverage with third party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses
including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the United States. The initial portion of coverage not provided by third
party carriers is either insured through our wholly-owned captive insurance companies or other financial arrangements controlled by us. A third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide evidence
of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier's policy. A similar policy written through our captive insurance entities also provides initial coverage for property
insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations. 

 There
are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could
lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate. 

 We
currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the United States on an "all risk" basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. The current
federal laws which provide this coverage are expected to operate through 2014. Despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could
adversely affect our property values, revenues, consumer traffic and tenant sales. 

 Risks Relating to Income Taxes 

 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT in the United States and certain of our international operations currently receive favorable tax treatment. 

 We are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes,
franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. We currently receive favorable tax treatment in various domestic and international jurisdictions
through tax rules and regulations or through international treaties. Should we no longer receive such benefits, the amount of taxes we pay may increase. 

 In
the U.S., we have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. We believe we have been organized and operated in a manner which allows
us to qualify for taxation as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code. We intend to continue to operate in this manner. However, our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet, through actual annual operating
results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the various qualification tests imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. REIT qualification is governed by highly
technical and complex provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we have operated or will continue to operate in a
manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 

 If
we fail to comply with those provisions, we may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as a REIT. If such events occurs, and if available relief
provisions do not apply: 

 • we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income; 

 • we will be subject to corporate level income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income
at regular corporate rates; and 

 • unless entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, we will also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for
the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 

 United States Properties 

 Our U.S. properties primarily consist of malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, community/lifestyle centers, and other properties. These
properties contain an aggregate of approximately 239.2 million square feet of gross leasable area, or GLA, of which we own approximately 152.9 million square feet. 

 Malls
typically contain at least one traditional department store anchor or a combination of anchors and big box retailers with a wide variety of smaller stores connecting the anchors.
Additional stores are usually located along the perimeter of the parking area. Our 160 malls are generally enclosed centers and range in size from approximately 400,000 to 2.5 million square feet of
GLA. Our malls contain in the aggregate more than 17,100 occupied stores, including approximately 680 anchors, which are predominately national retailers. 

 Premium
Outlets generally contain a wide variety of designer and manufacturer stores located in open-air centers. Our 63 Premium Outlets range in size from approximately 150,000 to
850,000 square feet of GLA. The Premium Outlets are generally located near major metropolitan areas and/or tourist destinations. 

 The
Mills generally range in size from 1.0 million to 2.2 million square feet of GLA and are located in major metropolitan areas. They have a combination of traditional mall, outlet
center, and big box retailers and entertainment uses. 

 Community/lifestyle
centers are generally unenclosed and smaller than our malls. Our 68 community/lifestyle centers generally range in size from approximately 100,000 to 950,000 square
feet of GLA. Community/lifestyle centers are designed to serve a larger trade area and typically contain anchor stores and other national retail tenants, which occupy a significant portion of the GLA
of the center. We also own traditional community shopping centers that focus primarily on value-oriented and convenience goods and services. These centers are usually anchored by a supermarket,
discount retailer, or drugstore and are designed to service a neighborhood area. Finally, we own open-air centers adjacent to our malls designed to take advantage of the drawing power of the mall. 

 We
also have interests in 13 other shopping centers or outlet centers. These properties range in size from approximately 85,000 to 1.1 million square feet of GLA, are considered
non-core to our business model, and in total represent less than 1% of our total operating income before depreciation and amortization. 

 As
of December 31, 2012, approximately 95.3% of the owned GLA in malls and Premium Outlets and the retail space of the other properties was leased, approximately 97.2% of the owned GLA
for The Mills was leased and approximately 94.7% of the owned GLA in the community/lifestyle centers was leased. 

 We
wholly own 221 of our properties, effectively control 18 properties in which we have a joint venture interest, and hold the remaining 78 properties through unconsolidated joint
venture interests. We are the managing or co-managing general partner or member of 313 properties. Certain of our joint venture properties are subject to various rights of first refusal, buy-sell
provisions, put and call rights, or other sale or marketing rights for partners which are customary in real estate partnership agreements and the industry. We and our partners in these joint ventures
may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions) which may result in either the sale of our interest or the use of available cash or borrowings, or the use of
Operating Partnership units, to acquire the joint venture interest from our partner. 

 The
following property table summarizes certain data for our malls and Premium Outlets, The Mills, and community/lifestyle centers located in the United States, including Puerto Rico,
as of December 31, 2012. 

 13 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 Malls 

 1. 

 Anderson Mall 

 SC 

 Anderson 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1972 

 84.2% 

 671,748 

 Belk, JCPenney, Sears, Dillard's, Books-A-Million 

 2. 

 Apple Blossom Mall 

 VA 

 Winchester 

 Fee 

 49.1 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 95.9% 

 419,665 

 Belk, JCPenney, Sears, Carmike Cinemas(6) 

 3. 

 Arsenal Mall 

 MA 

 Watertown (Boston) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1999 

 95.5% 

 439,615 

 Marshalls, Sports Authority, The Home Depot, Golf Town 

 4. 

 Auburn Mall 

 MA 

 Auburn 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 98.1% 

 587,444 

 Macy's (2 locations), Sears 

 5. 

 Aventura Mall(1) 

 FL 

 Miami Beach (Miami) 

 Fee 

 33.3 

 %(4) 

 Built 1983 

 99.1% 

 2,105,858 

 Bloomingdale's, Macy's, Macy's Men's & Home Furniture, JCPenney, Sears, Nordstrom, Equinox Fitness Clubs, AMC Theatres 

 6. 

 Avenues, The 

 FL 

 Jacksonville 

 Fee 

 25.0 

 %(4)(2) 

 Built 1990 

 96.4% 

 1,116,479 

 Belk, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Forever 21 

 7. 

 Bangor Mall 

 ME 

 Bangor 

 Fee 

 67.1 

 %(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 98.1% 

 652,531 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods 

 8. 

 Barton Creek Square 

 TX 

 Austin 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1981 

 100.0% 

 1,429,965 

 Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, AMC Theatre 

 9. 

 Battlefield Mall 

 MO 

 Springfield 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2056) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1970 

 98.4% 

 1,198,681 

 Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, MC Sports 

 10. 

 Bay Park Square 

 WI 

 Green Bay 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 95.6% 

 711,548 

 Younkers, Younkers Home Furniture Gallery, Kohl's, ShopKo, Marcus Cinema 16 

 11. 

 Bowie Town Center 

 MD 

 Bowie (Washington, D.C.) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2001 

 95.2% 

 685,686 

 Macy's, Sears, Barnes & Noble, Best Buy, Safeway,(8) 

 12. 

 Boynton Beach Mall 

 FL 

 Boynton Beach (Miami) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1985 

 88.4% 

 1,101,200 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Cinemark Theatres, You Fit Health Clubs,(8) 

 13. 

 Brea Mall 

 CA 

 Brea (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 96.7% 

 1,320,799 

 Nordstrom, Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears 

 14. 

 Briarwood Mall 

 MI 

 Ann Arbor 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 97.2% 

 971,865 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Von Maur 

 15. 

 Broadway Square 

 TX 

 Tyler 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1994 

 100.0% 

 627,934 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears 

 16. 

 Brunswick Square 

 NJ 

 East Brunswick (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1973 

 99.3% 

 760,361 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Barnes & Noble, Starplex Luxury Cinema 

 17. 

 Burlington Mall 

 MA 

 Burlington (Boston) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2048)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 96.5% 

 1,316,849 

 Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Sears, Nordstrom, Crate & Barrel 

 18. 

 Cape Cod Mall 

 MA 

 Hyannis 

 Fee and Ground Leases (2029-2073)(7) 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 96.1% 

 721,749 

 Macy's (2 locations), Sears, Best Buy, Marshalls, Barnes & Noble, Regal Cinema 

 19. 

 Castleton Square 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1972 

 99.0% 

 1,383,194 

 Macy's, Von Maur, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, AMC Theatres 

 20. 

 Charlottesville Fashion Square 

 VA 

 Charlottesville 

 Ground Lease (2076) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 95.9% 

 576,157 

 Belk (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears 

 21. 

 Chautauqua Mall 

 NY 

 Lakewood 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1971 

 94.2% 

 429,305 

 Sears, JCPenney, Bon Ton, Office Max, Dipson Cinema 

 22. 

 Chesapeake Square 

 VA 

 Chesapeake (Virginia Beach) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2062) 

 75.0 

 %(12) 

 Built 1989 

 86.1% 

 759,915 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Target, Burlington Coat Factory, Cinemark Theatres 

 23. 

 Cielo Vista Mall 

 TX 

 El Paso 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2022)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1974 

 99.4% 

 1,241,535 

 Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Cinemark Theatres 

 14 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 24. 

 Circle Centre 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Property Lease (2097) 

 14.7 

 %(4)(2) 

 Built 1995 

 95.5% 

 771,104 

 Carson's, United Artists Theatre,(8) 

 25. 

 Coconut Point 

 FL 

 Estero 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 2006 

 93.5% 

 1,204,910 

 Dillard's, Barnes & Noble, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, DSW, Office Max, PetsMart, Ross Dress for Less, Cost Plus World Market, T.J. Maxx, Hollywood Theatres,
Super Target 

 26. 

 Coddingtown Mall 

 CA 

 Santa Rosa 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2005 

 97.4% 

 633,771 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Whole Foods, Target(6) 

 27. 

 College Mall 

 IN 

 Bloomington 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2048)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1965 

 85.2% 

 636,807 

 Macy's, Sears, Target, Dick's Sporting Goods, Bed Bath & Beyond 

 28. 

 Columbia Center 

 WA 

 Kennewick 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1987 

 99.1% 

 770,460 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Barnes & Noble, Regal Cinema 

 29. 

 Copley Place 

 MA 

 Boston 

 Fee 

 98.1 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 97.3% 

 1,241,804 

 Neiman Marcus, Barneys New York 

 30. 

 Coral Square 

 FL 

 Coral Springs (Miami) 

 Fee 

 97.2 

 % 

 Built 1984 

 97.9% 

 943,552 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's 

 31. 

 Cordova Mall 

 FL 

 Pensacola 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 98.1% 

 835,986 

 Dillard's, Belk, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Cost Plus World Market, Ross Dress for Less, Dick's Sporting Goods(6) 

 32. 

 Cottonwood Mall 

 NM 

 Albuquerque 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1996 

 95.7% 

 1,042,904 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema,(11) 

 33. 

 Crystal Mall 

 CT 

 Waterford 

 Fee 

 78.2 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1998 

 91.7% 

 783,292 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops 

 34. 

 Dadeland Mall 

 FL 

 Miami 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1997 

 99.7% 

 1,399,312 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney 

 35. 

 Del Amo Fashion Center 

 CA 

 Torrance (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 90.6% 

 2,344,710 

 Macy's (2 locations), Macy's Home & Furniture Gallery, JCPenney, Sears, Marshalls, T.J. Maxx, Barnes & Noble, JoAnn Fabrics, Crate & Barrel, L.A. Fitness, Burlington Coat
Factory, AMC Theatres, Nordstrom(6) 

 36. 

 Domain, The 

 TX 

 Austin 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2006 

 97.0% 

 1,214,495 

 Neiman Marcus, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, iPic Theaters, Dillard's, Arhaus Furniture(6), Punch Bowl Social(6) 

 37. 

 Dover Mall 

 DE 

 Dover 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2021)(7) 

 68.1 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 91.6% 

 874,987 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Boscov's, Sears, Carmike Cinemas, Dick's Sporting Goods(6) 

 38. 

 Edison Mall 

 FL 

 Fort Myers 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 95.4% 

 1,053,530 

 Dillard's, Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Books-A-Million 

 39. 

 Emerald Square 

 MA 

 North Attleboro (Providence — RI) 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 93.3% 

 1,022,740 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears 

 40. 

 Empire Mall 

 SD 

 Sioux Falls 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2033)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 94.9% 

 1,069,723 

 Macy's, Younkers, JCPenney, Sears, Gordmans, Hy-Vee 

 41. 

 Falls, The 

 FL 

 Miami 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 100.0% 

 839,914 

 Bloomingdale's, Macy's, Regal Cinema, The Fresh Market 

 42. 

 Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, The 

 VA 

 Arlington (Washington, DC) 

 Fee 

 42.5 

 %(4) 

 Built 1989 

 99.0% 

 988,839 

 Nordstrom, Macy's 

 43. 

 Fashion Mall at Keystone, The 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2067)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 93.0% 

 677,105 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Crate & Barrel, Nordstrom, Keystone Art Cinema 

 44. 

 Fashion Valley 

 CA 

 San Diego 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2001 

 98.9% 

 1,727,579 

 Forever 21, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Macy's, JCPenney, AMC Theatres, The Container Store 

 45. 

 Firewheel Town Center 

 TX 

 Garland (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2005 

 94.2% 

 1,000,108 

 Dillard's, Macy's, Barnes & Noble, DSW, Cost Plus World Market, AMC Theatres, Dick's Sporting Goods, Ethan Allen, Toys 'R Us/Babies 'R Us(6) 

 46. 

 Florida Mall, The 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 1986 

 97.5% 

 1,771,648 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, H&M, Forever 21, Zara 

 47. 

 Forest Mall 

 WI 

 Fond Du Lac 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1973 

 92.4% 

 500,273 

 JCPenney, Kohl's, Younkers, Sears, Cinema I & II 

 48. 

 Forum Shops at Caesars, The 

 NV 

 Las Vegas 

 Ground Lease (2050) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1992 

 98.0% 

 674,920 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 49. 

 Great Lakes Mall 

 OH 

 Mentor (Cleveland) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1961 

 91.4% 

 1,236,998 

 Dillard's (2 locations), Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Atlas Cinema Stadium 16, Barnes & Noble 

 50. 

 Greendale Mall 

 MA 

 Worcester (Boston) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2019)(7) 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 94.8% 

 429,711 

 T.J. Maxx 'N More, Best Buy, DSW, Big Lots 

 51. 

 Greenwood Park Mall 

 IN 

 Greenwood (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1979 

 99.0% 

 1,287,976 

 Macy's, Von Maur, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble, Regal Cinema 

 52. 

 Gulf View Square 

 FL 

 Port Richey (Tampa) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 88.7% 

 752,851 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Best Buy, T.J. Maxx 

 53. 

 Haywood Mall 

 SC 

 Greenville 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2017)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 98.7% 

 1,228,778 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Belk 

 54. 

 Houston Galleria 

 TX 

 Houston 

 Fee 

 50.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2002 

 96.6% 

 2,237,012 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Macy's (2 locations), Galleria Tennis/Athletic Club 

 55. 

 Independence Center 

 MO 

 Independence (Kansas City) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1994 

 98.1% 

 866,915 

 Dillard's, Macy's, Sears 

 56. 

 Indian River Mall 

 FL 

 Vero Beach 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 1996 

 87.7% 

 736,621 

 Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, AMC Theatres 

 57. 

 Ingram Park Mall 

 TX 

 San Antonio 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1979 

 96.2% 

 1,124,842 

 Dillard's (2 locations), Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Bealls 

 58. 

 Irving Mall 

 TX 

 Irving (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1971 

 93.6% 

 1,052,817 

 Macy's, Dillard's, Sears, Burlington Coat Factory, La Vida Fashion and Home Décor, AMC Theatres, Fitness Connection(6) 

 59. 

 Jefferson Valley Mall 

 NY 

 Yorktown Heights (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1983 

 90.6% 

 556,141 

 Macy's, Sears,(8) 

 60. 

 King of Prussia — The Court & The Plaza 

 PA 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 96.1 

 % 

 Acquired 2003 

 96.5% 

 2,448,211 

 Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Lord & Taylor, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Crate & Barrel, Arhaus Furniture, The Container Store(6) 

 61. 

 Knoxville Center 

 TN 

 Knoxville 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1984 

 75.6% 

 963,989 

 JCPenney, Belk, Sears, The Rush Fitness Center, Regal Cinema 

 62. 

 La Plaza Mall 

 TX 

 McAllen 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2040)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1976 

 97.9% 

 1,221,717 

 Macy's (2 locations), Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Joe Brand 

 63. 

 Laguna Hills Mall 

 CA 

 Laguna Hills (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 73.6% 

 846,595 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Nordstrom Rack, Total Woman Gym & Spa 

 64. 

 Lakeline Mall 

 TX 

 Cedar Park (Austin) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1995 

 97.7% 

 1,097,509 

 Dillard's (2 locations), Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema 

 65. 

 Lehigh Valley Mall 

 PA 

 Whitehall 

 Fee 

 38.0 

 %(4)(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 100.0% 

 1,169,239 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Boscov's, Barnes & Noble, hhgregg, Babies 'R Us 

 66. 

 Lenox Square 

 GA 

 Atlanta 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 91.6% 

 1,558,899 

 Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Macy's 

 67. 

 Liberty Tree Mall 

 MA 

 Danvers (Boston) 

 Fee 

 49.1 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 91.9% 

 856,283 

 Marshalls, Sports Authority, Target, Kohl's, Best Buy, Staples, AC Moore, AMC Theatres, Nordstrom Rack, Off Broadway Shoes,(8) 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 68. 

 Lima Mall 

 OH 

 Lima 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1965 

 96.7% 

 741,773 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Elder-Beerman, Sears, MC Sporting Goods 

 69. 

 Lincolnwood Town Center 

 IL 

 Lincolnwood (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1990 

 94.1% 

 421,342 

 Kohl's, Carson's 

 70. 

 Lindale Mall 

 IA 

 Cedar Rapids 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 93.9% 

 689,584 

 Von Maur, Sears, Younkers 

 71. 

 Livingston Mall 

 NJ 

 Livingston (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 93.5% 

 968,626 

 Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Sears, Barnes & Noble 

 72. 

 Longview Mall 

 TX 

 Longview 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1978 

 96.5% 

 638,539 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Bealls 

 73. 

 Mall at Chestnut Hill, The 

 MA 

 Chestnut Hill (Boston) 

 Lease (2038)(9) 

 94.4 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 87.3% 

 468,878 

 Bloomingdale's (2 locations) 

 74. 

 Mall at Rockingham Park, The 

 NH 

 Salem (Boston) 

 Fee 

 28.2 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 98.6% 

 1,025,146 

 JCPenney, Sears, Macy's, Lord & Taylor 

 75. 

 Mall at Tuttle Crossing, The 

 OH 

 Dublin (Columbus) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 96.1% 

 1,129,203 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears 

 76. 

 Mall of Georgia 

 GA 

 Buford (Atlanta) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1999 

 97.9% 

 1,822,740 

 Nordstrom, Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Belk, Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble, Haverty's Furniture, Regal Cinema 

 77. 

 Mall of New Hampshire, The 

 NH 

 Manchester 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 97.5% 

 811,080 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Best Buy, A.C. Moore 

 78. 

 Maplewood Mall 

 MN 

 St. Paul (Minneapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 94.1% 

 926,483 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's, Barnes & Noble 

 79. 

 Markland Mall 

 IN 

 Kokomo 

 Ground Lease (2041) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1968 

 96.1% 

 416,664 

 Sears, Target, MC Sporting Goods, Carson's 

 80. 

 McCain Mall 

 AR 

 N. Little Rock 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1973 

 93.1% 

 789,980 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema 

 81. 

 Meadowood Mall 

 NV 

 Reno 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 94.7% 

 875,026 

 Macy's (2 locations), Sears, JCPenney,(8) 

 82. 

 Melbourne Square 

 FL 

 Melbourne 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1982 

 88.0% 

 703,014 

 Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Dick's Sporting Goods,(8) 

 83. 

 Menlo Park Mall 

 NJ 

 Edison (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 98.4% 

 1,322,704 

 Nordstrom, Macy's, Barnes & Noble, AMC Dine-In Theatre, WOW! Work Out World, Fortunoff Backyard Store 

 84. 

 Mesa Mall 

 CO 

 Grand Junction 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 85.4% 

 881,686 

 Sears, Herberger's, JCPenney, Target, Cabela's, Sports Authority, Jo-Ann Fabrics 

 85. 

 Miami International Mall 

 FL 

 Miami 

 Fee 

 47.8 

 %(4) 

 Built 1982 

 96.3% 

 1,080,172 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's 

 86. 

 Midland Park Mall 

 TX 

 Midland 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 97.9% 

 615,340 

 Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Bealls, Ross Dress for Less 

 87. 

 Miller Hill Mall 

 MN 

 Duluth 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1973 

 98.0% 

 784,339 

 JCPenney, Sears, Younkers, Barnes & Noble, DSW, Dick's Sporting Goods(6) 

 88. 

 Montgomery Mall 

 PA 

 North Wales (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 60.0 

 %(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 85.3% 

 986,815 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Wegmans(6) 

 89. 

 Muncie Mall 

 IN 

 Muncie 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1970 

 97.1% 

 631,809 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Carson's 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 90. 

 North East Mall 

 TX 

 Hurst (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1971 

 98.5% 

 1,670,072 

 Nordstrom, Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Rave Theatre 

 91. 

 Northfield Square 

 IL 

 Bourbonnais 

 Fee 

 71.7 

 %(12) 

 Built 1990 

 88.3% 

 530,325 

 Carson's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Cinemark Movies 10 

 92. 

 Northgate Mall 

 WA 

 Seattle 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1987 

 96.9% 

 1,054,743 

 Nordstrom, Macy's, JCPenney, Barnes & Noble, Bed Bath & Beyond, DSW, Nordstrom Rack 

 93. 

 Northlake Mall 

 GA 

 Atlanta 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 86.0% 

 963,404 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's 

 94. 

 Northshore Mall 

 MA 

 Peabody (Boston) 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 97.7% 

 1,591,949 

 JCPenney, Sears, Nordstrom, Macy's Men's & Furniture, Macys, Barnes & Noble, Toys 'R Us, Shaw's Grocery, The Container Store, DSW 

 95. 

 Northwoods Mall 

 IL 

 Peoria 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1983 

 93.8% 

 693,497 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears 

 96. 

 Oak Court Mall 

 TN 

 Memphis 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 96.9% 

 849,645 

 Dillard's (2 locations), Macy's 

 97. 

 Ocean County Mall 

 NJ 

 Toms River (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 91.3% 

 891,871 

 Macy's, Boscov's, JCPenney, Sears 

 98. 

 Orange Park Mall 

 FL 

 Orange Park (Jacksonville) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1994 

 97.7% 

 959,529 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Belk, Dick's Sporting Goods, AMC Theatres 

 99. 

 Orland Square 

 IL 

 Orland Park (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 97.4% 

 1,234,454 

 Macy's, Carson's, JCPenney, Sears, Dave & Buster's 

 100. 

 Oxford Valley Mall 

 PA 

 Langhorne (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 64.9 

 %(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 90.7% 

 1,331,225 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, United Artists Theatre,(8) 

 101. 

 Paddock Mall 

 FL 

 Ocala 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 98.5% 

 556,796 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Belk 

 102. 

 Penn Square Mall 

 OK 

 Oklahoma City 

 Ground Lease (2060) 

 94.5 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 98.9% 

 1,058,006 

 Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, AMC Theatres 

 103. 

 Pheasant Lane Mall 

 NH 

 Nashua 

 — 

 0.0 

 %(14) 

 Acquired 2002 

 94.6% 

 979,910 

 JCPenney, Sears, Target, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods 

 104. 

 Phipps Plaza 

 GA 

 Atlanta 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 97.2% 

 830,811 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Belk, AMC Theatres, Arhaus Furniture, Legoland Discovery Center 

 105. 

 Plaza Carolina 

 PR 

 Carolina (San Juan) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 95.5% 

 1,101,563 

 JCPenney, Sears, Tiendas Capri, Econo, Best Buy, T.J. Maxx, DSW 

 106. 

 Port Charlotte Town Center 

 FL 

 Port Charlotte 

 Fee 

 80.0 

 %(12) 

 Built 1989 

 92.1% 

 765,042 

 Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Bealls, Sears, DSW, Regal Cinema 

 107. 

 Prien Lake Mall 

 LA 

 Lake Charles 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2025)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1972 

 98.8% 

 782,988 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Cinemark Theatres, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods(6) 

 108. 

 Quaker Bridge Mall 

 NJ 

 Lawrenceville 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2003 

 78.2% 

 1,073,802 

 Macy's, Lord & Taylor, JCPenney, Sears 

 109. 

 Richmond Town Square 

 OH 

 Richmond Heights (Cleveland) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1966 

 93.2% 

 1,011,971 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema 

 110. 

 River Oaks Center 

 IL 

 Calumet City (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 96.3% 

 1,211,835 

 Macy's, Carson's, JCPenney, Sears 

 111. 

 Rockaway Townsquare 

 NJ 

 Rockaway (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 95.2% 

 1,247,750 

 Macy's, Lord & Taylor, JCPenney, Sears 

 112. 

 Rolling Oaks Mall 

 TX 

 San Antonio 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1988 

 87.2% 

 882,350 

 Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears 

 113. 

 Roosevelt Field 

 NY 

 Garden City (New York) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2090)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 98.2% 

 2,247,428 

 Bloomingdale's, Bloomingdale's Furniture Gallery, Nordstrom, Macy's, JCPenney, Dick's Sporting Goods, Loews Theatre, XSport Fitness, Neiman Marcus(6) 

 114. 

 Ross Park Mall 

 PA 

 Pittsburgh 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1986 

 96.5% 

 1,240,229 

 JCPenney, Sears, Nordstrom, L.L. Bean, Macy's, Crate & Barrel 

 18 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 115. 

 Rushmore Mall 

 SD 

 Rapid City 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 73.1% 

 829,585 

 JCPenney, Herberger's, Sears, Carmike Cinemas, Hobby Lobby, Toys 'R Us 

 116. 

 Santa Rosa Plaza 

 CA 

 Santa Rosa 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 94.2% 

 693,988 

 Macy's, Sears, Forever 21 

 117. 

 Seminole Towne Center 

 FL 

 Sanford (Orlando) 

 Fee 

 45.0 

 %(4)(2) 

 Built 1995 

 80.5% 

 1,106,121 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, United Artists Theatre, Dick's Sporting Goods, Burlington Coat Factory 

 118. 

 Shops at Mission Viejo, The 

 CA 

 Mission Viejo (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 51.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 1979 

 99.3% 

 1,152,757 

 Nordstrom, Macy's Women's, Macy's Men's and Furniture, Forever 21 

 119. 

 Shops at Riverside, The 

 NJ 

 Hackensack (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 93.1% 

 771,214 

 Bloomingdale's, Saks Fifth Avenue, Barnes & Noble, Arhaus Furniture 

 120. 

 Shops at Sunset Place, The 

 FL 

 S. Miami 

 Fee 

 37.5 

 %(4)(2) 

 Built 1999 

 81.4% 

 514,205 

 Barnes & Noble, Gametime, Z Gallerie, LA Fitness, AMC Theatres, Splitsville,(8) 

 121. 

 Smith Haven Mall 

 NY 

 Lake Grove (New York) 

 Fee 

 25.0 

 %(4)(2) 

 Acquired 1995 

 93.8% 

 1,291,918 

 Macy's, Macy's Furniture Gallery, JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble 

 122. 

 Solomon Pond Mall 

 MA 

 Marlborough (Boston) 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 96.2% 

 884,758 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema 

 123. 

 South Hills Village 

 PA 

 Pittsburgh 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 90.9% 

 1,114,073 

 Macy's, Sears, Barnes & Noble, Carmike Cinemas, Dick's Sporting Goods, Target(6) 

 124. 

 South Shore Plaza 

 MA 

 Braintree (Boston) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 94.1% 

 1,591,623 

 Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Sears, Nordstrom, Target, DSW(6) 

 125. 

 Southdale Center 

 MN 

 Edina (Minneapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 81.1% 

 1,246,073 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Marshalls, AMC Theatres, Herberger's 

 126. 

 Southern Hills Mall 

 IA 

 Sioux City 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 87.7% 

 790,508 

 Younkers, JCPenney, Sears, Scheel's All Sports, Barnes & Noble, Carmike Cinemas, Hy-Vee 

 127. 

 Southern Park Mall 

 OH 

 Youngstown 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1970 

 86.0% 

 1,202,645 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Cinemark Theatres 

 128. 

 SouthPark 

 NC 

 Charlotte 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2040)(10) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 94.3% 

 1,621,368 

 Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's, Belk, Dick's Sporting Goods, Crate & Barrel, The Container Store 

 129. 

 Southridge Mall 

 WI 

 Greendale (Milwaukee) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 88.5% 

 1,165,464 

 JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's, Boston Store, Macy's 

 130. 

 Springfield Mall(1) 

 PA 

 Springfield (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 38.0 

 %(4)(15) 

 Acquired 2005 

 86.8% 

 611,126 

 Macy's, Target 

 131. 

 Square One Mall 

 MA 

 Saugus (Boston) 

 Fee 

 56.4 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1999 

 96.7% 

 928,535 

 Macy's, Sears, Best Buy, T.J. Maxx N More, Dick's Sporting Goods, Work Out World,(8) 

 132. 

 St. Charles Towne Center 

 MD 

 Waldorf (Washington, D.C.) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1990 

 97.8% 

 980,196 

 Macy's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's, Dick Sporting Goods, AMC Theatres 

 133. 

 St. Johns Town Center 

 FL 

 Jacksonville 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 2005 

 99.5% 

 1,235,057 

 Dillard's, Target, Ashley Furniture Home Store, Barnes & Noble, Dick's Sporting Goods, Ross Dress for Less, Staples, DSW, JoAnn Fabrics, PetsMart, Nordstrom(6) 

 134. 

 Stanford Shopping Center 

 CA 

 Palo Alto (San Francisco) 

 Ground Lease (2054) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2003 

 98.0% 

 1,364,117 

 Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Macy's (2 locations), Crate and Barrel, The Container Store(6) 

 135. 

 Stoneridge Shopping Center 

 CA 

 Pleasanton (San Francisco) 

 Fee 

 49.9 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 94.6% 

 1,302,341 

 Macy's (2 locations), Nordstrom, Sears, JCPenney 

 136. 

 Summit Mall 

 OH 

 Akron 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1965 

 96.1% 

 769,087 

 Dillard's (2 locations), Macy's 

 137. 

 Sunland Park Mall 

 TX 

 El Paso 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1988 

 95.1% 

 921,538 

 Macy's, Dillard's (2 locations), Sears, Forever 21,(8) 

 138. 

 Tacoma Mall 

 WA 

 Tacoma (Seattle) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1987 

 98.1% 

 1,325,740 

 Nordstrom, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, David's Bridal, Forever 21 

 139. 

 Tippecanoe Mall 

 IN 

 Lafayette 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1973 

 96.5% 

 863,501 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods, hhgregg 

 140. 

 Town Center at Aurora 

 CO 

 Aurora (Denver) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 88.3% 

 1,082,326 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Century Theatres 

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 141. 

 Town Center at Boca Raton 

 FL 

 Boca Raton (Miami) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 99.1% 

 1,781,471 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Macy's, Sears, Crate & Barrel, The Container Store(6) 

 142. 

 Town Center at Cobb 

 GA 

 Kennesaw (Atlanta) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 95.0% 

 1,280,078 

 Belk, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Macy's Men's & Furniture 

 143. 

 Towne East Square 

 KS 

 Wichita 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1975 

 96.4% 

 1,134,368 

 Dillard's, Von Maur, JCPenney, Sears 

 144. 

 Towne West Square 

 KS 

 Wichita 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 92.5% 

 941,596 

 Dillard's (2 locations), JCPenney, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, The Movie Machine 

 145. 

 Treasure Coast Square 

 FL 

 Jensen Beach 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1987 

 92.5% 

 875,657 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, hhgregg, Regal Cinema 

 146. 

 Tyrone Square 

 FL 

 St. Petersburg (Tampa) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1972 

 96.0% 

 1,094,957 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, DSW 

 147. 

 University Park Mall 

 IN 

 Mishawaka 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1979 

 96.8% 

 922,304 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Barnes & Noble 

 148. 

 Upper Valley Mall 

 OH 

 Springfield 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1971 

 79.6% 

 739,130 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Elder-Beerman, MC Sporting Goods, Chakeres Theatres 

 149. 

 Valle Vista Mall 

 TX 

 Harlingen 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1983 

 71.7% 

 650,778 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Big Lots, Forever 21 

 150. 

 Virginia Center Commons 

 VA 

 Glen Allen 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1991 

 65.7% 

 774,489 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Burlington Coat Factory, American Family Fitness(6) 

 151. 

 Walt Whitman Shops 

 NY 

 Huntington Station (New York) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2032)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 89.8% 

 1,002,676 

 Saks Fifth Avenue, Bloomingdale's, Lord & Taylor, Macy's 

 152. 

 Washington Square 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1974 

 77.2% 

 967,702 

 Sears, Target, Dick's Sporting Goods, Burlington Coat Factory, AMC Theatres,(11) 

 153. 

 West Ridge Mall 

 KS 

 Topeka 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1988 

 88.4% 

 991,799 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Burlington Coat Factory,(8) 

 154. 

 West Town Mall 

 TN 

 Knoxville 

 Ground Lease (2042) 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1991 

 100.0% 

 1,336,412 

 Belk (2 locations), Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Regal Cinema 

 155. 

 Westchester, The 

 NY 

 White Plains (New York) 

 Fee 

 40.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 1997 

 98.1% 

 826,420 

 Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom 

 156. 

 Westminster Mall 

 CA 

 Westminster (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 85.6% 

 1,191,526 

 Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Target, DSW 

 157. 

 White Oaks Mall 

 IL 

 Springfield 

 Fee 

 80.7 

 % 

 Built 1977 

 84.3% 

 941,271 

 Macy's, Bergner's, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, hhgregg, LA Fitness(6) 

 158. 

 Wolfchase Galleria 

 TN 

 Memphis 

 Fee 

 94.5 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 96.3% 

 1,152,140 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Malco Theatres 

 159. 

 Woodfield Mall 

 IL 

 Schaumburg (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2012 

 94.9% 

 2,174,440 

 Nordstrom, Macy's, Lord & Taylor, JCPenney, Sears 

 160. 

 Woodland Hills Mall 

 OK 

 Tulsa 

 Fee 

 94.5 

 % 

 Acquired 2002 

 98.0% 

 1,090,783 

 Macy's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears 

 Total Mall GLA 

 163,649,659 

 (16) 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 Premium Outlets 

 1. 

 Albertville Premium Outlets 

 MN 

 Albertville (Minneapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 95.9% 

 429,564 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, Columbia Sportswear, Gap Outlet, Guess, Kenneth Cole, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger,
Under Armour 

 2. 

 Allen Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 Allen (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.8% 

 441,718 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Columbia Sportswear, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger 

 3. 

 Aurora Farms Premium Outlets 

 OH 

 Aurora (Cleveland) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 98.8% 

 290,520 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 4. 

 Birch Run Premium Outlets 

 MI 

 Birch Run (Detroit) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 91.6% 

 678,219 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Guess, J.Crew, Lacoste, Nike, The North Face, Polo Ralph Lauren, Puma, Tommy Hilfiger 

 5. 

 Calhoun Premium Outlets 

 GA 

 Calhoun 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 90.9% 

 254,052 

 Ann Taylor, Carter's, Coach, Gap Outlet, Gymboree, Jones New York, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger 

 6. 

 Camarillo Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Camarillo (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.6% 

 674,099 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Diesel, Forever 21, Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th,
Sony, Tommy Hilfiger, Tory Burch 

 7. 

 Carlsbad Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Carlsbad (San Diego) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 288,384 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Gap Outlet, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Polo Ralph Lauren, Salvatore Ferragamo,
Theory 

 8. 

 Carolina Premium Outlets 

 NC 

 Smithfield (Raleigh) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.5% 

 439,009 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Levi's, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Talbots, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 9. 

 Chicago Premium Outlets 

 IL 

 Aurora (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2004 

 99.4% 

 437,332 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Diesel, Elie Tahari, Gap Outlet, Giorgio Armani, J.Crew, Kate Spade New York, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Polo Ralph Lauren,
Salvatore Ferragamo, Sony, Theory 

 10. 

 Cincinnati Premium Outlets 

 OH 

 Monroe (Cincinnati) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2009 

 100.0% 

 398,869 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger, The
North Face 

 11. 

 Clinton Crossing Premium Outlets 

 CT 

 Clinton 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 276,153 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Talbots,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 12. 

 Columbia Gorge Premium Outlets 

 OR 

 Troutdale (Portland) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 93.2% 

 163,693 

 Adidas, Calvin Klein, Carter's, Coach, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, Gymboree, Levi's, Samsonite, Tommy Hilfiger 

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 13. 

 Desert Hills Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Cabazon (Palm Springs) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 98.6% 

 501,600 

 Burberry, Coach, Dior, Elie Tahari, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Prada, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Salvatore Ferragamo, Theory, Tory Burch,
True Religion, Yves Saint Laurent, Zegna 

 14. 

 Edinburgh Premium Outlets 

 IN 

 Edinburgh (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 377,802 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, Coldwater Creek, DKNY, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Levi's, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, White House Black Market 

 15. 

 Ellenton Premium Outlets 

 FL 

 Ellenton (Tampa) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 99.6% 

 476,714 

 Ann Taylor, Adidas, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, DKNY, J.Crew, Kate Spade New York, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Lucky Brand, Michael Kors, Movado, Nike, Puma, Saks Fifth
Avenue Off 5th 

 16. 

 Folsom Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Folsom (Sacramento) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 96.6% 

 298,071 

 BCBG Max Azria, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Forever 21, Gap Outlet, Guess, Kenneth Cole, Loft Outlet, Nautica, Nike, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 17. 

 Gaffney Premium Outlets 

 SC 

 Gaffney (Greenville/Charlotte) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 94.1% 

 359,734 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren 

 18. 

 Gilroy Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Gilroy (San Jose) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 98.4% 

 577,856 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Elie Tahari, Forever 21, J.Crew, Hugo Boss, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Sony,
Tommy Hilfiger, True Religion 

 19. 

 Grand Prairie Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 Grand Prairie (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2012 

 100.0% 

 417,423 

 Bloomingdale's The Outlet Store, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Hugo Boss, Kate Spade New York, J.Crew, Lucky Brand, Michael Kors, Nike, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Talbots, Tommy Hilfiger,
 Vince Camuto 

 20. 

 Grove City Premium Outlets 

 PA 

 Grove City (Pittsburgh) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 97.9% 

 531,721 

 American Eagle, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Under Armour, Vera Bradley 

 21. 

 Gulfport Premium Outlets 

 MS 

 Gulfport 

 Ground Lease (2059) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 98.4% 

 299,604 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Coach, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Jones New York, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Talbots, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 22. 

 Hagerstown Premium Outlets 

 MD 

 Hagerstown (Baltimore/Washington DC) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 98.2% 

 484,968 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Kate Spade New York, Lee Jeans, Nike, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 23. 

 Houston Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 Cypress (Houston) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2008 

 100.0% 

 541,576 

 Ann Taylor, A/X Armani Exchange, Banana Republic, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Lucky Brand, Michael Kors, Nike, Saks Fifth
Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger, Tory Burch 

 24. 

 Jackson Premium Outlets 

 NJ 

 Jackson (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.1% 

 285,673 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Lucky Brand, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger,
Under Armour 

 25. 

 Jersey Shore Premium Outlets 

 NJ 

 Tinton Falls (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2008 

 100.0% 

 434,474 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Burberry, Brooks Brothers, Coach, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Guess, J.Crew, Kate Spade New York, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Nike, Theory, Tommy Hilfiger,
True Religion, Under Armour 

 26. 

 Johnson Creek Premium Outlets 

 WI 

 Johnson Creek 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 93.6% 

 276,373 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Columbia Sportswear, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 27. 

 Kittery Premium Outlets 

 ME 

 Kittery 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2014)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.3% 

 264,951 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Chico's, Coach, Columbia Sportswear, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Movado, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Puma, Reebok, Tommy Hilfiger 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 28. 

 Las Americas Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 San Diego 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.6% 

 554,966 

 Aeropostale, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Sony, Tommy Bahama, Tommy Hilfiger,
True Religion 

 29. 

 Las Vegas Premium Outlets — North 

 NV 

 Las Vegas 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2003 

 99.8% 

 538,689 

 A/X Armani Exchange, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Burberry, Coach, David Yurman, Diesel, Dolce & Gabbana, Elie Tahari, Etro, Hugo Boss, Lacoste, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren,
Salvatore Ferragamo, St. John, TAG Heuer, Ted Baker, True Religion 

 30. 

 Las Vegas Premium Outlets — South 

 NV 

 Las Vegas 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.0% 

 535,466 

 Adidas, Aeropostale, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Bose, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, DKNY, Gap Outlet, Kenneth Cole, Levi's, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 31. 

 Lebanon Premium Outlets 

 TN 

 Lebanon (Nashville) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 94.2% 

 226,961 

 Aeropostale, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, Loft Outlet, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Samsonite, Tommy Hilfiger, Van Heusen 

 32. 

 Lee Premium Outlets 

 MA 

 Lee 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 99.8% 

 224,587 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Chico's, Coach, Cole Haan, J.Crew, Lacoste, Levi's, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Talbots, Tommy Hilfiger,
Under Armour 

 33. 

 Leesburg Corner Premium Outlets 

 VA 

 Leesburg (Washington D.C.) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.1% 

 518,003 

 Ann Taylor, Brooks Brothers, Burberry, Coach, Diesel, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Hugo Boss, Juicy Couture, Lacoste, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Restoration Hardware, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th,
Under Armour, Vera Bradley, Williams-Sonoma 

 34. 

 Liberty Village Premium Outlets 

 NJ 

 Flemington (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 77.5% 

 164,698 

 Ann Taylor, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, G.H. Bass & Co., J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger, Van Heusen,
Zales Outlet 

 35. 

 Lighthouse Place Premium Outlets 

 IN 

 Michigan City 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 98.7% 

 454,566 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Coldwater Creek, Columbia Sportswear, DKNY, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Movado, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 36. 

 Livermore Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Livermore (San Francisco) 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2021)(10) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2012 

 100.0% 

 511,811 

 Armani, Barneys New York, Bloomingdale's The Outlet Store, Coach, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Kate Spade New York, J.Crew, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, MaxMara, Michael Kors, Prada, Saks Fifth
Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger 

 37. 

 Merrimack Premium Outlets 

 NH 

 Merrimack 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2012 

 98.4% 

 409,081 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Bloomingdale's The Outlet Store, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Gap Factory Store, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth
Avenue Off 5th, Talbots, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour, White House Black Market 

 38. 

 Napa Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Napa 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 95.2% 

 179,288 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Lucky Brand, Nautica, Tommy Hilfiger 

 39. 

 North Bend Premium Outlets 

 WA 

 North Bend (Seattle) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 95.4% 

 223,561 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Carter's, Coach, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, G.H. Bass & Co., Izod, Nike, Nine West, PacSun, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour, Van Heusen,
VF Outlet 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 40. 

 North Georgia Premium Outlets 

 GA 

 Dawsonville (Atlanta) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.0% 

 540,275 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Elie Tahari, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Restoration Hardware, Saks Fifth
Avenue Off 5th, Talbots, Tommy Hilfiger, Williams-Sonoma 

 41. 

 Orlando Premium Outlets — International Dr 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 100.0% 

 773,409 

 7 For All Mankind, Adidas, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, DKNY, Escada, Forever 21, J.Crew, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Michael Kors, The North Face, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger, True Religion, Victoria's Secret 

 42. 

 Orlando Premium Outlets — Vineland Ave 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 549,651 

 Adidas, A/X Armani Exchange, Brunello Cucinelli, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Diesel, Fendi, Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Lacoste, Marni, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Roberto Cavalli, Salvatore Ferragamo, TAG Heuer, Theory, Tod's, Tory Burch, Vera Bradley 

 43. 

 Osage Beach Premium Outlets 

 MO 

 Osage Beach 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 90.9% 

 392,711 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Coldwater Creek, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, Levi's, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger 

 44. 

 Petaluma Village Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Petaluma (San Francisco) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 94.8% 

 195,738 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Gap Outlet, Nike, Puma, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Hilfiger 

 45. 

 Philadelphia Premium Outlets 

 PA 

 Limerick (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2007 

 98.9% 

 549,137 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Elie Tahari, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Restoration Hardware, Sony, Vera Bradley 

 46. 

 Pismo Beach Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Pismo Beach 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 98.2% 

 147,416 

 Aeropostale, Calvin Klein, Carter's, Coach, G.H. Bass & Co., Guess, Jones New York, Levi's, Nike, Nine West, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Van Heusen 

 47. 

 Pleasant Prairie Premium Outlets 

 WI 

 Pleasant Prairie (Chicago, IL — Milwaukee) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 97.4% 

 402,399 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Gap Outlet, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Sony, St. John,
Under Armour 

 48. 

 Puerto Rico Premium Outlets 

 PR 

 Barceloneta 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 94.8% 

 344,902 

 Adidas, American Eagle Outfitters, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Nine West, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Puma, Tommy Hilfiger 

 49. 

 Queenstown Premium Outlets 

 MD 

 Queenstown (Baltimore) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 100.0% 

 289,305 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Columbia sportswear, Gucci, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Kate Spade New York, Loft Outlet, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren,
Talbots 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 50. 

 Rio Grande Valley Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 Mercedes (McAllen) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2006 

 97.1% 

 604,105 

 Adidas, Aeropostale, American Eagle, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Gap Outlet, Guess, Hugo Boss, Loft Outlet, Nike, Polo
Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Sony, Tommy Hilfiger, True Religion, VF Outlet 

 51. 

 Round Rock Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 Round Rock (Austin) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2006 

 97.7% 

 488,660 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Theory, Tommy Hilfiger 

 52. 

 San Marcos Premium Outlets 

 TX 

 San Marcos (Austin — San Antonio) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 98.1% 

 731,134 

 Banana Republic, Cole Haan, Diane Von Furstenberg, Fendi, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Hugo Boss, J. Crew, Kate Spade, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Michael Kors, Pottery Barn, Prada,
Restoration Hardware, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Salvatore Ferragamo, Tommy Bahama, Ugg, Victoria's Secret 

 53. 

 Seattle Premium Outlets 

 WA 

 Tulalip (Seattle) 

 Ground Lease (2079) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2005 

 100.0% 

 451,073 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Elie Tahari, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Restoration Hardware, Sony, Tommy Bahama,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 54. 

 Silver Sands Premium Outlets 

 FL 

 Destin 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2012 

 93.1% 

 451,069 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, DKNY, Dooney & Bourke, J.Crew, Kenneth Cole, Michael Kors, Movado, Nautica, Nike, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 55. 

 St. Augustine Premium Outlets 

 FL 

 St. Augustine (Jacksonville) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.1% 

 328,570 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Movado, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Tommy Bahama, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour 

 56. 

 Tanger Outlets — Galveston/Houston(1) 

 TX 

 Texas City (Galveston) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 2012 

 92.7% 

 352,705 

 Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Gap Factory Store, J. Crew, Kenneth Cole, Michael Kors, Nike, Reebok, Tommy Hilfiger, White House Black Market 

 57. 

 The Crossings Premium Outlets 

 PA 

 Tannersville 

 Fee and Ground Lease (2019)(7) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.4% 

 411,216 

 American Eagle Outfitters, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Coldwater Creek, Guess, J.Crew, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger,
Under Armour 

 58. 

 Vacaville Premium Outlets 

 CA 

 Vacaville 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 437,220 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Columbia Sportswear, DKNY, Gucci, J.Crew, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Restoration Hardware, Tommy Bahama,
Tommy Hilfiger 

 59. 

 Waikele Premium Outlets 

 HI 

 Waipahu (Honolulu) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 209,732 

 A/X Armani Exchange, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, Guess, Michael Kors, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Tommy Bahama, Tommy Hilfiger, True Religion,
Zales Outlet 

 60. 

 Waterloo Premium Outlets 

 NY 

 Waterloo 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.0% 

 417,734 

 Adidas, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, Calvin Klein, Coach, Columbia Sportswear, Gap Outlet, J.Crew, Levi's, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Under Armour, VF Outlet 

 61. 

 Williamsburg Premium Outlets 

 VA 

 Williamsburg 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 97.2% 

 521,879 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Burberry, Coach, Cole Haan, Dooney & Bourke, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Juicy Couture, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Michael Kors, Nautica, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Talbots, The
North Face 

 62. 

 Woodbury Common Premium Outlets 

 NY 

 Central Valley (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 99.4% 

 847,650 

 Banana Republic, Burberry, Chloe, Coach, Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Fendi, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Lacoste, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike, Oscar de la Renta, Polo Ralph Lauren, Prada,
Reed Krakoff, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Salvatore Ferragamo, Theory, Tom Ford, Tory Burch, Valentino, Versace, Yves St. Laurent 

 63. 

 Wrentham Village Premium Outlets 

 MA 

 Wrentham (Boston) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 100.0% 

 660,096 

 Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Bloomingdale's The Outlet Store, Brooks Brothers, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Elie Tahari, Hugo Boss, J.Crew, Lacoste, Movado, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Saks
Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Salvatore Ferragamo, Sony, Williams-Sonoma, Theory, Tommy Hilfiger, Tory Burch, True Religion, Under Armour 

 Total U.S. Premium Outlets GLA 

 26,539,615 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 Community/Lifestyle Centers 

 1. 

 ABQ Uptown 

 NM 

 Albuquerque 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2011 

 99.5% 

 230,129 

 2. 

 Arboretum 

 TX 

 Austin 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 96.2% 

 198,287 

 Barnes & Noble, Pottery Barn 

 3. 

 Arundel Mills Marketplace 

 MD 

 Hanover (Baltimore) 

 Fee 

 59.3 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 100.0% 

 101,535 

 Michaels, Staples, PetSmart, hhgregg 

 4. 

 Bloomingdale Court 

 IL 

 Bloomingdale (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1987 

 98.0% 

 616,613 

 Best Buy, T.J. Maxx N More, Office Max, Walmart Supercenter, Dick's Sporting Goods, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Picture Show, Ross Dress for Less, hhgregg 

 5. 

 Charles Towne Square 

 SC 

 Charleston 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1976 

 100.0% 

 71,794 

 Regal Cinema 

 6. 

 Chesapeake Center 

 VA 

 Chesapeake (Virginia Beach) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1989 

 96.1% 

 305,935 

 Kmart, Petsmart, Michaels, Value City Furniture 

 7. 

 Clay Terrace 

 IN 

 Carmel (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 2004 

 97.8% 

 576,795 

 Dick's Sporting Goods, Whole Foods, DSW, Snapperz 

 8. 

 Cobblestone Court 

 NY 

 Victor 

 Fee 

 35.7 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1993 

 99.4% 

 265,470 

 Dick's Sporting Goods, Kmart, Office Max 

 9. 

 Concord Mills Marketplace 

 NC 

 Concord (Charlotte) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 100.0% 

 230,683 

 BJ's Wholesale Club, Garden Ridge, REC Warehouse 

 10. 

 Countryside Plaza 

 IL 

 Countryside (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1977 

 98.3% 

 403,756 

 Best Buy, The Home Depot, PetsMart, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Office Depot, Value City Furniture, The Tile Shop 

 11. 

 Crystal Court 

 IL 

 Crystal Lake (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 37.9 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1989 

 80.2% 

 285,398 

 Big Lots 

 12. 

 Dare Centre 

 NC 

 Kill Devil Hills 

 Ground Lease (2058) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 96.1% 

 168,674 

 Belk, Food Lion 

 13. 

 DeKalb Plaza 

 PA 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 84.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2003 

 85.9% 

 102,032 

 ACME Grocery,(8) 

 14. 

 Denver West Village 

 CO 

 Lakewood (Denver) 

 Fee 

 37.5 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.0% 

 310,709 

 Barnes & Noble, Bed Bath & Beyond, Office Max, Whole Foods, DSW, Christy Sports, United Artists, Cost Plus World Market(6), Marshalls(6) 

 15. 

 Empire East 

 SD 

 Sioux Falls 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 100.0% 

 287,552 

 Kohl's, Target, Bed Bath & Beyond 

 16. 

 Fairfax Court 

 VA 

 Fairfax (Washington, D.C.) 

 Fee 

 41.3 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1992 

 100.0% 

 249,488 

 Burlington Coat Factory, Offenbacher's, XSport Fitness 

 17. 

 Forest Plaza 

 IL 

 Rockford 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1985 

 100.0% 

 428,044 

 Kohl's, Marshalls, Michaels, Factory Card Outlet, Office Max, Bed Bath & Beyond, Petco, Babies 'R Us, Toys 'R Us, Big Lots 

 18. 

 Gaitway Plaza 

 FL 

 Ocala 

 Fee 

 32.2 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1989 

 99.1% 

 208,755 

 Books-A-Million, Office Depot, T.J. Maxx, Ross Dress for Less, Bed Bath & Beyond 

 19. 

 Gateway Centers 

 TX 

 Austin 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 74.7% 

 511,706 

 Best Buy, REI, Whole Foods, Crate & Barrel, The Container Store, Regal Cinema, Nordstrom Rack,(8) 

 20. 

 Great Lakes Plaza 

 OH 

 Mentor (Cleveland) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1976 

 100.0% 

 164,369 

 Michaels, Best Buy, hhgregg 

 21. 

 Greenwood Plus 

 IN 

 Greenwood (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1979 

 100.0% 

 155,319 

 Best Buy, Kohl's 

 26 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 22. 

 Hamilton Town Center 

 IN 

 Noblesville (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 2008 

 95.8% 

 666,379 

 JCPenney, Dick's Sporting Goods, Stein Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, DSW, Hamilton 16 IMAX, Earth Fare 

 23. 

 Henderson Square 

 PA 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 75.9 

 %(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 96.5% 

 107,371 

 Genuardi's Family Market, Avalon Carpet & Tile 

 24. 

 Highland Lakes Center 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1991 

 80.1% 

 488,850 

 Marshalls, American Signature Furniture, Ross Dress for Less, Burlington Coat Factory,(8) 

 25. 

 Indian River Commons 

 FL 

 Vero Beach 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Built 1997 

 100.0% 

 255,942 

 Lowe's Home Improvement, Best Buy, Ross Dress for Less, Bed Bath & Beyond, Michaels 

 26. 

 Keystone Shoppes 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1997 

 82.1% 

 29,140 

 27. 

 Lake Plaza 

 IL 

 Waukegan (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1986 

 100.0% 

 215,568 

 Home Owners Bargain Outlet 

 28. 

 Lake View Plaza 

 IL 

 Orland Park (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1986 

 92.3% 

 367,449 

 Best Buy, Petco, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Golf Galaxy, Value City Furniture, Tuesday Morning, Great Escape,(8) 

 29. 

 Lakeline Plaza 

 TX 

 Cedar Park (Austin) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1998 

 100.0% 

 387,381 

 T.J. Maxx, Best Buy, Ross Dress for Less, Office Max, PetsMart, Party City, Hancock Fabrics, Rooms to Go, Rooms to Go Kids, Bed Bath & Beyond,(11) 

 30. 

 Lima Center 

 OH 

 Lima 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1978 

 95.4% 

 233,878 

 Kohl's, Hobby Lobby, T.J. Maxx, Jo-Ann Fabrics 

 31. 

 Lincoln Crossing 

 IL 

 O'Fallon (St. Louis) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1990 

 90.5% 

 243,326 

 Walmart, PetsMart, The Home Depot 

 32. 

 Lincoln Plaza 

 PA 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia) 

 Fee 

 64.9 

 %(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 99.2% 

 267,885 

 AC Moore, Michaels, T.J. Maxx, Home Goods, hhgregg, American Signature Furniture, DSW,(8) 

 33. 

 MacGregor Village 

 NC 

 Cary 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 55.7% 

 144,197 

 34. 

 Mall of Georgia Crossing 

 GA 

 Buford (Atlanta) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1999 

 99.1% 

 440,670 

 Best Buy, American Signature Furniture, T.J. Maxx 'n More, Nordstrom Rack, Staples, Target 

 35. 

 Markland Plaza 

 IN 

 Kokomo 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1974 

 91.6% 

 90,527 

 Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond 

 36. 

 Martinsville Plaza 

 VA 

 Martinsville 

 Ground Lease (2046) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1967 

 97.1% 

 102,105 

 Rose's, Food Lion 

 37. 

 Matteson Plaza 

 IL 

 Matteson (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1988 

 98.5% 

 270,892 

 Dominick's, Shoppers World 

 38. 

 Muncie Towne Plaza 

 IN 

 Muncie 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1998 

 100.0% 

 172,617 

 Kohl's, Target, Shoe Carnival, T.J. Maxx, MC Sporting Goods, Kerasotes Theatres,(8) 

 39. 

 Naples Outlet Center 

 FL 

 Naples 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2010 

 67.0% 

 146,048 

 Ann Taylor, Bass, Coach, Jones New York, L'eggs/Hanes/Bali/Playtex, Loft Outlet, Samsonite, Van Heusen 

 40. 

 New Castle Plaza 

 IN 

 New Castle 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1966 

 100.0% 

 91,648 

 Goody's, Ace Hardware, Aaron's Rents, Dollar Tree 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 41. 

 North Ridge Plaza 

 IL 

 Joliet (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1985 

 98.0% 

 305,701 

 Hobby Lobby, Office Max, Burlington Coat Factory, Ultra Foods Grocery, Marshalls 

 42. 

 North Ridge Shopping Center 

 NC 

 Raleigh 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2004 

 98.1% 

 169,809 

 Ace Hardware, Kerr Drugs, Harris-Teeter Grocery 

 43. 

 Northwood Plaza 

 IN 

 Fort Wayne 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1974 

 87.2% 

 208,076 

 Target,(8) 

 44. 

 Palms Crossing 

 TX 

 McAllen 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2007 

 100.0% 

 392,293 

 Bealls, DSW, Barnes & Noble, Babies 'R Us, Sports Authority, Guitar Center, Cavendar's Boot City, Best Buy, Hobby Lobby 

 45. 

 Pier Park 

 FL 

 Panama City Beach 

 Fee 

 65.6 

 %(4) 

 Built 2008 

 98.5% 

 842,216 

 Dillard's, JCPenney, Target, Grand Theatres, Ron Jon Surf Shop, Margaritaville, Marshalls, Forever 21 

 46. 

 Plaza at Buckland Hills, The 

 CT 

 Manchester 

 Fee 

 41.3 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1993 

 93.3% 

 329,976 

 Jo-Ann Fabrics, iParty, Toys 'R Us, Michaels, PetsMart, Big Lots, Eastern Mountain Sports 

 47. 

 Regency Plaza 

 MO 

 St. Charles (St. Louis) 

 — 

 100.0 

 %(17) 

 Built 1988 

 100.0% 

 287,473 

 48. 

 Richardson Square 

 TX 

 Richardson (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2008 

 100.0% 

 517,265 

 Lowe's Home Improvement, Ross Dress for Less, Sears, Super Target, Anna's Linens 

 49. 

 Ridgewood Court 

 MS 

 Jackson 

 Fee 

 35.7 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1993 

 96.0% 

 369,473 

 T.J. Maxx, Sam's Wholesale Club, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Ross Dress for Less, Marshalls 

 50. 

 Rockaway Commons 

 NJ 

 Rockaway (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 48.3% 

 149,940 

 Best Buy,(8) 

 51. 

 Rockaway Town Plaza 

 NJ 

 Rockaway (New York) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 1998 

 100.0% 

 459,301 

 Target, PetsMart, Dick's Sporting Goods, AMC Theatres 

 52. 

 Royal Eagle Plaza 

 FL 

 Coral Springs (Miami) 

 Fee 

 42.0 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1989 

 79.7% 

 202,996 

 Sports Authority,(8) 

 53. 

 Shops at Arbor Walk, The 

 TX 

 Austin 

 Ground Lease (2056) 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2006 

 99.4% 

 458,470 

 The Home Depot, Marshalls, DSW, Vitamin Cottage Natural Grocer, Spec's Wine, Spirits and Fine Foods, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Sam Moon Trading Co., Casual Male DXL 

 54. 

 Shops at North East Mall, The 

 TX 

 Hurst (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1999 

 100.0% 

 365,008 

 Michaels, PetsMart, T.J. Maxx, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Barnes & Noble, DSW 

 55. 

 St. Charles Towne Plaza 

 MD 

 Waldorf (Washington, D.C.) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1987 

 76.3% 

 393,808 

 K & G Menswear, Shoppers Food Warehouse, Dollar Tree, Value City Furniture, Big Lots, Citi Trends,(8) 

 56. 

 Terrace at the Florida Mall 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1989 

 77.6% 

 346,692 

 Marshalls, American Signature Furniture, Global Import, Target, Bed Bath & Beyond,(8) 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 57. 

 Tippecanoe Plaza 

 IN 

 Lafayette 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1974 

 100.0% 

 90,522 

 Best Buy, Barnes & Noble 

 58. 

 University Center 

 IN 

 Mishawaka 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1980 

 88.1% 

 150,524 

 Michaels, Best Buy, Ross Dress for Less(6) 

 59. 

 Village Park Plaza 

 IN 

 Carmel (Indianapolis) 

 Fee 

 35.7 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1990 

 100.0% 

 575,578 

 Bed Bath & Beyond, Kohl's, Walmart Supercenter, Marsh, Menards, Regal Cinema, Hobby Lobby 

 60. 

 Washington Plaza 

 IN 

 Indianapolis 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1976 

 96.4% 

 50,107 

 Jo-Ann Fabrics 

 61. 

 Waterford Lakes Town Center 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1999 

 99.0% 

 949,984 

 Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx, Bed Bath & Beyond, Barnes & Noble, Best Buy, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Office Max, PetsMart, Target, Ashley Furniture Home Store, L.A. Fitness,
Regal Cinema 

 62. 

 West Ridge Plaza 

 KS 

 Topeka 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1988 

 100.0% 

 254,480 

 T.J. Maxx, Toys 'R Us/Babies 'R Us, Target 

 63. 

 West Town Corners 

 FL 

 Altamonte Springs (Orlando) 

 Fee 

 32.2 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1989 

 93.9% 

 385,352 

 Sports Authority, PetsMart, Winn-Dixie Marketplace, American Signature Furniture, Walmart, Lowe's Home Improvement 

 64. 

 Westland Park Plaza 

 FL 

 Orange Park (Jacksonville) 

 Fee 

 32.2 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1989 

 98.8% 

 163,254 

 Burlington Coat Factory, LA Fitness, USA Discounters,(8) 

 65. 

 White Oaks Plaza 

 IL 

 Springfield 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 1986 

 97.2% 

 387,911 

 T.J. Maxx, Office Max, Kohl's, Toys 'R Us/Babies 'R Us, Country Market 

 66. 

 Whitehall Mall 

 PA 

 Whitehall 

 Fee 

 38.0 

 %(4)(15) 

 Acquired 2003 

 94.9% 

 605,814 

 Sears, Kohl's, Bed Bath & Beyond, Gold's Gym, Buy Buy Baby, Raymour & Flanigan Furniture, Michaels 

 67. 

 Willow Knolls Court 

 IL 

 Peoria 

 Fee 

 35.7 

 %(4)(13) 

 Built 1990 

 97.2% 

 382,375 

 Burlington Coat Factory, Kohl's, Sam's Wholesale Club, Willow Knolls 14, Office Max 

 68. 

 Wolf Ranch 

 TX 

 Georgetown (Austin) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Built 2005 

 99.5% 

 626,168 

 Kohl's, Target, Michaels, Best Buy, Office Depot, PetsMart, T.J. Maxx, DSW, Ross Dress for Less 

 Total Community/Lifestyle Center GLA 

 21,015,482 

 (18) 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 Mills Properties 

 The Mills® 

 1. 

 Arizona Mills 

 AZ 

 Tempe (Phoenix) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 98.2% 

 1,240,153 

 Marshalls, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Burlington Coat Factory, Sears Appliance Outlet, Gameworks, Sports Authority, Ross Dress for Less, JCPenney Outlet, Group USA, Harkins
Cinemas & IMAX, Sea Life Center, Conn's(6) 

 2. 

 Arundel Mills 

 MD 

 Hanover (Baltimore) 

 Fee 

 59.3 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.9% 

 1,560,309 

 Bass Pro Shops, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Books-A-Million, Burlington Coat Factory, The Children's Place, Dave & Buster's, F.Y.E., H&M, Medieval Times, Modell's, Last Call by Neiman Marcus,
Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse, T.J. Maxx, Cinemark Egyptian 24 Theatres, Maryland Live! Casino 

 3. 

 Colorado Mills 

 CO 

 Lakewood (Denver) 

 Fee 

 37.5 

 %(4)(2) 

 Acquired 2007 

 91.6% 

 1,097,411 

 Eddie Bauer Outlet, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Sports Authority, Super Target, United Artists Theatre, Burlington Coat
Factory 

 4. 

 Concord Mills 

 NC 

 Concord (Charlotte) 

 Fee 

 59.3 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.9% 

 1,333,858 

 Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World, Books-A-Million, Burlington Coat Factory, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, The Children's Place Outlet, Dave & Buster's, Nike Factory Store, T.J. Maxx, Group USA,
Sun & Ski, VF Outlet, Off Broadway Shoes, Bed Bath & Beyond, NASCAR Speedpark, AMC Theatres, Best Buy, Forever 21 

 5. 

 Grapevine Mills 

 TX 

 Grapevine (Dallas) 

 Fee 

 59.3 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 98.4% 

 1,777,175 

 Bed Bath & Beyond, Burlington Coat Factory, The Children's Place, Group USA, JCPenney Outlet, Marshalls, Nike Factory Store, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, AMC Theatres, Dr. Pepper Star
Center, Sun & Ski Sports, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Sears Appliance Outlet, Bass Pro Outdoor World, Off Broadway Shoes, VF Outlet, Legoland Discovery Center, Sea Life Center, Ross Dress for Less, H&M 

 6. 

 Great Mall 

 CA 

 Milpitas (San Jose) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 97.4% 

 1,361,236 

 Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Sports Authority, Group USA, Kohl's, Dave & Busters, Sears Appliance Outlet, Burlington Coat Factory, Marshalls, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Nike Factory Store,
Century Theatres, Bed Bath & Beyond, Off Broadway Shoes 

 7. 

 Gurnee Mills 

 IL 

 Gurnee (Chicago) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 97.5% 

 1,782,245 

 Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World, Bed Bath & Beyond/Buy Buy Baby, Burlington Coat Factory, Kohl's, Marshalls Home Goods, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Rinkside, Sears Grand, Sports Authority,
T.J. Maxx, VF Outlet, Marcus Cinemas, Last Call by NeimanMarcus, Value City Furniture, Shoppers World, Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse, Macy's(6) 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 8. 

 Katy Mills 

 TX 

 Katy (Houston) 

 Fee 

 62.5 

 %(4)(2) 

 Acquired 2007 

 94.9% 

 1,559,488 

 Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World, Bed Bath and Beyond, Books-A-Million, Burlington Coat Factory, Marshalls, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike Factory Store, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Sun &
Ski Sports, AMC Theatres, Off Broadway Shoes, Tilt 

 9. 

 Ontario Mills 

 CA 

 Ontario (Riverside) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.7% 

 1,472,739 

 Burlington Coat Factory, Nike Factory Store, Gameworks, The Children's Place Outlet, Marshalls, JCPenney Outlet, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Bed Bath & Beyond, Nordstrom Rack, Dave &
Busters, Group USA, Sam Ash Music, Off Broadway Shoes, AMC Theatres, Sports Authority, Forever 21, Last Call by Neiman Marcus 

 10. 

 Opry Mills 

 TN 

 Nashville 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 94.0% 

 1,153,230 

 Regal Cinema & IMAX, Dave & Busters, VF Outlet, Sun & Ski, Bass Pro Shops, Forever 21, Bed Bath & Beyond, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Off Broadway
Shoes 

 11. 

 Outlets at Orange, The 

 CA 

 Orange (Los Angeles) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 %(4) 

 Acquired 2007 

 99.4% 

 757,052 

 Dave & Buster's, Vans Skatepark, Lucky Strike Lanes, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, AMC Theatres, Nike Factory Store, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Off Broadway Shoes, Nordstrom Rack,
 Sports Authority, H&M, Forever 21 

 12. 

 Potomac Mills 

 VA 

 Woodbridge (Washington, D.C.) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 93.0% 

 1,498,007 

 Group USA, Marshalls, T.J. Maxx, Sears Appliance Outlet, JCPenney, Burlington Coat Factory, Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse, Nordstrom Rack, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th Outlet, Costco Warehouse, The
Children's Place, AMC Theatres, Modell's Sporting Goods, Books-A-Million, H&M, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, XXI Forever, Bloomingdale's Outlet, Buy Buy Baby(6), Christmas Tree Shops(6) 

 13. 

 Sawgrass Mills 

 FL 

 Sunrise (Miami) 

 Fee 

 100.0 

 % 

 Acquired 2007 

 98.1% 

 2,220,162 

 American Signature Home, Beall's Outlet, Bed Bath & Beyond, Brandsmart USA, Burlington Coat Factory, Gameworks, JCPenney Outlet Store, Marshalls, Last Call by Neiman Marcus, Nike Factory Store,
Nordstrom Rack, Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th, Ron Jon Surf Shop, Sports Authority, Super Target, T.J. Maxx, VF Factory Outlet, F.Y.E., Off Broadway Shoes, Regal Cinema, Bloomingdale's Outlet,
Forever 21 

 Total Mills Properties 

 18,813,065 

 31 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Property Table 

 U.S. Properties 

 Property Name

 State 

 City (CBSA) 

 Ownership Interest

(Expiration if

Lease)(3) 

 Legal Ownership 

 Year Built

or

Acquired 

 Occupancy(5) 

 Total GLA 

 Retail Anchors and Selected Major Tenants 

 Other Properties 

 1. 

 Factory Stores of America — Lebanon 

 MO 

 Lebanon 

 Fee 

 100.0% 

 Acquired 2004 

 86.1% 

 85,948 

 Dressbarn, Factory Brand Shoes, Van Heusen, VF Outlet 

 2. 

 Florida Keys Outlet Center 

 FL 

 Florida City 

 Fee 

 100.0% 

 Acquired 2010 

 80.6% 

 207,317 

 Aeropostale, Carter's, Coach, Gap Outlet, Guess, Nike, Nine West, OshKosh B'gosh, Skechers, Tommy Hilfiger 

 3. 

 Huntley Outlet Center 

 IL 

 Huntley 

 Fee 

 100.0% 

 Acquired 2010 

 61.4% 

 278,795 

 Aeropostale, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Bose, Calvin Klein, Carter's, Eddie Bauer, Gap Outlet, Guess, Reebok, Tommy Hilfiger, Van Heusen 

 4. 

 Outlet Marketplace 

 FL 

 Orlando 

 Fee 

 100.0% 

 Acquired 2010 

 70.5% 

 204,939 

 Calvin Klein, Coldwater Creek, Nine West, Reebok, Skechers, Van Heusen, Wilsons Leather 

 5. 

 The Shoppes at Branson Meadows 

 MO 

 Branson 

 Fee 

 100.0% 

 Acquired 2004 

 70.7% 

 284,564 

 Branson Meadows Cinemas, Dressbarn, VF Outlet 

 6 - 13. 

 The Mills Limited Partnership (TMLP) 

 Acquired 2007 

 8,101,172 

 (19) 

 Total Other GLA 

 9,162,735 

 Total U.S. Properties GLA 

 239,180,556 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 FOOTNOTES: 

 (1) This
property is managed by a third party.

 (2) Our
direct and indirect interests in some of the properties held as joint venture interests are subject to preferences on distributions in favor of other
partners or us.

 (3) The
date listed is the expiration date of the last renewal option available to the operating entity under the ground lease. In a majority of the ground
leases, we have a right to purchase the lessor's interest under an option, right of first refusal or other provision. Unless otherwise indicated, each ground lease listed in this column covers at
least 50% of its respective property.

 (4) Joint
venture properties accounted for under the equity method.

 (5) Malls —
Executed leases for all company-owned GLA in mall stores, excluding majors and anchors. Premium Outlets Community/Lifestyle
Centers and The Mills — Executed leases for all company-owned GLA (or total center GLA).

 (6) Indicates
anchor or major that is currently under development.

 (7) Indicates
ground lease covers less than 50% of the acreage of this property.

 (8) Indicates
vacant anchor space(s).

 (9) The
lease at the Mall at Chestnut Hill includes the entire premises including land and building.

 (10) Indicates
ground lease covers outparcel only.

 (11) Indicates
vacant anchor owned by another company, but we still collect rent and/or fees under an agreement.

 (12) We
receive substantially all the economic benefit of the property due to a preference or advance.

 (13) Outside
partner receives substantially all of the economic benefit due to a partner preference.

 (14) We
own a mortgage note that encumbers Pheasant Lane Mall that entitles us to 100% of the economics of this property.

 (15) Our
indirect ownership interest is through an approximately 76% ownership interest in Kravco Simon Investments.

 (16) Mall &
Freestanding GLA includes office space. Centers with more than 20,000 square feet of office space are listed below: 

 Arsenal Mall — 52,847 sq. ft. 

 Greendale Mall — 119,860 sq. ft. 

 Circle Centre — 25,192 sq. ft. 

 Menlo Park Mall — 52,576 sq. ft. 

 Copley Place — 867,301 sq. ft. 

 Oak Court Mall — 126,775 sq. ft. 

 Del Amo Fashion Center — 56,798 sq. ft. 

 Oxford Valley Mall — 110,902 sq. ft. 

 Domain, The — 135,589 sq. ft. 

 Plaza Carolina — 27,343 sq. ft. 

 Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, The — 169,089 sq. ft. 

 Southdale Center — 20,295 sq. ft. 

 Firewheel Town Center — 75,132 sq. ft. 

 (17) Our
interest in the property was sold effective January 3, 2013.

 (18) Includes
office space at Clay Terrace of 75,118 sq. ft.

 (19) TMLP
properties include Franklin Mills, The Esplanade, The Galleria at White Plains, Hilltop Mall, Liberty Plaza, Marley Station, Northpark Mall and
Sugarloaf Mills. 
 33 

 Table of Contents 

 United States Lease Expirations 

 The following table summarizes lease expiration data for our malls and Premium Outlets located in the United States, including Puerto
Rico, as of December 31, 2012. The data presented does not consider the impact of renewal options that may be contained in leases. 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 U.S. Lease Expirations
 Malls and Premium Outlets
 As of December 31, 2012 

 Year

 Number of

Leases Expiring 

 Square Feet 

 Avg. Base

Minimum Rent per

Square Foot at

12/31/12 

 Percentage of Gross

Annual Rental

Revenues (1) 

 Inline Stores and Freestanding 

 Month to Month Leases 

619 

1,701,002 

$ 

36.97 

1.3 

% 

 2013 

 2,800 

 8,213,014 

 $ 

 38.48 

 6.5 

 % 

 2014 

 2,702 

 8,987,080 

 $ 

 37.59 

 7.2 

 % 

 2015 

 2,740 

 9,037,784 

 $ 

 39.50 

 7.6 

 % 

 2016 

 2,518 

 8,679,170 

 $ 

 38.77 

 7.1 

 % 

 2017 

 2,515 

 9,021,336 

 $ 

 41.26 

 8.0 

 % 

 2018 

 1,924 

 7,649,392 

 $ 

 45.41 

 7.4 

 % 

 2019 

 1,485 

 5,614,990 

 $ 

 46.50 

 5.7 

 % 

 2020 

 1,196 

 4,341,991 

 $ 

 48.19 

 4.5 

 % 

 2021 

 1,282 

 5,195,275 

 $ 

 44.63 

 5.0 

 % 

 2022 

 1,517 

 5,838,628 

 $ 

 44.30 

 5.6 

 % 

 2023 and Thereafter 

 822 

 4,612,654 

 $ 

 36.67 

 3.8 

 % 

 Specialty Leasing Agreements w/ terms in excess of 12 months 

 1,523 

 3,531,265 

 $ 

 14.83 

 1.2 

 % 

 Anchor Tenants 

 2013 

7 

628,766 

$ 

3.35 

0.0 

% 

 2014 

 33 

 3,338,999 

 $ 

 5.33 

 0.4 

 % 

 2015 

 29 

 3,248,369 

 $ 

 3.11 

 0.2 

 % 

 2016 

 24 

 2,909,937 

 $ 

 3.15 

 0.2 

 % 

 2017 

 22 

 2,969,087 

 $ 

 2.60 

 0.2 

 % 

 2018 

 23 

 2,721,023 

 $ 

 4.84 

 0.3 

 % 

 2019 

 11 

 1,305,863 

 $ 

 4.58 

 0.1 

 % 

 2020 

 15 

 1,370,682 

 $ 

 6.68 

 0.2 

 % 

 2021 

 12 

 1,055,228 

 $ 

 7.36 

 0.1 

 % 

 2022 

 8 

 913,014 

 $ 

 9.91 

 0.2 

 % 

 2023 and Thereafter 

 39 

 4,358,089 

 $ 

 7.08 

 0.7 

 % 

 (1) Annual
rental revenues represent 2012 consolidated and joint venture combined base rental revenue. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

 International Properties 

 Our ownership interests in properties outside the United States are primarily owned through joint venture arrangements. 

 European Investments 

 On March 14, 2012, we acquired a 28.7% interest in Klépierre for approximately $2.0 billion. At December 31, 2012 we
owned 57,634,148 shares, or approximately 28.9%, of Klépierre, which had a quoted market price of $39.67 per share. Klépierre is a publicly traded, Paris-based real
estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, more than 260 shopping centers located in 13 countries in Europe. 

 We
own a 13.3% interest in Value Retail PLC, which owns and operates nine luxury outlets throughout Europe. We also have a minority direct ownership in three of those outlets. 

 Other International Investments 

 We also hold a 40% interest in eight operating real estate joint venture properties in Japan, a 50% interest in two operating joint
venture properties in South Korea, a 50% interest in one operating joint venture property in Mexico, and a 50% interest in one operating joint venture property in Malaysia. The eight Japanese Premium
Outlets operate in various cities throughout Japan and comprise over 2.8 million square feet of GLA. These properties were 99.5% leased as of December 31, 2012. 

 The
following property table summarizes certain data for our properties located in Japan, South Korea, Mexico, and Malaysia at December 31, 2012. 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

International Properties 

 COUNTRY/Property Name 

 City (Metropolitan area) 

 Ownership

Interest 

 SPG

Effective

Ownership 

 Year

Built 

 Total Gross

Leasable Area(1) 

 Retail Anchors and

Major Tenants 

 JAPAN 

 1. 

 Ami Premium Outlets 

 Ami (Tokyo) 

 Fee 

 40.0 

 % 

 2009 

 315,000 

 Adidas, Banana Republic, BCBG Max Azria, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, Diesel, Gap Outlet, Laundry, McGregor, MK Michel Klein, Tommy, Hilfiger, Ralph Lauren 

 2. 

 Gotemba Premium Outlets 

 Gotemba City (Tokyo) 

 Fee 

 40.0 

 % 

 2000 

 481,500 

 Armani, Balenciaga, Bally, Beams, Bottega Veneta, Burberry, Coach, Diesel, Dolce & Gabbana, Dunhill, Gap Outlet, Gucci, Jill Stuart, Loro Piana, Miu Miu, Moschino, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Prada, Salvatore
Ferragamo, Tod's 

 3. 

 Kobe-Sanda Premium Outlets 

 Hyougo-ken (Osaka) 

 Ground Lease (2026) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2007 

 441,000 

 Adidas, Armani, Bally, Banana Republic, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, Diesel, Etro, Gap Outlet, Gucci, Harrod's, Helmut Lang, Hugo Boss, Loro Piana, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Salvatore Ferragamo, Theory, Tommy
Hilfiger, Valentino 

 4. 

 Rinku Premium Outlets 

 Izumisano (Osaka) 

 Ground Lease (2020) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2000 

 419,000 

 Adidas, Armani, Bally, BCBG Max Azria, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, Diesel, Dolce & Gabbana, Dunhill, Eddie Bauer, Etro, Furla, Gap Outlet, Hugo Boss, Kate Spade, Lacoste, Lanvin Collection, Nike,
Polo Ralph Lauren 

 5. 

 Sano Premium Outlets 

 Sano (Tokyo) 

 Ground Lease (2022) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2003 

 390,800 

 Adidas, Armani, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cynthia Rowley, Diesel, Dunhill, Eddie Bauer, Escada, Etro, Furla, Gap Outlet, Gucci, Harrod's, Kate Spade, Lanvin Collection, Miu Miu, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren 

 6. 

 Sendai-Izumi Premium Outlets 

 Izumi Park Town (Sendai) 

 Ground Lease (2027) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2008 

 164,200 

 Adidas, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Jill Stuart, Laundry, Levi's, Pleats Please Issey Miyake, Ray-Ban, Tasaki, Taylor Made 

 7. 

 Toki Premium Outlets 

 Toki (Nagoya) 

 Ground Lease (2024) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2005 

 289,500 

 Adidas, BCBG Max Azria, Beams, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Diesel, Eddie Bauer, Furla, Gap Outlet, Laundry, MK Michel Klein, Nike, Olive des Olive, Polo Ralph Lauren, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger 

 8. 

 Tosu Premium Outlets 

 Fukuoka (Kyushu) 

 Ground Lease (2023) 

 40.0 

 % 

 2004 

 290,600 

 Adidas, Armani, BCBG Max Azria, Beams, Bose, Brooks Brothers, Coach, Cole Haan, Courreges, Dolce & Gabbana, Furla, Gap Outlet, Miki House, Nike, Quiksilver, Reebok, Theory, Tommy Hilfiger 

 Subtotal Japan 

 2,791,600 

 36 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

International Properties 

 COUNTRY/Property Name 

 City (Metropolitan area) 

 Ownership

Interest 

 SPG

Effective

Ownership 

 Year

Built 

 Total Gross

Leasable Area(1) 

 Retail Anchors and

Major Tenants 

 MEXICO 

 9. 

 Punta Norte Premium Outlets 

 Mexico City 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 % 

 2004 

 278,000 

 Adidas, Calvin Klein, CH Carolina Herrera, Coach, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Levi's, MaxMara, Nautica, Nike, Palacio Outlet, Reebok, Rockport, Salvatore Ferragamo, Swarovski, Zegna 

 Subtotal Mexico 

 278,000 

 SOUTH KOREA 

 10. 

 Yeoju Premium Outlets 

 Yeoju (Seoul) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 % 

 2007 

 276,200 

 Adidas, Giorgio Armani, Bally, Burberry, Chloe, Coach, Diesel, Dolce & Gabbana, Escada, Fendi, Furla, Gucci, Lacoste, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Salvatore Ferragamo, Theory, Tod's,
Valentino, Vivienne Westwood 

 11. 

 Paju Premium Outlets 

 Paju (Seoul) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 % 

 2011 

 339,400 

 Armani, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Coach, DKNY, Elie Tabari, Escada, Jill Stuart, Lacoste, Lanvin Collection, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Nike, Polo Ralph Lauren, Theory, Tory Burch, Vivienne Westwood 

 Subtotal South Korea 

 615,600 

 MALAYSIA 

 12. 

 Johor Premium Outlets 

 Johor (Singapore) 

 Fee 

 50.0 

 % 

 2011 

 190,400 

 Adidas, Armani, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Canali, Coach, DKNY, Gap, Guess, Lacoste, Levi's, Michael Kors, Nike, Salvatore Ferragamo, Timberland, Zegna 

 Subtotal Malaysia 

 190,400 

 TOTAL INTERNATIONAL ASSETS 

 3,875,600 

 FOOTNOTES: 

 (1) All
gross leasable area listed in square feet. 

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 Land 

 We have direct or indirect ownership interests in approximately 425 acres of land held in the United States for future development. 

 Sustainability and Energy Efficiency 

 We focus on energy efficiency as a core sustainability strategy. Through the continued use of energy conservation practices, energy
efficiency projects, and continuous monitoring and reporting, we have reduced our energy consumption at comparable properties every year since 2003. As a result, excluding new developments and
expansions, we reduced the electricity usage over which we have direct control by 374 million kWhs since 2003. This represents a 29% reduction in electricity usage across a portfolio of comparable
properties
and reflects an annual value of over $36 million in avoided operating costs. Our documented reduction in greenhouse gas emissions resulting from our energy management efforts is 229,000 metric tons of
CO2e. 

 In
2012, we were awarded NAREIT's Leader in the Light Award for our energy conservation efforts for the eighth straight year. We are the
only company to have achieved the Leader in the Light distinction every single year since NAREIT launched the program in 2005. We were included in the 2012 Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index published
by the Carbon Disclosure Project and were the only REIT to earn a place on this index for the second straight year. 

 Mortgage Financing on Properties 

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the mortgages and other indebtedness encumbering our properties, and the
properties held by our domestic and international joint venture arrangements, and also our unsecured corporate debt. Substantially all of the mortgage and property related debt is nonrecourse to us. 

 38 

 MORTGAGE AND OTHER DEBT ON PORTFOLIO PROPERTIES
 As of December 31, 2012
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Interest

Rate 

 Face

Amount 

 Annual

Debt Service (1) 

 Maturity

Date 

 Consolidated Indebtedness: 

 Secured Indebtedness: 

 Anderson Mall 

 4.61 

 % 

 $ 

 20,849 

 $ 

 1,408 

 12/01/22 

 Arsenal Mall HCHP 

 8.20 

 % 

 560 

 202 

 05/05/16 

 Bangor Mall 

 6.15 

 % 

 80,000 

 4,918 

 (2) 

 10/01/17 

 Battlefield Mall 

 3.95 

 % 

 125,000 

 4,938 

 (2) 

 09/01/22 

 Birch Run Premium Outlets 

 5.95 

 % 

 105,967 

 (10) 

 8,078 

 04/11/16 

 Bloomingdale Court 

 8.15 

 % 

 25,562 

 2,495 

 11/01/15 

 Brunswick Square 

 5.65 

 % 

 78,189 

 5,957 

 08/11/14 

 Calhoun Premium Outlets 

 5.79 

 % 

 20,368 

 (22) 

 1,519 

 09/01/16 

 Carolina Premium Outlets 

 3.36 

 % 

 50,423 

 2,675 

 12/01/22 

 Chesapeake Square 

 5.84 

 % 

 66,502 

 5,162 

 08/01/14 

 Concord Mills Marketplace 

 5.76 

 % 

 12,492 

 1,013 

 02/01/14 

 DeKalb Plaza 

 5.28 

 % 

 2,530 

 284 

 01/01/15 

 Domain, The 

 5.44 

 % 

 204,405 

 14,085 

 08/01/21 

 Empire Mall 

 5.79 

 % 

 176,300 

 10,215 

 (2) 

 06/01/16 

 Ellenton Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 104,311 

 (21) 

 7,649 

 01/11/16 

 Florida Keys Outlet Center 

 5.51 

 % 

 10,645 

 (21) 

 781 

 01/11/16 

 Forest Plaza 

 7.50 

 % 

 18,074 

 (32) 

 1,685 

 10/10/19 

 Gaffney Premium Outlets 

 5.79 

 % 

 36,964 

 (22) 

 2,757 

 09/01/16 

 Great Mall 

 6.01 

 % 

 270,000 

 16,227 

 (2) 

 08/28/15 

 (3) 

 Greenwood Park Mall 

 8.00 

 % 

 77,549 

 (19) 

 7,044 

 08/01/16 

 Grove City Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 112,611 

 (21) 

 8,258 

 01/11/16 

 Gulfport Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 25,124 

 (21) 

 1,842 

 01/11/16 

 Gurnee Mills 

 5.77 

 % 

 321,000 

 18,512 

 (2) 

 07/01/17 

 Hagerstown Premium Outlets 

 5.95 

 % 

 89,037 

 (10) 

 6,787 

 04/11/16 

 Henderson Square 

 4.43 

 % 

 13,633 

 937 

 04/01/16 

 Huntley Outlet Center 

 5.51 

 % 

 29,776 

 (21) 

 2,183 

 01/11/16 

 Independence Center 

 5.94 

 % 

 200,000 

 11,886 

 (2) 

 07/10/17 

 Ingram Park Mall 

 5.38 

 % 

 142,009 

 9,746 

 06/01/21 

 Jersey Shore Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 69,882 

 (21) 

 5,124 

 01/11/16 

 King of Prussia — The Court & The Plaza — 1 

 7.49 

 % 

 81,230 

 23,183 

 01/01/17 

 King of Prussia — The Court & The Plaza — 2 

 8.53 

 % 

 5,792 

 1,685 

 01/01/17 

 King of Prussia — The Court & The Plaza — 3 

 4.50 

 % 

 50,000 

 2,250 

 (2) 

 01/01/17 

 Lake View Plaza 

 8.00 

 % 

 15,618 

 1,409 

 12/31/14 

 Lakeline Plaza 

 7.50 

 % 

 16,933 

 (32) 

 1,578 

 10/10/19 

 Las Americas Premium Outlets 

 5.84 

 % 

 180,000 

 10,511 

 (2) 

 06/11/16 

 Lebanon Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 15,447 

 (21) 

 1,133 

 01/11/16 

 Lee Premium Outlets 

 5.79 

 % 

 50,844 

 (22) 

 3,792 

 09/01/16 

 Mall of Georgia Crossing 

 4.28 

 % 

 24,934 

 1,481 

 10/06/22 

 Mesa Mall 

 5.79 

 % 

 87,250 

 5,055 

 (2) 

 06/01/16 

 Midland Park Mall 

 4.35 

 % 

 84,664 

 5,078 

 09/06/22 

 Montgomery Mall 

 5.17 

 % 

 82,303 

 6,307 

 05/11/34 

 Muncie Towne Plaza 

 7.50 

 % 

 7,039 

 (32) 

 656 

 10/10/19 

 Naples Outlet Center 

 5.51 

 % 

 16,005 

 (21) 

 1,174 

 01/11/16 

 North Ridge Shopping Center 

 3.41 

 % 

 12,500 

 427 

 (2) 

 12/01/22 

 Northfield Square 

 6.05 

 % 

 25,894 

 2,485 

 02/11/14 

 Opry Mills 

 6.16 

 % 

 280,000 

 17,248 

 (2) 

 10/10/16 

 (3) 

 Opry Mills — 2 

 5.00 

 % 

 103,925 

 5,196 

 (2) 

 10/10/16 

 (3) 

 Oxford Valley Mall 

 4.77 

 % 

 68,870 

 4,456 

 12/07/20 

 39 

MORTGAGE AND OTHER DEBT ON PORTFOLIO PROPERTIES
 As of December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Interest

Rate 

 Face

Amount 

 Annual

Debt Service (1) 

 Maturity

Date 

 Palms Crossing 

 5.49 

 % 

 37,747 

 (8) 

 2,612 

 08/01/21 

 Penn Square Mall 

 7.75 

 % 

 96,422 

 8,597 

 04/01/16 

 Pismo Beach Premium Outlets 

 5.84 

 % 

 33,850 

 (20) 

 1,978 

 (2) 

 11/06/16 

 Plaza Carolina — Fixed 

 7.50 

 % 

 86,717 

 7,552 

 06/01/14 

 Plaza Carolina — Variable Swapped 

 7.63 

 % (11) 

 93,554 

 8,498 

 06/01/14 

 Pleasant Prairie Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 60,018 

 (21) 

 4,401 

 01/11/16 

 Pleasant Prairie Premium Outlets 2 

 6.01 

 % 

 36,346 

 2,758 

 12/01/16 

 Potomac Mills 

 5.83 

 % 

 410,000 

 23,901 

 (2) 

 07/11/17 

 Port Charlotte Town Center 

 5.30 

 % 

 47,074 

 3,232 

 11/01/20 

 Puerto Rico Premium Outlets 

 3.75 

 % (24) 

 72,152 

 3,965 

 05/01/14 

 Queenstown Premium Outlets 

 5.84 

 % 

 66,150 

 (20) 

 3,864 

 (2) 

 11/06/16 

 Rushmore Mall 

 5.79 

 % 

 94,000 

 5,446 

 (2) 

 06/01/16 

 Sawgrass Mills 

 5.82 

 % 

 820,000 

 47,724 

 (2) 

 07/01/14 

 San Marcos Premium Outlets 

 5.51 

 % 

 142,834 

 (21) 

 10,474 

 01/11/16 

 Shops at Arbor Walk, The 

 5.49 

 % 

 42,662 

 (8) 

 2,952 

 08/01/21 

 Shops at Riverside, The 

 2.31 

 % (1) 

 130,000 

 3,001 

 (2) 

 06/16/16 

 (3) 

 Southdale Center 

 5.18 

 % 

 152,834 

 10,430 

 04/01/16 

 Southern Hills Mall 

 5.79 

 % 

 101,500 

 5,881 

 (2) 

 06/01/16 

 Southridge Mall 

 5.23 

 % 

 124,000 

 6,489 

 (2) 

 04/01/15 

 SouthPark 

 8.00 

 % 

 191,933 

 (19) 

 17,434 

 08/01/16 

 Stanford Shopping Center 

 2.36 

 % (1) 

 240,000 

 5,661 

 (2) 

 07/01/13 

 Summit Mall 

 5.42 

 % 

 65,000 

 3,526 

 (2) 

 06/10/17 

 Sunland Park Mall 

 8.63 

 % (13) 

 29,626 

 3,773 

 01/01/26 

 The Crossings Premium Outlets 

 3.41 

 % 

 115,000 

 3,926 

 (2) 

 12/01/22 

 Town Center at Cobb 

 4.76 

 % 

 200,000 

 9,514 

 (2) 

 05/01/22 

 Towne West Square 

 5.61 

 % 

 49,998 

 3,516 

 06/01/21 

 Upper Valley Mall 

 5.89 

 % 

 44,060 

 (28) 

 1,920 

 07/01/16 

 (3) 

 Valle Vista Mall 

 5.35 

 % 

 40,000 

 2,140 

 (2) 

 05/10/17 

 Walt Whitman Shops 

 8.00 

 % 

 118,261 

 (19) 

 10,742 

 08/01/16 

 Washington Square 

 5.94 

 % 

 25,749 

 (25) 

 1,072 

 07/01/16 

 (3) 

 West Ridge Mall 

 5.89 

 % 

 65,778 

 4,885 

 07/01/14 

 White Oaks Mall 

 5.54 

 % 

 50,000 

 2,768 

 (2) 

 11/01/16 

 White Oaks Plaza 

 7.50 

 % 

 14,079 

 (32) 

 1,312 

 10/10/19 

 Williamsburg Premium Outlets 

 5.95 

 % 

 102,862 

 (10) 

 7,841 

 04/11/16 

 Wolfchase Galleria 

 5.64 

 % 

 225,000 

 12,700 

 (2) 

 04/01/17 

 Woodland Hills Mall 

 7.79 

 % 

 94,036 

 8,414 

 04/05/19 

 Total Consolidated Secured Indebtedness 

 $ 

 8,018,252 

 Unsecured Indebtedness: 

 Simon Property Group, LP: 

 Revolving Credit Facility — USD 

 1.21 

 % (15) 

 $ 

 145,000 

 $ 

 1,753 

 (2) 

 10/30/16 

 (3) 

 Revolving Credit Facility — Euro Currency 

 1.05 

 % (15) 

 1,189,332 

 (16) 

 12,513 

 (2) 

 10/30/16 

 (3) 

 Supplemental Credit Facility — Yen Currency 

 1.13 

 % (15) 

 259,165 

 (23) 

 2,931 

 (2) 

 06/30/17 

 (3) 

 Unsecured Notes — 4C 

 7.38 

 % 

 200,000 

 14,750 

 (14) 

 06/15/18 

 Unsecured Notes — 9B 

 5.45 

 % 

 122,288 

 6,665 

 (14) 

 03/15/13 

 Unsecured Notes — 10B 

 4.90 

 % 

 200,000 

 9,800 

 (14) 

 01/30/14 

 Unsecured Notes — 11B 

 5.63 

 % 

 218,430 

 12,287 

 (14) 

 08/15/14 

 Unsecured Notes — 12A 

 5.10 

 % 

 600,000 

 30,600 

 (14) 

 06/15/15 

 Unsecured Notes — 13B 

 5.75 

 % 

 600,000 

 34,500 

 (14) 

 12/01/15 

 Unsecured Notes — 14B 

 6.10 

 % 

 400,000 

 24,400 

 (14) 

 05/01/16 

 Unsecured Notes — 15B 

 5.88 

 % 

 500,000 

 29,375 

 (14) 

 03/01/17 

 Unsecured Notes — 16B 

 5.25 

 % 

 650,000 

 34,125 

 (14) 

 12/01/16 

 40 

MORTGAGE AND OTHER DEBT ON PORTFOLIO PROPERTIES
 As of December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Interest

Rate 

 Face

Amount 

 Annual

Debt Service (1) 

 Maturity

Date 

 Unsecured Notes — 19A 

 5.30 

 % 

 237,897 

 12,609 

 (14) 

 05/30/13 

 (34) 

 Unsecured Notes — 19B 

 6.13 

 % 

 800,000 

 49,000 

 (14) 

 05/30/18 

 Unsecured Notes — 20A 

 10.35 

 % 

 650,000 

 67,275 

 (14) 

 04/01/19 

 Unsecured Notes — 21A 

 6.75 

 % 

 516,052 

 34,834 

 (14) 

 05/15/14 

 Unsecured Notes — 22A 

 4.20 

 % 

 400,000 

 16,800 

 (14) 

 02/01/15 

 Unsecured Notes — 22B 

 5.65 

 % 

 1,250,000 

 70,625 

 (14) 

 02/01/20 

 Unsecured Notes — 22C 

 6.75 

 % 

 600,000 

 40,500 

 (14) 

 02/01/40 

 Unsecured Notes — 23A 

 4.38 

 % 

 900,000 

 39,375 

 (14) 

 03/01/21 

 Unsecured Notes — 24A 

 2.80 

 % 

 500,000 

 14,000 

 (14) 

 01/30/17 

 Unsecured Notes — 24B 

 4.13 

 % 

 700,000 

 28,875 

 (14) 

 12/01/21 

 Unsecured Notes — 25A 

 2.15 

 % 

 600,000 

 12,900 

 (14) 

 09/15/17 

 Unsecured Notes — 25B 

 3.38 

 % 

 600,000 

 20,250 

 (14) 

 03/15/22 

 Unsecured Notes — 25C 

 4.75 

 % 

 550,000 

 26,125 

 (14) 

 03/15/42 

 Unsecured Notes — 26A 

 1.50 

 % 

 750,000 

 11,250 

 (14) 

 02/01/18 

 Unsecured Notes — 26B 

 2.75 

 % 

 500,000 

 13,750 

 (14) 

 02/01/23 

 14,638,164 

 The Retail Property Trust, subsidiary: 

 Unsecured Notes — CPI 4 

 7.18 

 % 

 75,000 

 5,385 

 (14) 

 09/01/13 

 Unsecured Notes — CPI 5 

 7.88 

 % 

 250,000 

 19,688 

 (14) 

 03/15/16 

 325,000 

 CPG Partners, LP, subsidiary: 

 Unsecured Notes — CPG 7 

 6.00 

 % 

 69,334 

 4,160 

 (14) 

 01/15/13 

 (30) 

 69,334 

 Total Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness 

$ 

15,032,498 

 Total Consolidated Indebtedness at Face Amounts 

$ 

23,050,750 

 Net Premium on Indebtedness 

 105,776 

 Net Discount on Indebtedness 

 (43,519 

 ) 

 Total Consolidated Indebtedness 

 $ 

 23,113,007 

 Our Share of Consolidated Indebtedness 

 $ 

 22,953,985 

 Joint Venture Indebtedness: 

 Secured Indebtedness: 

 Ami Premium Outlets 

 1.84 

 % 

 131,747 

 (26) 

 14,840 

 09/25/23 

 Arizona Mills 

 5.76 

 % 

 169,574 

 12,268 

 07/01/20 

 Arundel Mills Marketplace 

 5.92 

 % 

 10,739 

 884 

 01/01/14 

 Arundel Mills 

 6.14 

 % 

 374,338 

 28,116 

 08/01/14 

 Auburn Mall 

 6.02 

 % 

 40,886 

 3,027 

 09/01/20 

 Aventura Mall 

 5.91 

 % 

 430,000 

 25,392 

 (2) 

 12/11/17 

 Avenues, The 

 5.29 

 % 

 66,244 

 5,325 

 04/01/13 

 Briarwood Mall 

 7.50 

 % 

 114,153 

 (33) 

 10,641 

 11/30/16 

 Busan Premium Outlets 

 5.60 

 % (27) 

 27,128 

 (17) 

 1,518 

 (2) 

 02/13/17 

 California Department Stores 

 6.53 

 % 

 31,300 

 2,044 

 (2) 

 11/01/17 

 Cape Cod Mall 

 5.75 

 % 

 97,882 

 7,003 

 03/06/21 

 Circle Centre 

 5.02 

 % 

 66,432 

 5,165 

 04/11/13 

 Clay Terrace 

 5.08 

 % 

 115,000 

 5,842 

 (2) 

 10/01/15 

 Coconut Point 

 5.83 

 % 

 230,000 

 13,409 

 (2) 

 12/10/16 

 Coddingtown Mall 

 3.11 

 % (1) 

 13,050 

 1,059 

 07/01/14 

 (3) 

 Colorado Mills 

 3.96 

 % (18) 

 130,954 

 5,184 

 (2) 

 06/01/15 

 41 

MORTGAGE AND OTHER DEBT ON PORTFOLIO PROPERTIES
 As of December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Interest

Rate 

 Face

Amount 

 Annual

Debt Service (1) 

 Maturity

Date 

 Concord Mills 

 3.84 

 % 

 235,000 

 9,015 

 (2) 

 11/01/22 

 Crystal Mall 

 4.46 

 % 

 95,000 

 4,237 

 (2) 

 06/06/22 

 Dadeland Mall 

 4.50 

 % 

 450,000 

 27,361 

 12/05/21 

 Del Amo Fashion Center 

 1.71 

 % (1) 

 307,753 

 5,259 

 (2) 

 01/23/13 

 Denver West Village 

 5.04 

 % 

 28,000 

 1,410 

 (2) 

 07/01/21 

 Domain Westin 

 2.16 

 % (1) 

 39,701 

 1,260 

 10/14/13 

 Dover Mall 

 5.57 

 % 

 92,437 

 6,455 

 08/06/21 

 Emerald Square Mall 

 4.71 

 % 

 114,444 

 7,165 

 08/11/22 

 Falls, The 

 7.50 

 % 

 110,348 

 (33) 

 10,287 

 11/30/16 

 Fashion Centre Pentagon Office 

 5.11 

 % 

 40,000 

 2,043 

 (2) 

 07/01/21 

 Fashion Centre Pentagon Retail 

 4.87 

 % 

 410,000 

 19,957 

 (2) 

 07/01/21 

 Fashion Valley — 1 

 4.30 

 % 

 475,000 

 20,425 

 (2) 

 01/04/21 

 Fashion Valley — 2 

 6.00 

 % 

 5,790 

 549 

 05/01/14 

 Firewheel Residential 

 5.91 

 % 

 22,380 

 1,635 

 12/01/16 

 (3) 

 Firewheel Residential II 

 2.21 

 % (1) 

 103 

 2 

 08/23/17 

 (3) 

 Florida Mall, The 

 5.25 

 % 

 362,701 

 24,849 

 09/05/20 

 Gaitway Plaza 

 4.60 

 % 

 13,900 

 640 

 (2) 

 07/01/15 

 Grapevine Mills 

 5.90 

 % (6) 

 270,000 

 15,932 

 (2) 

 09/22/14 

 (3) 

 Greendale Mall 

 6.00 

 % 

 45,000 

 2,699 

 (2) 

 10/01/16 

 Gotemba Premium Outlets 

 1.59 

 % 

 36,869 

 (26) 

 15,834 

 10/25/14 

 Hamilton Town Center 

 4.81 

 % 

 84,000 

 4,038 

 (2) 

 04/01/22 

 Houston Galleria — 1 

 5.44 

 % 

 643,583 

 34,985 

 (2) 

 12/01/15 

 Houston Galleria — 2 

 5.44 

 % 

 177,417 

 9,644 

 (2) 

 12/01/15 

 Indian River Commons 

 5.21 

 % 

 9,211 

 637 

 11/01/14 

 Indian River Mall 

 5.21 

 % 

 62,413 

 4,313 

 11/01/14 

 Johor Premium Outlets 

 5.35 

 % (7) 

 25,621 

 (9) 

 7,287 

 02/28/19 

 Katy Mills 

 3.49 

 % 

 140,000 

 4,886 

 (2) 

 12/06/22 

 Kobe-Sanda Premium Outlets — Fixed 

 1.70 

 % 

 2,328 

 (26) 

 3,776 

 01/31/14 

 Kobe-Sanda Premium Outlets — Variable 

 0.77 

 % (12) 

 59,539 

 (26) 

 9,793 

 01/31/18 

 Lehigh Valley Mall 

 5.88 

 % 

 135,568 

 9,943 

 07/05/20 

 Liberty Tree Mall 

 5.22 

 % 

 35,000 

 1,827 

 (2) 

 10/11/13 

 Mall at Rockingham Park, The 

 5.61 

 % 

 260,000 

 14,586 

 (2) 

 03/10/17 

 Mall at Tuttle Crossing, The 

 5.05 

 % 

 108,420 

 7,774 

 11/05/13 

 Mall of New Hampshire, The 

 6.23 

 % 

 129,288 

 9,644 

 10/05/15 

 Meadowood Mall 

 5.82 

 % 

 123,399 

 8,818 

 11/06/21 

 Miami International Mall 

 5.35 

 % 

 88,306 

 6,533 

 10/01/13 

 Northshore Mall 

 5.03 

 % 

 191,001 

 13,566 

 03/11/34 

 Ontario Mills 

 4.25 

 % 

 345,598 

 20,661 

 03/05/22 

 Outlets at Orange, The 

 6.25 

 % 

 215,820 

 16,258 

 10/01/14 

 Paju Premium Outlets 

 6.01 

 % (27) 

 74,636 

 (17) 

 4,486 

 (2) 

 03/16/16 

 Plaza at Buckland Hills, The 

 4.60 

 % 

 24,800 

 1,142 

 (2) 

 07/01/15 

 Quaker Bridge Mall — 1 

 7.03 

 % 

 15,146 

 2,407 

 04/01/16 

 Quaker Bridge Mall — 2 

 2.95 

 % 

 62,000 

 1,829 

 (2) 

 04/01/16 

 Ridgewood Court 

 4.60 

 % 

 14,650 

 674 

 (2) 

 07/01/15 

 Rinku Premium Outlets — Fixed 

 1.86 

 % 

 12,921 

 (26) 

 7,445 

 11/25/14 

 Rinku Premium Outlets — Variable 

 0.56 

 % (12) 

 23,280 

 (26) 

 2,458 

 07/31/17 

 Sano Premium Outlets 

 0.53 

 % (12) 

 21,756 

 (26) 

 14,967 

 05/31/18 

 Seminole Towne Center 

 5.97 

 % 

 58,910 

 4,303 

 05/06/21 

 Sendai-Izumi Premium Outlets 

 0.48 

 % (12) 

 26,539 

 (26) 

 4,551 

 10/31/18 

 Shops at Sunset Place, The 

 5.62 

 % 

 75,562 

 5,892 

 09/01/20 

 Silver Sands Premium Outlets 

 3.93 

 % 

 100,000 

 3,930 

 (2) 

 06/01/22 

 Smith Haven Mall 

 5.16 

 % 

 180,000 

 9,283 

 (2) 

 03/01/16 

 42 

MORTGAGE AND OTHER DEBT ON PORTFOLIO PROPERTIES
 As of December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Property Name 

 Interest

Rate 

 Face

Amount 

 Annual

Debt Service (1) 

 Maturity

Date 

 Solomon Pond Mall 

 4.01 

 % 

 109,842 

 6,309 

 11/01/22 

 SouthPark Residential 

 4.80 

 % 

 22,000 

 1,056 

 (2) 

 05/01/21 

 Springfield Mall 

 4.77 

 % (11) 

 64,911 

 3,492 

 11/30/15 

 Square One Mall 

 5.47 

 % 

 98,839 

 6,793 

 01/06/22 

 Stoneridge Shopping Center 

 7.50 

 % 

 221,736 

 (33) 

 19,214 

 11/30/16 

 St. Johns Town Center 

 5.06 

 % 

 163,470 

 11,025 

 03/11/15 

 St. John's Town Center Phase II 

 5.50 

 % (11) 

 77,500 

 4,266 

 (2) 

 05/10/15 

 (3) 

 Toki Premium Outlets 

 1.08 

 % (12) 

 11,770 

 (26) 

 3,334 

 04/30/15 

 Toronto Premium Outlets 

 2.38 

 % (4) 

 31,699 

 (5) 

 753 

 (2) 

 07/09/15 

 Tosu Premium Outlets — Fixed 

 1.54 

 % 

 1,608 

 (26) 

 2,209 

 08/24/13 

 Tosu Premium Outlets — Variable 

 0.52 

 % (12) 

 31,080 

 (26) 

 4,234 

 01/31/16 

 Village Park Plaza 

 4.60 

 % 

 29,850 

 1,374 

 (2) 

 07/01/15 

 West Town Corners 

 4.60 

 % 

 18,800 

 865 

 (2) 

 07/01/15 

 West Town Mall 

 6.34 

 % 

 210,000 

 13,309 

 (2) 

 12/01/17 

 Westchester, The 

 6.00 

 % 

 362,516 

 26,980 

 05/05/20 

 Whitehall Mall 

 7.00 

 % 

 11,008 

 1,149 

 11/01/18 

 Woodfield Mall 

 4.50 

 % 

 425,000 

 19,125 

 (2) 

 03/05/24 

 Total Joint Venture Secured Indebtedness at Face Value 

 $ 

 10,622,194 

 The Mills Limited Partnership Indebtedness at Face Value 

$ 

957,113 

 (29) 

 Total Joint Venture and The Mills Limited Partnership Indebtedness at Face Value 

 $ 

 11,579,307 

 Net Premium on Indebtedness 

 5,556 

 Total Joint Venture Indebtedness 

 $ 

 11,584,863 

 Our Share of Joint Venture Indebtedness 

 $ 

 5,380,359 

 (31) 

 (Footnotes on following page) 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 (Footnotes for preceding pages) 

 (1) Variable
rate loans based on 1M LIBOR plus interest rate spreads ranging from 100 bps to 450 bps. 1M LIBOR as of December 31, 2012 was 0.21%.

 (2) Requires
monthly payment of interest only.

 (3) Includes
applicable extension available at the Applicable Borrower's option.

 (4) Variable
rate loan based on 1M CDOR plus 115 bps. 1M CDOR at December 31, 2012 was 1.23%.

 (5) Amount
shown in USD equivalent. CAD Equivalent is 31,600.0 million.

 (6) We
have executed a swap agreement that fixes the interest rate on $245 million of this loan at 6.26%.

 (7) Variable
rate loans based on KLIBOR plus interest rate spread of 225 bps. KLIBOR as of December 31, 2012 was 3.10%.

 (8) Loans
secured by these two properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (9) Amount
shown in USD Equivalent. Ringgit equivalent is 79,724.0 million.

 (10) Loans
secured by these three properties are cross-collateralized.

 (11) Associated
with these loans are interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the interest rate of the loans at the all-in rate presented.

 (12) Variable
rate loans based on1M Yen LIBOR plus interest rate spreads ranging from 27.5 bps to 187.5 bps. 1M Yen LIBOR as of December 31, 2012 was
0.13%.

 (13) Lender
also participates in a percentage of certain gross receipts above a specified base. This threshold was met and additional interest was paid in 2012.

 (14) Requires
semi-annual payments of interest only.

 (15) $4.0 Billion
Credit Facility and $2.0 Billion Supplemental Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2012, the Credit Facility and
Supplemental Credit Facility bear interest at LIBOR + 100 basis points and provide for different pricing based upon our investment grade rating. As of December 31, 2012,
$4.4 billion was available after outstanding borrowings and letter of credits.

 (16) Amount
shown in USD Equivalent. Balances include borrowings on multi-currency tranche of Euro 900.0 million.

 (17) Amount
shown in USD equivalent. Won Equivalent is 108,260.0 million.

 (18) Variable
rate loan based on 1M LIBOR plus an interest rate spread of 375 bps. In addition, 1M LIBOR is capped at 3.75%.

 (19) Loans
secured by these three properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (20) Loans
secured by these two properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (21) Loans
secured by these ten properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (22) Loans
secured by these three properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (23) Amount
shown in USD Equivalent. Balances include borrowings on multi-currency tranche of Yen 22,265.0 million.

 (24) Through
an interest rate floor agreement, the LIBOR rate is currently fixed at 1.50%.

 (25) Comprised
of a $15.0 million note at 5.94% and a $12.8 million note that is non-interest bearing.

 (26) Amount
shown in USD Equivalent. Yen equivalent is 30,879.2 million

 (27) Variable
rate loans based on 91 Day Korean CD rate plus interest rate spreads ranging from 200 bps to 312 bps. The 91 Day Korean CD rate as of
December 31, 2012 was 2.89%.

 (28) Comprised
of a $27.0 million note at 5.89% and a $20.0 million note that is non-interest bearing. 
 44 

 Table of Contents 

 (29) Consists
of 8 properties with interest rates ranging from 4.50% to 7.32% and maturities between 2013 and 2023.

 (30) Unsecured
notes were retired at maturity.

 (31) Our
share of total indebtedness includes a pro rata share of the mortgage debt on joint venture properties, including The Mills Limited Partnership. To the
extent total indebtedness is secured by a property, it is non-recourse to us, with the exception of approximately $84.9 million of payment guarantees provided by the Operating
Partnership.

 (32) Loans
secured by these four properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (33) Loans
secured by these three properties are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted.

 (34) We
have noticed holders of these notes our intent to prepay at par on March 1, 2013. 

 The
changes in consolidated mortgages and other indebtedness for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010 are as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance, Beginning of Year 

 $ 

 18,446,440 

 $ 

 17,473,760 

 $ 

 18,630,302 

 Additions during period: 

 New Loan Originations 

 4,873,844 

 1,865,794 

 3,709,910 

 Loans assumed in

acquisitions and

consolidation 

 2,589,130 

 619,192 

 1,241,907 

 Net Premium 

 70,689 

 28,483 

 4,360 

 Deductions during period: 

 Loan Retirements 

 (2,758,515 

 ) 

 (1,471,034 

 ) 

 (6,053,631 

 ) 

 Amortization of Net Premiums 

 (33,504 

 ) 

 (8,438 

 ) 

 (9,066 

 ) 

 Scheduled Principal

Amortization 

 (75,077 

 ) 

 (61,317 

 ) 

 (50,022 

 ) 

 Balance, Close of Year 

 $ 

 23,113,007 

 $ 

 18,446,440 

 $ 

 17,473,760 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We are involved from time-to-time in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, but not
limited to commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions including acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that such litigation, claims and
administrative proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position or our results of operations. We record a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can
be reasonably estimated. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 Part II 

 Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Market Information 

 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SPG". The quarterly price range for the shares and the
dividends declared per share for each quarter in the last two fiscal years are shown below: 

 High 

 Low 

 Close 

 Declared

Dividends 

 2011 

 1 st Quarter 

 $ 

 110.49 

 $ 

 95.29 

 $ 

 107.16 

 $ 

 0.80 

 2 nd Quarter 

 118.10 

 104.42 

 116.23 

 0.80 

 3 rd Quarter 

 123.48 

 99.60 

 109.98 

 0.80 

 4 th Quarter 

 131.92 

 103.32 

 128.94 

 1.10 

 (1) 

 2012 

 1 st Quarter 

 $ 

 146.34 

 $ 

 125.53 

 $ 

 145.68 

 $ 

 0.95 

 2 nd Quarter 

 158.60 

 141.56 

 155.66 

 1.00 

 3 rd Quarter 

 164.17 

 150.85 

 151.81 

 1.05 

 4 th Quarter 

 160.70 

 145.21 

 158.09 

 1.10 

 (1) Consists
of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.90 per share and a special common stock dividend of $0.20 per share. 

 There
is no established public trading market for Simon Property's Class B common stock. Dividends on the Class B common stock are identical to the common stock. 

 Holders 

 The number of holders of record of common stock outstanding was 1,588 as of December 31, 2012. The Class B common stock is subject to
two voting trusts as to which Herbert Simon and David Simon are the trustees. Shares of Class B common stock convert automatically into an equal number of shares of common stock upon the occurrence of
certain events and can be converted into shares of common stock at the option of the holders. 

 Dividends 

 We must pay a minimum amount of dividends to maintain our status as a REIT. Our dividends typically exceed our net income generated in
any given year primarily because of depreciation, which is a non-cash expense. Our future dividends and future distributions of the Operating Partnership will be determined by the Board of Directors
based on actual results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, and the amount required
to maintain our status as a REIT. 

 Common
stock dividends during 2012 aggregated $4.10 per share. Common stock dividends during 2011 aggregated $3.50 per share, including a special common stock dividend of $0.20 per
share paid in December. On February 1, 2013, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $1.15 per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2013 to stockholders of record on February 14,
2013. 

 We
offer a dividend reinvestment plan that allows our stockholders to acquire additional shares by automatically reinvesting cash dividends. Shares are acquired pursuant to the plan at
a price equal to the prevailing market price of such shares, without payment of any brokerage commission or service charge. 

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, we issued 554,756 shares of common stock to limited partners in exchange for an equal number of
units. The issuance of the shares of common stock was made pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership and was exempt from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 Issuances Under Equity Compensation Plans 

 For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12 of this report. 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Selected Financial Data section of our 2012 Annual
Report to Stockholders filed as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10-K. 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders filed as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10-K. 

 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders under the caption "Liquidity and Capital Resources — Market Risk," filed as Exhibit 13.1 to
this Form 10-K. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements contained in Item 15. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 

 Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management's report on internal control
over financial reporting is set forth
in our 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders filed as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f)) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2012 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Item 9B. Other Information 

 During the fourth quarter of the year covered by this report, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors approved certain audit,
audit-related and non-audit tax compliance and tax consulting services to be provided by Ernst & Young LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. This disclosure is made
pursuant to Section 10A(i)(2) of the Exchange Act, as added by Section 202 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Part III 

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting
of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A and the information included under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I hereof. 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting
of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting
of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting
of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting
of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (1) 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries' consolidated financial statements and independent registered public accounting firm's reports are included in our 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders, filed
as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

 (2) 

 Financial Statement Schedule 

 Page No. 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries Schedule III — Schedule of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 53 

 Notes to Schedule III 

 62 

 (3) 

 Exhibits 

 The Exhibit Index attached hereto is hereby incorporated by reference to this Item. 

 63 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC. 

 By 

 /s/ DAVID SIMON

 David Simon

Chairman of the Board of Directors

and Chief Executive Officer

 February
28, 2013 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

 Signature 

 Capacity 

 Date 

 /s/ DAVID SIMON

 David Simon 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer) 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ HERBERT SIMON

 Herbert Simon 

 Chairman Emeritus and Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ RICHARD S. SOKOLOV

 Richard S. Sokolov 

 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ MELVYN E. BERGSTEIN

 Melvyn E. Bergstein 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ LARRY C. GLASSCOCK

 Larry C. Glasscock 

 Director 

 February 28 ,2013 

 /s/ REUBEN S. LEIBOWITZ

 Reuben S. Leibowitz 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ J. ALBERT SMITH, JR.

 J. Albert Smith, Jr. 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ KAREN N. HORN

 Karen N. Horn 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

 Signature 

 Capacity 

 Date 

 /s/ ALLAN HUBBARD

 Allan Hubbard 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ DANIEL C. SMITH

 Daniel C. Smith 

 Director 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ STEPHEN E. STERRETT

 Stephen E. Sterrett 

 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 February 28, 2013 

 /s/ STEVEN K. BROADWATER

 Steven K. Broadwater 

 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 February 28, 2013 

 51 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Malls 

 Anderson Mall 

 Anderson, SC 

 $ 

 20,849 

 $ 

 1,712 

 $ 

 15,227 

 $ 

 851 

 $ 

 20,545 

 $ 

 2,563 

 $ 

 35,772 

 $ 

 38,335 

 $ 

 16,772 

 1972 

 Arsenal Mall 

 Watertown (Boston), MA 

 560 

 14,714 

 47,680 

 — 

 9,483 

 14,714 

 57,163 

 71,877 

 22,232 

 1999 (4) 

 Bangor Mall 

 Bangor, ME 

 80,000 

 5,478 

 59,740 

 — 

 11,158 

 5,478 

 70,898 

 76,376 

 27,294 

 2004 (5) 

 Barton Creek Square 

 Austin, TX 

 — 

 2,903 

 20,929 

 7,983 

 64,481 

 10,886 

 85,410 

 96,296 

 49,695 

 1981 

 Battlefield Mall 

 Springfield, MO 

 125,000 

 3,919 

 27,231 

 3,000 

 62,542 

 6,919 

 89,773 

 96,692 

 57,633 

 1970 

 Bay Park Square 

 Green Bay, WI 

 — 

 6,358 

 25,623 

 4,106 

 26,111 

 10,464 

 51,734 

 62,198 

 24,863 

 1980 

 Bowie Town Center 

 Bowie (Washington, D.C.), MD 

 — 

 2,710 

 65,044 

 235 

 7,170 

 2,945 

 72,214 

 75,159 

 29,912 

 2001 

 Boynton Beach Mall 

 Boynton Beach (Miami), FL 

 — 

 22,240 

 78,804 

 4,666 

 27,431 

 26,906 

 106,235 

 133,141 

 48,423 

 1985 

 Brea Mall 

 Brea (Los Angeles), CA 

 — 

 39,500 

 209,202 

 — 

 27,131 

 39,500 

 236,333 

 275,833 

 97,144 

 1998 (4) 

 Broadway Square 

 Tyler, TX 

 — 

 11,306 

 32,431 

 — 

 23,033 

 11,306 

 55,464 

 66,770 

 27,424 

 1994 (4) 

 Brunswick Square 

 East Brunswick (New York), NJ 

 78,189 

 8,436 

 55,838 

 — 

 32,327 

 8,436 

 88,165 

 96,601 

 44,428 

 1973 

 Burlington Mall 

 Burlington (Boston), MA 

 — 

 46,600 

 303,618 

 19,600 

 95,324 

 66,200 

 398,942 

 465,142 

 147,321 

 1998 (4) 

 Castleton Square 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 — 

 26,250 

 98,287 

 7,434 

 74,644 

 33,684 

 172,931 

 206,615 

 76,170 

 1972 

 Charlottesville Fashion Square 

 Charlottesville, VA 

 — 

 — 

 54,738 

 — 

 18,530 

 — 

 73,268 

 73,268 

 31,308 

 1997 (4) 

 Chautauqua Mall 

 Lakewood, NY 

 — 

 3,116 

 9,641 

 — 

 16,082 

 3,116 

 25,723 

 28,839 

 13,469 

 1971 

 Chesapeake Square 

 Chesapeake (Virginia Beach), VA 

 66,502 

 11,534 

 70,461 

 — 

 19,273 

 11,534 

 89,734 

 101,268 

 49,251 

 1989 

 Cielo Vista Mall 

 El Paso, TX 

 — 

 1,005 

 15,262 

 608 

 48,983 

 1,613 

 64,245 

 65,858 

 36,779 

 1974 

 College Mall 

 Bloomington, IN 

 — 

 1,003 

 16,245 

 720 

 43,966 

 1,723 

 60,211 

 61,934 

 32,033 

 1965 

 Columbia Center 

 Kennewick, WA 

 — 

 17,441 

 66,580 

 — 

 25,705 

 17,441 

 92,285 

 109,726 

 40,407 

 1987 

 Copley Place 

 Boston, MA 

 — 

 — 

 378,045 

 — 

 100,167 

 — 

 478,212 

 478,212 

 150,522 

 2002 (4) 

 Coral Square 

 Coral Springs (Miami), FL 

 — 

 13,556 

 93,630 

 — 

 19,025 

 13,556 

 112,655 

 126,211 

 64,184 

 1984 

 Cordova Mall 

 Pensacola, FL 

 — 

 18,626 

 73,091 

 7,321 

 56,062 

 25,947 

 129,153 

 155,100 

 45,228 

 1998 (4) 

 Cottonwood Mall 

 Albuquerque, NM 

 — 

 10,122 

 69,958 

 — 

 6,704 

 10,122 

 76,662 

 86,784 

 39,731 

 1996 

 Domain, The 

 Austin, TX 

 204,405 

 40,436 

 197,010 

 — 

 138,250 

 40,436 

 335,260 

 375,696 

 66,311 

 2005 

 Edison Mall 

 Fort Myers, FL 

 — 

 11,529 

 107,350 

 — 

 31,240 

 11,529 

 138,590 

 150,119 

 56,765 

 1997 (4) 

 Empire Mall 

 Sioux Falls, SD 

 176,300 

 35,998 

 192,186 

 — 

 3,454 

 35,998 

 195,640 

 231,638 

 7,443 

 1998 (5) 

 Fashion Mall at Keystone, The 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 — 

 — 

 120,579 

 29,145 

 80,161 

 29,145 

 200,740 

 229,885 

 73,035 

 1997 (4) 

 Firewheel Town Center 

 Garland (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 8,485 

 82,716 

 — 

 28,814 

 8,485 

 111,530 

 120,015 

 34,470 

 2004 

 Forest Mall 

 Fond Du Lac, WI 

 — 

 721 

 4,491 

 — 

 8,864 

 721 

 13,355 

 14,076 

 8,885 

 1973 

 Forum Shops at Caesars, The 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 — 

 — 

 276,567 

 — 

 219,010 

 — 

 495,577 

 495,577 

 174,529 

 1992 

 Great Lakes Mall 

 Mentor (Cleveland), OH 

 — 

 12,302 

 100,362 

 — 

 22,491 

 12,302 

 122,853 

 135,155 

 54,179 

 1961 

 52 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Greenwood Park Mall 

 Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN 

 77,549 

 2,423 

 23,445 

 5,253 

 115,808 

 7,676 

 139,253 

 146,929 

 59,907 

 1979 

 Gulf View Square 

 Port Richey (Tampa), FL 

 — 

 13,690 

 39,991 

 1,688 

 17,882 

 15,378 

 57,873 

 73,251 

 28,468 

 1980 

 Haywood Mall 

 Greenville, SC 

 — 

 11,585 

 133,893 

 6 

 21,633 

 11,591 

 155,526 

 167,117 

 78,018 

 1998 (4) 

 Independence Center 

 Independence (Kansas City), MO 

 200,000 

 5,042 

 45,798 

 — 

 34,528 

 5,042 

 80,326 

 85,368 

 38,595 

 1994 (4) 

 Ingram Park Mall 

 San Antonio, TX 

 142,009 

 733 

 17,163 

 73 

 22,993 

 806 

 40,156 

 40,962 

 25,147 

 1979 

 Irving Mall 

 Irving (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 6,737 

 17,479 

 2,533 

 39,951 

 9,270 

 57,430 

 66,700 

 35,859 

 1971 

 Jefferson Valley Mall 

 Yorktown Heights (New York), NY 

 — 

 4,868 

 30,304 

 — 

 26,948 

 4,868 

 57,252 

 62,120 

 34,350 

 1983 

 King of Prussia — The Court & The Plaza 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia), PA 

 137,022 

 175,063 

 1,128,200 

 — 

 38,109 

 175,063 

 1,166,309 

 1,341,372 

 57,957 

 2003 (5) 

 Knoxville Center 

 Knoxville, TN 

 — 

 5,006 

 21,617 

 3,712 

 32,740 

 8,718 

 54,357 

 63,075 

 33,102 

 1984 

 La Plaza Mall 

 McAllen, TX 

 — 

 1,375 

 9,828 

 6,569 

 49,809 

 7,944 

 59,637 

 67,581 

 27,555 

 1976 

 Laguna Hills Mall 

 Laguna Hills (Los Angeles), CA 

 — 

 27,928 

 55,446 

 — 

 14,865 

 27,928 

 70,311 

 98,239 

 30,324 

 1997 (4) 

 Lakeline Mall 

 Cedar Park (Austin), TX 

 — 

 10,088 

 81,568 

 14 

 16,465 

 10,102 

 98,033 

 108,135 

 45,620 

 1995 

 Lenox Square 

 Atlanta, GA 

 — 

 38,058 

 492,411 

 — 

 70,361 

 38,058 

 562,772 

 600,830 

 223,056 

 1998 (4) 

 Lima Mall 

 Lima, OH 

 — 

 7,659 

 35,338 

 — 

 13,126 

 7,659 

 48,464 

 56,123 

 24,387 

 1965 

 Lincolnwood Town Center 

 Lincolnwood (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 7,834 

 63,480 

 — 

 7,609 

 7,834 

 71,089 

 78,923 

 42,987 

 1990 

 Lindale Mall 

 Cedar Rapids, IA 

 — 

 14,106 

 58,286 

 — 

 1,213 

 14,106 

 59,499 

 73,605 

 3,091 

 1998 (5) 

 Livingston Mall 

 Livingston (New York), NJ 

 — 

 22,214 

 105,250 

 — 

 43,362 

 22,214 

 148,612 

 170,826 

 55,154 

 1998 (4) 

 Longview Mall 

 Longview, TX 

 — 

 259 

 3,567 

 124 

 8,762 

 383 

 12,329 

 12,712 

 7,001 

 1978 

 Mall at Chestnut Hill, The 

 Chestnut Hill (Boston), MA 

 — 

 449 

 25,102 

 — 

 5,774 

 449 

 30,876 

 31,325 

 4,400 

 2002 (5) 

 Mall of Georgia 

 Buford (Atlanta), GA 

 — 

 47,492 

 326,633 

 — 

 6,563 

 47,492 

 333,196 

 380,688 

 114,566 

 1999 (5) 

 Maplewood Mall 

 St. Paul (Minneapolis), MN 

 — 

 17,119 

 80,758 

 — 

 23,994 

 17,119 

 104,752 

 121,871 

 34,363 

 2002 (4) 

 Markland Mall 

 Kokomo, IN 

 — 

 — 

 7,568 

 — 

 16,355 

 — 

 23,923 

 23,923 

 12,193 

 1968 

 McCain Mall 

 N. Little Rock, AR 

 — 

 — 

 9,515 

 10,530 

 24,179 

 10,530 

 33,694 

 44,224 

 7,931 

 1973 

 Melbourne Square 

 Melbourne, FL 

 — 

 15,762 

 55,891 

 4,160 

 28,565 

 19,922 

 84,456 

 104,378 

 36,439 

 1982 

 Menlo Park Mall 

 Edison (New York), NJ 

 — 

 65,684 

 223,252 

 — 

 42,010 

 65,684 

 265,262 

 330,946 

 118,948 

 1997 (4) 

 Mesa Mall 

 Grand Junction, CO 

 87,250 

 12,784 

 80,639 

 — 

 479 

 12,784 

 81,118 

 93,902 

 4,330 

 1998 (5) 

 Midland Park Mall 

 Midland, TX 

 84,664 

 687 

 9,213 

 — 

 23,098 

 687 

 32,311 

 32,998 

 17,344 

 1980 

 Miller Hill Mall 

 Duluth, MN 

 — 

 2,965 

 18,092 

 1,811 

 30,560 

 4,776 

 48,652 

 53,428 

 34,316 

 1973 

 Montgomery Mall 

 North Wales (Philadelphia), PA 

 82,303 

 27,105 

 86,915 

 2,279 

 38,443 

 29,384 

 125,358 

 154,742 

 40,300 

 2004 (5) 

 Muncie Mall 

 Muncie, IN 

 — 

 172 

 5,776 

 52 

 27,587 

 224 

 33,363 

 33,587 

 19,415 

 1970 

 North East Mall 

 Hurst (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 128 

 12,966 

 19,010 

 150,838 

 19,138 

 163,804 

 182,942 

 81,628 

 1971 

 Northfield Square 

 Bourbonnais, IL 

 25,894 

 362 

 53,396 

 — 

 3,362 

 362 

 56,758 

 57,120 

 37,771 

 2004 (5) 

 53 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Northgate Mall 

 Seattle, WA 

 — 

 24,369 

 115,992 

 — 

 96,300 

 24,369 

 212,292 

 236,661 

 82,221 

 1987 

 Northlake Mall 

 Atlanta, GA 

 — 

 33,400 

 98,035 

 — 

 3,694 

 33,400 

 101,729 

 135,129 

 67,719 

 1998 (4) 

 Northwoods Mall 

 Peoria, IL 

 — 

 1,185 

 12,779 

 2,164 

 38,570 

 3,349 

 51,349 

 54,698 

 31,587 

 1983 

 Oak Court Mall 

 Memphis, TN 

 — 

 15,673 

 57,304 

 — 

 9,622 

 15,673 

 66,926 

 82,599 

 33,577 

 1997 (4) 

 Ocean County Mall 

 Toms River (New York), NJ 

 — 

 20,404 

 124,945 

 — 

 29,219 

 20,404 

 154,164 

 174,568 

 62,088 

 1998 (4) 

 Orange Park Mall 

 Orange Park (Jacksonville), FL 

 — 

 12,998 

 65,121 

 — 

 41,605 

 12,998 

 106,726 

 119,724 

 51,597 

 1994 (4) 

 Orland Square 

 Orland Park (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 35,514 

 129,906 

 — 

 42,165 

 35,514 

 172,071 

 207,585 

 71,335 

 1997 (4) 

 Oxford Valley Mall 

 Langhorne (Philadelphia), PA 

 68,870 

 24,544 

 100,287 

 2,279 

 10,622 

 26,823 

 110,909 

 137,732 

 62,695 

 2003 (4) 

 Paddock Mall 

 Ocala, FL 

 — 

 11,198 

 39,727 

 — 

 21,179 

 11,198 

 60,906 

 72,104 

 24,616 

 1980 

 Penn Square Mall 

 Oklahoma City, OK 

 96,422 

 2,043 

 155,958 

 — 

 36,779 

 2,043 

 192,737 

 194,780 

 82,924 

 2002 (4) 

 Pheasant Lane Mall 

 Nashua, NH 

 — 

 3,902 

 155,068 

 550 

 43,692 

 4,452 

 198,760 

 203,212 

 68,554 

 2004 (5) 

 Phipps Plaza 

 Atlanta, GA 

 — 

 16,725 

 210,610 

 2,225 

 37,651 

 18,950 

 248,261 

 267,211 

 99,917 

 1998 (4) 

 Plaza Carolina 

 Carolina (San Juan), PR 

 180,271 

 15,493 

 279,560 

 — 

 47,922 

 15,493 

 327,482 

 342,975 

 87,560 

 2004 (4) 

 Port Charlotte Town Center 

 Port Charlotte, FL 

 47,074 

 5,471 

 58,570 

 — 

 15,535 

 5,471 

 74,105 

 79,576 

 37,559 

 1989 

 Prien Lake Mall 

 Lake Charles, LA 

 — 

 1,842 

 2,813 

 3,053 

 40,794 

 4,895 

 43,607 

 48,502 

 23,019 

 1972 

 Richmond Town Square 

 Richmond Heights (Cleveland), OH 

 — 

 2,600 

 12,112 

 — 

 55,979 

 2,600 

 68,091 

 70,691 

 49,129 

 1966 

 River Oaks Center 

 Calumet City (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 30,560 

 101,224 

 — 

 12,187 

 30,560 

 113,411 

 143,971 

 52,256 

 1997 (4) 

 Rockaway Townsquare 

 Rockaway (New York), NJ 

 — 

 41,918 

 212,257 

 — 

 39,672 

 41,918 

 251,929 

 293,847 

 97,163 

 1998 (4) 

 Rolling Oaks Mall 

 San Antonio, TX 

 — 

 1,929 

 38,609 

 — 

 13,768 

 1,929 

 52,377 

 54,306 

 30,420 

 1988 

 Roosevelt Field 

 Garden City (New York), NY 

 — 

 163,160 

 702,008 

 48 

 48,594 

 163,208 

 750,602 

 913,810 

 300,608 

 1998 (4) 

 Ross Park Mall 

 Pittsburgh, PA 

 — 

 23,541 

 90,203 

 — 

 85,760 

 23,541 

 175,963 

 199,504 

 80,243 

 1986 

 Rushmore Mall 

 Rapid City, SD 

 94,000 

 18,839 

 67,364 

 — 

 662 

 18,839 

 68,026 

 86,865 

 4,410 

 1998 (5) 

 Santa Rosa Plaza 

 Santa Rosa, CA 

 — 

 10,400 

 87,864 

 — 

 24,670 

 10,400 

 112,534 

 122,934 

 42,272 

 1998 (4) 

 Shops at Riverside, The 

 Hackensack (New York), NJ 

 130,000 

 13,521 

 238,746 

 — 

 2,629 

 13,521 

 241,375 

 254,896 

 7,283 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 South Hills Village 

 Pittsburgh, PA 

 — 

 23,445 

 125,840 

 1,472 

 43,463 

 24,917 

 169,303 

 194,220 

 63,938 

 1997 (4) 

 South Shore Plaza 

 Braintree (Boston), MA 

 — 

 101,200 

 301,495 

 — 

 156,347 

 101,200 

 457,842 

 559,042 

 148,427 

 1998 (4) 

 Southdale Center 

 Edina (Minneapolis), MN 

 152,834 

 43,154 

 184,967 

 — 

 28,426 

 43,154 

 213,393 

 256,547 

 5,976 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Southern Hills Mall 

 Sioux City, IA 

 101,500 

 15,025 

 75,984 

 — 

 483 

 15,025 

 76,467 

 91,492 

 4,204 

 1998 (5) 

 Southern Park Mall 

 Youngstown, OH 

 — 

 16,982 

 77,767 

 97 

 26,514 

 17,079 

 104,281 

 121,360 

 49,986 

 1970 

 SouthPark 

 Charlotte, NC 

 191,933 

 42,092 

 188,055 

 100 

 169,654 

 42,192 

 357,709 

 399,901 

 131,496 

 2002 (4) 

 Southridge Mall 

 Greendale (Milwaukee), WI 

 124,000 

 12,284 

 129,411 

 2,389 

 14,879 

 14,673 

 144,290 

 158,963 

 5,067 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 54 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 St. Charles Towne Center 

 Waldorf (Washington, D.C.), MD 

 — 

 7,710 

 52,934 

 1,180 

 30,482 

 8,890 

 83,416 

 92,306 

 44,345 

 1990 

 Stanford Shopping Center 

 Palo Alto (San Francisco), CA 

 240,000 

 — 

 339,537 

 — 

 14,593 

 — 

 354,130 

 354,130 

 100,075 

 2003 (4) 

 Summit Mall 

 Akron, OH 

 65,000 

 15,374 

 51,137 

 — 

 45,290 

 15,374 

 96,427 

 111,801 

 40,458 

 1965 

 Sunland Park Mall 

 El Paso, TX 

 29,626 

 2,896 

 28,900 

 — 

 9,462 

 2,896 

 38,362 

 41,258 

 24,744 

 1988 

 Tacoma Mall 

 Tacoma (Seattle), WA 

 — 

 37,803 

 125,826 

 — 

 83,980 

 37,803 

 209,806 

 247,609 

 84,581 

 1987 

 Tippecanoe Mall 

 Lafayette, IN 

 — 

 2,897 

 8,439 

 5,517 

 46,612 

 8,414 

 55,051 

 63,465 

 36,266 

 1973 

 Town Center at Aurora 

 Aurora (Denver), CO 

 — 

 9,959 

 56,832 

 6 

 57,375 

 9,965 

 114,207 

 124,172 

 54,298 

 1998 (4) 

 Town Center at Boca Raton 

 Boca Raton (Miami), FL 

 — 

 64,200 

 307,317 

 — 

 163,508 

 64,200 

 470,825 

 535,025 

 183,348 

 1998 (4) 

 Town Center at Cobb 

 Kennesaw (Atlanta), GA 

 200,000 

 32,355 

 158,225 

 — 

 17,561 

 32,355 

 175,786 

 208,141 

 72,445 

 1998 (5) 

 Towne East Square 

 Wichita, KS 

 — 

 8,525 

 18,479 

 4,108 

 43,045 

 12,633 

 61,524 

 74,157 

 36,939 

 1975 

 Towne West Square 

 Wichita, KS 

 49,998 

 972 

 21,203 

 61 

 13,061 

 1,033 

 34,264 

 35,297 

 22,329 

 1980 

 Treasure Coast Square 

 Jensen Beach, FL 

 — 

 11,124 

 72,990 

 3,067 

 37,072 

 14,191 

 110,062 

 124,253 

 51,005 

 1987 

 Tyrone Square 

 St. Petersburg (Tampa), FL 

 — 

 15,638 

 120,962 

 — 

 32,185 

 15,638 

 153,147 

 168,785 

 70,132 

 1972 

 University Park Mall 

 Mishawaka, IN 

 — 

 16,768 

 112,158 

 7,000 

 53,686 

 23,768 

 165,844 

 189,612 

 118,204 

 1996 (4) 

 Upper Valley Mall 

 Springfield, OH 

 44,060 

 8,421 

 38,745 

 — 

 10,746 

 8,421 

 49,491 

 57,912 

 23,549 

 1979 

 Valle Vista Mall 

 Harlingen, TX 

 40,000 

 1,398 

 17,159 

 329 

 20,701 

 1,727 

 37,860 

 39,587 

 22,531 

 1983 

 Virginia Center Commons 

 Glen Allen, VA 

 — 

 9,764 

 50,547 

 4,149 

 14,528 

 13,913 

 65,075 

 78,988 

 27,445 

 1991 

 Walt Whitman Shops 

 Huntington Station (New York), NY 

 118,262 

 51,700 

 111,258 

 3,789 

 74,283 

 55,489 

 185,541 

 241,030 

 74,742 

 1998 (4) 

 Washington Square 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 25,749 

 6,319 

 36,495 

 — 

 11,673 

 6,319 

 48,168 

 54,487 

 45,266 

 1974 

 West Ridge Mall 

 Topeka, KS 

 65,778 

 5,453 

 34,132 

 1,168 

 23,810 

 6,621 

 57,942 

 64,563 

 31,382 

 1988 

 Westminster Mall 

 Westminster (Los Angeles), CA 

 — 

 43,464 

 84,709 

 — 

 34,387 

 43,464 

 119,096 

 162,560 

 47,449 

 1998 (4) 

 White Oaks Mall 

 Springfield, IL 

 50,000 

 3,024 

 35,692 

 2,102 

 54,921 

 5,126 

 90,613 

 95,739 

 35,220 

 1977 

 Wolfchase Galleria 

 Memphis, TN 

 225,000 

 15,881 

 128,276 

 — 

 11,197 

 15,881 

 139,473 

 155,354 

 64,214 

 2002 (4) 

 Woodland Hills Mall 

 Tulsa, OK 

 94,036 

 34,211 

 187,123 

 — 

 15,645 

 34,211 

 202,768 

 236,979 

 83,941 

 2004 (5) 

 Premium Outlets 

 Albertville Premium Outlets 

 Albertville (Minneapolis), MN 

 — 

 3,900 

 97,059 

 — 

 4,771 

 3,900 

 101,830 

 105,730 

 33,371 

 2004 (4) 

 Allen Premium Outlets 

 Allen (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 13,855 

 43,687 

 97 

 13,640 

 13,952 

 57,327 

 71,279 

 20,626 

 2004 (4) 

 Aurora Farms Premium Outlets 

 Aurora (Cleveland), OH 

 — 

 2,370 

 24,326 

 — 

 3,801 

 2,370 

 28,127 

 30,497 

 16,611 

 2004 (4) 

 55 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Birch Run Premium Outlets 

 Birch Run (Detroit), MI 

 105,967 

 11,560 

 77,856 

 — 

 2,185 

 11,560 

 80,041 

 91,601 

 10,066 

 2010 (4) 

 Calhoun Premium Outlets 

 Calhoun, GA 

 20,368 

 1,745 

 12,529 

 — 

 223 

 1,745 

 12,752 

 14,497 

 3,408 

 2010 (4) 

 Camarillo Premium Outlets 

 Camarillo (Los Angeles), CA 

 — 

 16,670 

 224,721 

 482 

 63,684 

 17,152 

 288,405 

 305,557 

 76,517 

 2004 (4) 

 Carlsbad Premium Outlets 

 Carlsbad (San Diego), CA 

 — 

 12,890 

 184,990 

 96 

 2,768 

 12,986 

 187,758 

 200,744 

 49,589 

 2004 (4) 

 Carolina Premium Outlets 

 Smithfield (Raleigh), NC 

 50,423 

 3,175 

 59,863 

 5,311 

 3,719 

 8,486 

 63,582 

 72,068 

 24,339 

 2004 (4) 

 Chicago Premium Outlets 

 Aurora (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 659 

 118,005 

 — 

 3,926 

 659 

 121,931 

 122,590 

 42,486 

 2004 (4) 

 Cincinnati Premium Outlets 

 Monroe (Cincinnati), OH 

 — 

 14,117 

 71,520 

 — 

 4,318 

 14,117 

 75,838 

 89,955 

 13,306 

 2008 

 Clinton Crossing Premium Outlets 

 Clinton, CT 

 — 

 2,060 

 107,556 

 1,532 

 2,340 

 3,592 

 109,896 

 113,488 

 34,390 

 2004 (4) 

 Columbia Gorge Premium Outlets 

 Troutdale (Portland), OR 

 — 

 7,900 

 16,492 

 — 

 2,797 

 7,900 

 19,289 

 27,189 

 8,939 

 2004 (4) 

 Desert Hills Premium Outlets 

 Cabazon (Palm Springs), CA 

 — 

 3,440 

 338,679 

 — 

 9,236 

 3,440 

 347,915 

 351,355 

 87,907 

 2004 (4) 

 Edinburgh Premium Outlets 

 Edinburgh (Indianapolis), IN 

 — 

 2,857 

 47,309 

 — 

 12,565 

 2,857 

 59,874 

 62,731 

 21,592 

 2004 (4) 

 Ellenton Premium Outlets 

 Ellenton (Tampa), FL 

 104,311 

 15,807 

 182,412 

 — 

 2,749 

 15,807 

 185,161 

 200,968 

 25,617 

 2010 (4) 

 Folsom Premium Outlets 

 Folsom (Sacramento), CA 

 — 

 9,060 

 50,281 

 — 

 3,751 

 9,060 

 54,032 

 63,092 

 21,344 

 2004 (4) 

 Gaffney Premium Outlets 

 Gaffney (Greenville/Charlotte), SC 

 36,964 

 4,056 

 32,371 

 — 

 1,417 

 4,056 

 33,788 

 37,844 

 5,084 

 2010 (4) 

 Gilroy Premium Outlets 

 Gilroy (San Jose), CA 

 — 

 9,630 

 194,122 

 — 

 6,743 

 9,630 

 200,865 

 210,495 

 61,503 

 2004 (4) 

 Grand Prairie Premium Outlets 

 Grand Prairie (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 9,497 

 201,586 

 — 

 — 

 9,497 

 201,586 

 211,083 

 1,581 

 2012 

 Grove City Premium Outlets 

 Grove City (Pittsburgh), PA 

 112,611 

 6,421 

 121,880 

 — 

 1,049 

 6,421 

 122,929 

 129,350 

 18,480 

 2010 (4) 

 Gulfport Premium Outlets 

 Gulfport, MS 

 25,124 

 — 

 27,949 

 — 

 756 

 — 

 28,705 

 28,705 

 4,716 

 2010 (4) 

 56 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Hagerstown Premium Outlets 

 Hagerstown (Baltimore/Washington DC), MD 

 89,037 

 3,576 

 85,883 

 — 

 355 

 3,576 

 86,238 

 89,814 

 10,973 

 2010 (4) 

 Houston Premium Outlets 

 Cypress (Houston), TX 

 — 

 9,090 

 69,350 

 — 

 47,261 

 9,090 

 116,611 

 125,701 

 21,868 

 2007 

 Jackson Premium Outlets 

 Jackson (New York), NJ 

 — 

 6,413 

 104,013 

 3 

 4,554 

 6,416 

 108,567 

 114,983 

 28,934 

 2004 (4) 

 Jersey Shore Premium Outlets 

 Tinton Falls (New York), NJ 

 69,882 

 15,390 

 50,979 

 — 

 74,770 

 15,390 

 125,749 

 141,139 

 24,880 

 2007 

 Johnson Creek Premium Outlets 

 Johnson Creek, WI 

 — 

 2,800 

 39,546 

 — 

 5,785 

 2,800 

 45,331 

 48,131 

 13,963 

 2004 (4) 

 Kittery Premium Outlets 

 Kittery, ME 

 — 

 11,832 

 94,994 

 — 

 6,525 

 11,832 

 101,519 

 113,351 

 25,052 

 2004 (4) 

 Las Americas Premium Outlets 

 San Diego, CA 

 180,000 

 45,168 

 251,878 

 — 

 5,673 

 45,168 

 257,551 

 302,719 

 40,325 

 2007 (4) 

 Las Vegas Premium Outlets — North 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 — 

 25,435 

 134,973 

 16,536 

 68,054 

 41,971 

 203,027 

 244,998 

 58,867 

 2004 (4) 

 Las Vegas Premium Outlets — South 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 — 

 13,085 

 160,777 

 — 

 22,512 

 13,085 

 183,289 

 196,374 

 41,640 

 2004 (4) 

 Lebanon Premium Outlets 

 Lebanon (Nashville), TN 

 15,447 

 1,758 

 10,189 

 — 

 839 

 1,758 

 11,028 

 12,786 

 1,955 

 2010 (4) 

 Lee Premium Outlets 

 Lee, MA 

 50,844 

 9,167 

 52,212 

 — 

 851 

 9,167 

 53,063 

 62,230 

 8,290 

 2010 (4) 

 Leesburg Corner Premium Outlets 

 Leesburg (Washington D.C.), VA 

 — 

 7,190 

 162,023 

 — 

 3,734 

 7,190 

 165,757 

 172,947 

 53,590 

 2004 (4) 

 Liberty Village Premium Outlets 

 Flemington (New York), NJ 

 — 

 5,670 

 28,904 

 — 

 1,904 

 5,670 

 30,808 

 36,478 

 14,388 

 2004 (4) 

 Lighthouse Place Premium Outlets 

 Michigan City, IN 

 — 

 6,630 

 94,138 

 — 

 7,570 

 6,630 

 101,708 

 108,338 

 37,036 

 2004 (4) 

 Livermore Premium Outlets 

 Livermore (San Francisco), CA 

 — 

 21,925 

 310,941 

 — 

 — 

 21,925 

 310,941 

 332,866 

 1,401 

 2012 

 Merrimack Premium Outlets 

 Merrimack, NH 

 — 

 17,028 

 118,428 

 — 

 — 

 17,028 

 118,428 

 135,456 

 3,125 

 2012 

 Napa Premium Outlets 

 Napa, CA 

 — 

 11,400 

 45,023 

 — 

 2,370 

 11,400 

 47,393 

 58,793 

 16,094 

 2004 (4) 

 North Bend Premium Outlets 

 North Bend (Seattle), WA 

 — 

 2,143 

 36,197 

 — 

 2,498 

 2,143 

 38,695 

 40,838 

 10,248 

 2004 (4) 

 57 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 North Georgia Premium Outlets 

 Dawsonville (Atlanta), GA 

 — 

 4,300 

 132,325 

 — 

 1,903 

 4,300 

 134,228 

 138,528 

 41,324 

 2004 (4) 

 Orlando Premium Outlets — International Dr 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 32,727 

 472,815 

 — 

 1,944 

 32,727 

 474,759 

 507,486 

 44,992 

 2010 (4) 

 Orlando Premium Outlets — Vineland Ave 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 14,040 

 304,410 

 20,808 

 47,276 

 34,848 

 351,686 

 386,534 

 85,753 

 2004 (4) 

 Osage Beach Premium Outlets 

 Osage Beach, MO 

 — 

 9,460 

 85,804 

 — 

 5,419 

 9,460 

 91,223 

 100,683 

 30,680 

 2004 (4) 

 Petaluma Village Premium Outlets 

 Petaluma (San Francisco), CA 

 — 

 13,322 

 13,710 

 — 

 235 

 13,322 

 13,945 

 27,267 

 8,466 

 2004 (4) 

 Philadelphia Premium Outlets 

 Limerick (Philadelphia), PA 

 — 

 16,676 

 105,249 

 — 

 15,621 

 16,676 

 120,870 

 137,546 

 31,542 

 2006 

 Pismo Beach Premium Outlets 

 Pismo Beach, CA 

 33,850 

 4,317 

 19,044 

 — 

 962 

 4,317 

 20,006 

 24,323 

 3,817 

 2010 (4) 

 Pleasant Prairie Premium Outlets 

 Pleasant Prairie (Chicago, IL — Milwaukee), WI 

 96,364 

 16,823 

 126,686 

 — 

 2,477 

 16,823 

 129,163 

 145,986 

 14,405 

 2010 (4) 

 Puerto Rico Premium Outlets 

 Barceloneta, PR 

 72,152 

 20,586 

 114,021 

 — 

 1,577 

 20,586 

 115,598 

 136,184 

 13,429 

 2010 (4) 

 Queenstown Premium Outlets 

 Queenstown (Baltimore), MD 

 66,150 

 8,129 

 61,950 

 — 

 1,732 

 8,129 

 63,682 

 71,811 

 7,454 

 2010 (4) 

 Rio Grande Valley Premium Outlets 

 Mercedes (McAllen), TX 

 — 

 12,229 

 41,547 

 — 

 33,555 

 12,229 

 75,102 

 87,331 

 23,300 

 2005 

 Round Rock Premium Outlets 

 Round Rock (Austin), TX 

 — 

 14,706 

 82,252 

 — 

 748 

 14,706 

 83,000 

 97,706 

 28,133 

 2005 

 San Marcos Premium Outlets 

 San Marcos (Austin — San Antonio), TX 

 142,834 

 13,180 

 287,179 

 — 

 1,513 

 13,180 

 288,692 

 301,872 

 27,599 

 2010 (4) 

 Seattle Premium Outlets 

 Tulalip (Seattle), WA 

 — 

 — 

 103,722 

 — 

 33,750 

 — 

 137,472 

 137,472 

 36,061 

 2004 (4) 

 St. Augustine Premium Outlets 

 St. Augustine (Jacksonville), FL 

 — 

 6,090 

 57,670 

 2 

 8,070 

 6,092 

 65,740 

 71,832 

 23,677 

 2004 (4) 

 58 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 The Crossings Premium Outlets 

 Tannersville, PA 

 115,000 

 7,720 

 172,931 

 — 

 10,764 

 7,720 

 183,695 

 191,415 

 49,419 

 2004 (4) 

 Vacaville Premium Outlets 

 Vacaville, CA 

 — 

 9,420 

 84,850 

 — 

 9,299 

 9,420 

 94,149 

 103,569 

 34,681 

 2004 (4) 

 Waikele Premium Outlets 

 Waipahu (Honolulu), HI 

 — 

 22,630 

 77,316 

 — 

 3,977 

 22,630 

 81,293 

 103,923 

 27,338 

 2004 (4) 

 Waterloo Premium Outlets 

 Waterloo, NY 

 — 

 3,230 

 75,277 

 — 

 6,954 

 3,230 

 82,231 

 85,461 

 29,648 

 2004 (4) 

 Williamsburg Premium Outlets 

 Williamsburg, VA 

 102,862 

 10,323 

 223,789 

 — 

 995 

 10,323 

 224,784 

 235,107 

 21,926 

 2010 (4) 

 Woodbury Common Premium Outlets 

 Central Valley (New York), NY 

 — 

 11,110 

 862,559 

 1,658 

 15,264 

 12,768 

 877,823 

 890,591 

 229,166 

 2004 (4) 

 Wrentham Village Premium Outlets 

 Wrentham (Boston), MA 

 — 

 4,900 

 282,031 

 — 

 7,897 

 4,900 

 289,928 

 294,828 

 82,913 

 2004 (4) 

 The Mills 

 Great Mall 

 Milpitas (San Jose), CA 

 270,000 

 70,496 

 463,101 

 — 

 2,611 

 70,496 

 465,712 

 536,208 

 13,733 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Gurnee Mills 

 Gurnee (Chicago), IL 

 321,000 

 41,133 

 297,911 

 — 

 427 

 41,133 

 298,338 

 339,471 

 9,121 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Opry Mills 

 Nashville, TN 

 383,925 

 51,000 

 327,503 

 — 

 6,750 

 51,000 

 334,253 

 385,253 

 9,324 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Potomac Mills 

 Woodbridge (Washington, D.C.), VA 

 410,000 

 61,771 

 425,370 

 — 

 12,577 

 61,771 

 437,947 

 499,718 

 13,339 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Sawgrass Mills 

 Sunrise (Miami), FL 

 820,000 

 194,002 

 1,638,612 

 — 

 18,484 

 194,002 

 1,657,096 

 1,851,098 

 46,697 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Community/Lifestyle Centers 

 ABQ Uptown 

 Albuquerque, NM 

 — 

 6,374 

 75,333 

 4,054 

 2,207 

 10,428 

 77,540 

 87,968 

 4,440 

 2011 (4) 

 Arboretum 

 Austin, TX 

 — 

 7,640 

 36,774 

 71 

 12,434 

 7,711 

 49,208 

 56,919 

 19,781 

 1998 (4) 

 Bloomingdale Court 

 Bloomingdale (Chicago), IL 

 25,562 

 8,422 

 26,184 

 — 

 12,718 

 8,422 

 38,902 

 47,324 

 20,772 

 1987 

 59 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Charles Towne Square 

 Charleston, SC 

 — 

 — 

 1,768 

 370 

 10,636 

 370 

 12,404 

 12,774 

 9,008 

 1976 

 Chesapeake Center 

 Chesapeake (Virginia Beach), VA 

 — 

 4,410 

 11,241 

 — 

 — 

 4,410 

 11,241 

 15,651 

 7,126 

 1989 

 Concord Mills Marketplace 

 Concord (Charlotte), NC 

 12,492 

 8,261 

 21,717 

 — 

 — 

 8,261 

 21,717 

 29,978 

 703 

 2007 (4) (5) (6) 

 Countryside Plaza 

 Countryside (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 332 

 8,507 

 2,554 

 9,898 

 2,886 

 18,405 

 21,291 

 9,558 

 1977 

 Dare Centre 

 Kill Devil Hills, NC 

 — 

 — 

 5,702 

 — 

 336 

 — 

 6,038 

 6,038 

 1,801 

 2004 (4) 

 DeKalb Plaza 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia), PA 

 2,530 

 1,955 

 3,405 

 — 

 1,182 

 1,955 

 4,587 

 6,542 

 2,284 

 2003 (4) 

 Empire East 

 Sioux Falls, SD 

 — 

 3,350 

 10,552 

 — 

 1,151 

 3,350 

 11,703 

 15,053 

 451 

 1998 (5) 

 Forest Plaza 

 Rockford, IL 

 18,074 

 4,132 

 16,818 

 453 

 12,329 

 4,585 

 29,147 

 33,732 

 13,292 

 1985 

 Gateway Centers 

 Austin, TX 

 — 

 24,549 

 81,437 

 — 

 11,282 

 24,549 

 92,719 

 117,268 

 30,691 

 2004 (4) 

 Great Lakes Plaza 

 Mentor (Cleveland), OH 

 — 

 1,028 

 2,025 

 — 

 3,820 

 1,028 

 5,845 

 6,873 

 2,242 

 1976 

 Greenwood Plus 

 Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN 

 — 

 1,129 

 1,792 

 — 

 4,568 

 1,129 

 6,360 

 7,489 

 3,488 

 1979 

 Henderson Square 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia), PA 

 13,632 

 4,223 

 15,124 

 — 

 838 

 4,223 

 15,962 

 20,185 

 4,341 

 2003 (4) 

 Highland Lakes Center 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 7,138 

 25,284 

 — 

 2,118 

 7,138 

 27,402 

 34,540 

 20,064 

 1991 

 Keystone Shoppes 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 — 

 — 

 4,232 

 2,118 

 1,317 

 2,118 

 5,549 

 7,667 

 2,309 

 1997 (4) 

 Lake Plaza 

 Waukegan (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 2,487 

 6,420 

 — 

 1,173 

 2,487 

 7,593 

 10,080 

 4,271 

 1986 

 Lake View Plaza 

 Orland Park (Chicago), IL 

 15,618 

 4,702 

 17,543 

 — 

 13,211 

 4,702 

 30,754 

 35,456 

 16,390 

 1986 

 Lakeline Plaza 

 Cedar Park (Austin), TX 

 16,933 

 5,822 

 30,875 

 — 

 8,913 

 5,822 

 39,788 

 45,610 

 17,475 

 1998 

 Lima Center 

 Lima, OH 

 — 

 1,781 

 5,151 

 — 

 7,850 

 1,781 

 13,001 

 14,782 

 6,334 

 1978 

 Lincoln Crossing 

 O'Fallon (St. Louis), IL 

 — 

 674 

 2,192 

 — 

 845 

 674 

 3,037 

 3,711 

 1,558 

 1990 

 Lincoln Plaza 

 King of Prussia (Philadelphia), PA 

 — 

 — 

 21,299 

 — 

 3,483 

 — 

 24,782 

 24,782 

 12,071 

 2003 (4) 

 MacGregor Village 

 Cary, NC 

 — 

 502 

 8,897 

 — 

 320 

 502 

 9,217 

 9,719 

 2,264 

 2004 (4) 

 Mall of Georgia Crossing 

 Buford (Atlanta), GA 

 24,934 

 9,506 

 32,892 

 — 

 960 

 9,506 

 33,852 

 43,358 

 15,014 

 2004 (5) 

 Markland Plaza 

 Kokomo, IN 

 — 

 206 

 738 

 — 

 6,180 

 206 

 6,918 

 7,124 

 3,649 

 1974 

 Martinsville Plaza 

 Martinsville, VA 

 — 

 — 

 584 

 — 

 461 

 — 

 1,045 

 1,045 

 818 

 1967 

 Matteson Plaza 

 Matteson (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 1,771 

 9,737 

 — 

 3,577 

 1,771 

 13,314 

 15,085 

 7,640 

 1988 

 Muncie Towne Plaza 

 Muncie, IN 

 7,039 

 267 

 10,509 

 87 

 1,836 

 354 

 12,345 

 12,699 

 5,712 

 1998 

 Naples Outlet Center 

 Naples, FL 

 16,005 

 1,514 

 519 

 — 

 14 

 1,514 

 533 

 2,047 

 300 

 2010 (4) 

 New Castle Plaza 

 New Castle, IN 

 — 

 128 

 1,621 

 — 

 1,511 

 128 

 3,132 

 3,260 

 1,749 

 1966 

 North Ridge Plaza 

 Joliet (Chicago), IL 

 — 

 2,831 

 7,699 

 — 

 4,510 

 2,831 

 12,209 

 15,040 

 6,454 

 1985 

 North Ridge Shopping Center 

 Raleigh, NC 

 12,500 

 385 

 12,838 

 — 

 1,075 

 385 

 13,913 

 14,298 

 3,388 

 2004 (4) 

 60 

 SCHEDULE III 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

December 31, 2012

(Dollars in thousands) 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (3) 

 Gross Amounts At Which

Carried At Close of Period 

 Initial Cost (3) 

 Date of

Construction

or

Acquisition 

 Name

 Location 

 Encumbrances (7) 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Land 

 Buildings and

Improvements 

 Total (1) 

 Accumulated

Depreciation (2) 

 Northwood Plaza 

 Fort Wayne, IN 

 — 

 148 

 1,414 

 — 

 1,990 

 148 

 3,404 

 3,552 

 2,192 

 1974 

 Palms Crossing 

 McAllen, TX 

 37,747 

 13,496 

 45,925 

 — 

 9,252 

 13,496 

 55,177 

 68,673 

 13,279 

 2006 

 Regency Plaza 

 St. Charles (St. Louis), MO 

 — 

 616 

 4,963 

 — 

 582 

 616 

 5,545 

 6,161 

 2,987 

 1988 

 Richardson Square 

 Richardson (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 6,285 

 — 

 990 

 15,137 

 7,275 

 15,137 

 22,412 

 2,601 

 1977 

 Rockaway Commons 

 Rockaway (New York), NJ 

 — 

 5,149 

 26,435 

 — 

 8,289 

 5,149 

 34,724 

 39,873 

 10,859 

 1998 (4) 

 Rockaway Town Plaza 

 Rockaway (New York), NJ 

 — 

 — 

 18,698 

 2,225 

 3,089 

 2,225 

 21,787 

 24,012 

 5,380 

 2004 

 Shops at Arbor Walk, The 

 Austin, TX 

 42,662 

 930 

 42,546 

 — 

 4,871 

 930 

 47,417 

 48,347 

 10,709 

 2005 

 Shops at North East Mall, The 

 Hurst (Dallas), TX 

 — 

 12,541 

 28,177 

 402 

 4,770 

 12,943 

 32,947 

 45,890 

 17,475 

 1999 

 St. Charles Towne Plaza 

 Waldorf (Washington, D.C.), MD 

 — 

 8,377 

 18,993 

 — 

 3,952 

 8,377 

 22,945 

 31,322 

 12,341 

 1987 

 Terrace at the Florida Mall 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 2,150 

 7,623 

 — 

 5,457 

 2,150 

 13,080 

 15,230 

 6,546 

 1989 

 Tippecanoe Plaza 

 Lafayette, IN 

 — 

 — 

 745 

 234 

 5,231 

 234 

 5,976 

 6,210 

 3,639 

 1974 

 University Center 

 Mishawaka, IN 

 — 

 3,071 

 7,413 

 — 

 1,954 

 3,071 

 9,367 

 12,438 

 8,398 

 1980 

 Washington Plaza 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 — 

 941 

 1,697 

 — 

 1,220 

 941 

 2,917 

 3,858 

 2,615 

 1976 

 Waterford Lakes Town Center 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 8,679 

 72,836 

 — 

 15,723 

 8,679 

 88,559 

 97,238 

 43,632 

 1999 

 West Ridge Plaza 

 Topeka, KS 

 — 

 1,376 

 4,560 

 — 

 2,380 

 1,376 

 6,940 

 8,316 

 3,571 

 1988 

 White Oaks Plaza 

 Springfield, IL 

 14,079 

 3,169 

 14,267 

 — 

 4,140 

 3,169 

 18,407 

 21,576 

 8,916 

 1986 

 Wolf Ranch Town Center 

 Georgetown (Austin), TX 

 — 

 21,403 

 51,547 

 — 

 10,847 

 21,403 

 62,394 

 83,797 

 16,969 

 2004 

 Other Properties 

 Factory Stores of America — Lebanon 

 Lebanon, MO 

 — 

 24 

 214 

 — 

 41 

 24 

 255 

 279 

 222 

 2004 (4) 

 Florida Keys Outlet Center 

 Florida City, FL 

 10,645 

 1,560 

 1,748 

 — 

 863 

 1,560 

 2,611 

 4,171 

 759 

 2010 (4) 

 Huntley Outlet Center 

 Huntley, IL 

 29,776 

 3,495 

 2,027 

 — 

 273 

 3,495 

 2,300 

 5,795 

 503 

 2010 (4) 

 Outlet Marketplace 

 Orlando, FL 

 — 

 3,367 

 1,557 

 — 

 92 

 3,367 

 1,649 

 5,016 

 550 

 2010 (4) 

 The Shoppes at Branson Meadows 

 Branson, MO 

 — 

 — 

 5,205 

 — 

 640 

 — 

 5,845 

 5,845 

 2,149 

 2004 (4) 

 Development Projects 

 Phoenix Premium Outlet 

 Chandler (Phoenix), AZ 

 — 

 — 

 19,315 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 19,315 

 19,315 

 — 

 Other pre-development costs 

 — 

 115,220 

 66,662 

 — 

 — 

 115,220 

 66,662 

 181,882 

 1,822 

 Other 

 — 

 2,614 

 9,343 

 — 

 908 

 2,614 

 10,251 

 12,865 

 1,989 

 $ 

 8,018,252 

 3,486,463 

 $ 

 24,763,596 

 $ 

 250,419 

 $ 

 5,423,899 

 $ 

 3,736,882 

 $ 

 30,187,495 

 $ 

 33,924,377 

 $ 

 8,836,695 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 Simon Property Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 
 Notes to Schedule III as of December 31, 2012
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (1) Reconciliation of Real Estate Properties: 

 The changes in real estate assets for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010 are as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance, beginning of year 

 $ 

 29,333,330 

 $ 

 27,192,223 

 $ 

 25,023,715 

 Acquisitions and consolidations (5) 

 4,438,848 

 2,068,452 

 2,200,102 

 Improvements 

 833,083 

 552,455 

 273,255 

 Disposals and deconsolidations 

 (680,884 

 ) 

 (479,800 

 ) 

 (304,849 

 ) 

 Balance, close of year 

 $ 

 33,924,377 

 $ 

 29,333,330 

 $ 

 27,192,223 

 The
unaudited aggregate cost of real estate assets for federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2012 was $27,028,879. We utilize bonus depreciation for tax purposes when
available. 

 (2) Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation: 

 The changes in accumulated depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010 are as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance, beginning of year 

 $ 

 8,148,170 

 $ 

 7,485,821 

 $ 

 6,806,670 

 Depreciation expense 

 1,069,607 

 906,554 

 874,450 

 Disposals and deconsolidations 

 (381,082 

 ) 

 (244,205 

 ) 

 (195,299 

 ) 

 Balance, close of year 

 $ 

 8,836,695 

 $ 

 8,148,170 

 $ 

 7,485,821 

 Depreciation
of our investment in buildings and improvements reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income is calculated over the estimated original
lives of the assets as noted below. 

 • Buildings and Improvements — typically 10-40 years for the structure, 15 years for landscaping and
parking lot, and 10 years for HVAC equipment. 

 • Tenant Allowances and Improvements — shorter of lease term or useful life.

 (3) Initial cost generally represents net book value at December 20, 1993, except for acquired properties and new
developments after December 20, 1993. Initial cost also includes any new developments that are opened during the current year. Costs of disposals and impairments of property are first reflected as a
reduction to cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition.

 (4) Not developed/constructed by us or our predecessors. The date of construction represents the initial
acquisition date for assets in which we have acquired multiple interests.

 (5) Initial cost for these properties is the cost at the date of consolidation for properties previously accounted
for under the equity method of accounting.

 (6) Amounts represent preliminary purchase price allocation and are subject to change upon finalization.

 (7) Encumbrances represent face amount of mortgage debt and exclude any premiums or discounts. 
 62 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibits 

 3.1 

 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant's Proxy
Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 27, 2009). 

 3.2 

 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2009). 

 3.3 

 Certificate of Powers, Designations, Preferences and Rights of the 8 3 / 8 % Series J Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.0001 Par Value (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20, 2004). 

 9.1 

 Second Amended and Restated Voting Trust Agreement, Voting Agreement and Proxy dated as of March 1, 2004 between Melvin Simon
& Associates, Inc., on the one hand and Melvin Simon, Herbert Simon and David Simon on the other hand (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2004). 

 9.2 

 Voting Trust Agreement, Voting Agreement and Proxy dated as of March 1, 2004 between David Simon, Melvin Simon and Herbert Simon
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.2 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2004). 

 10.1 

 Eighth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Simon Property Group, L.P. dated as of May 8, 2008 (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2008). 

 10.2 

 Form of the Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
of the Registrant's Form S-4 filed August 13, 1998 (Reg. No. 333-61399)). 

 10.3 

 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 24, 1998, by and among the Registrant and the persons named therein
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 9, 1998). 

 10.4 

 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 27, 1999 by and among the Registrant and the persons named therein
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed March 24, 2004 (Reg. No. 333-113884)). 

 10.5 

 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 14, 1997, by and between O'Connor Retail Partners, L.P. and Simon DeBartolo
Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed December 7, 2001 (Reg. No. 333-74722)). 

 10.6* 

 Simon Property Group, L.P. Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2012). 

 10.7* 

 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant's 2004 Form 10-K). 

 10.8* 

 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant's 2006 Form 10-K). 

 10.9* 

 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant's 2004 Form 10-K). 

 10.10* 

 Employment Agreement among Richard S. Sokolov, the Registrant, and Simon Property Group Administrative Services Partnership,
L.P. dated January 1, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant's 2007 Form 10-K). 

 10.11* 

 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and David Simon effective as of July 6, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.2 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2011). 

 10.12* 

 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan dated as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2009). 

 10.13* 

 Amendment — 2008 Performance Based-Restricted Stock Agreement dated as of March 6, 2009 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2009). 

 10.14 

 $4,000,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of October 5, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Simon Property Group,
L.P.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 7, 2011). 

 10.15 

 $2,000,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of June 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Simon Property Group,
L.P.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 4, 2012). 

 10.16* 

 Form of Series 2010 LTIP Unit (Three Year Program) Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive
Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2010). 

 10.17* 

 Form of Series 2010 LTIP Unit (Two Year Program) Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2010). 

 10.18* 

 Form of Series 2010 LTIP Unit (One Year Program) Award Agreement under the Simon Property Group, L.P. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2010). 

 10.19* 

 Simon Property Group Series CEO LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2011). 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibits 

 10.20* 

 Form of Simon Property Group Series 2011 LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the
Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2011). 

 10.21* 

 First Amendment to Simon Property Group Series CEO LTIP Unit Award Agreement dated as of December 13, 2011. 

 10.22* 

 Form of Series 2012 LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q filed May 8, 2012). 

 12.1 

 Statement regarding computation of ratios. 

 13.1 

 Selected Financial Data, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Financial
Statements of the Registrant as contained in the Registrant's 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders. 

 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 

 23.1 

 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 

 31.1 

 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

 31.2 

 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

 32 

 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

 101 

 The following materials from the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, formatted in XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language): (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (3) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (4) Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 * Represents
a management contract, or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

 64