# VTR 10-K 申報日 2013-02-19 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0000740260-13-000047
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/740260/000074026013000047/vtr-20121231x10k.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 vtr-20121231x10k.htm
 10-K

 VTR-2012.12.31-10K 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

 x 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 OR 

 ¨ 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 

 Commission File Number 1-10989 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 Delaware 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

 61-1055020 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

 353 N. Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 60654 
 (Zip Code) 

 (877) 483-6827 
 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of Each Class 

 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

 Common Stock, par value $0.25 per share 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No ¨ 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No ¨ 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form 10-K. x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer ¨ 

 Non-accelerated filer ¨ 
 (Do not check if a 
 smaller reporting company) 

 Smaller reporting company ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No x 
 The aggregate market value of shares of the Registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of June 29, 2012, was $18.1 billion. For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all directors, executive officers and 10% beneficial owners of the Registrant have been deemed affiliates. 
 As of February 12, 2013, 291,943,762 shares of the Registrant’s common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 16, 2013 are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10 through 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 Unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us” and “our” and other similar terms in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Ventas, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements regarding our or our tenants’, operators’, borrowers’ or managers’ expected future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment opportunities, dispositions, merger integration, growth opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), plans and objectives of management for future operations, and statements that include words such as “anticipate,” “if,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “will,” and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from our expectations. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. 
 Our actual future results and trends may differ materially from expectations depending on a variety of factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These factors include without limitation: 

 • 

 The ability and willingness of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other third parties to satisfy their obligations under their respective contractual arrangements with us, including, in some cases, their obligations to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities; 

 • 

 The ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to maintain the financial strength and liquidity necessary to satisfy their respective obligations and liabilities to third parties, including without limitation obligations under their existing credit facilities and other indebtedness; 

 • 

 Our success in implementing our business strategy and our ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments, including investments in different asset types and outside the United States; 

 • 

 Macroeconomic conditions such as a disruption of or lack of access to the capital markets, changes in the debt rating on U.S. government securities, default or delay in payment by the United States of its obligations, and changes in the federal budget resulting in the reduction or nonpayment of Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates; 

 • 

 The nature and extent of future competition; 

 • 

 The extent of future or pending healthcare reform and regulation, including cost containment measures and changes in reimbursement policies, procedures and rates; 

 • 

 Increases in our borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; 

 • 

 The ability of our operators and managers, as applicable, to comply with laws, rules and regulations in the operation of our properties, to deliver high quality services, to attract and retain qualified personnel and to attract residents and patients; 

 • 

 Changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which we may, from time to time, compete, and the effect of those changes on our revenues, earnings and funding sources; 

 • 

 Our ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend our indebtedness as it becomes due; 

 • 

 Our ability and willingness to maintain our qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; 

 • 

 Final determination of our taxable net income for the year ended December 31, 2012 and for the year ending December 31, 2013 ; 

 • 

 The ability and willingness of our tenants to renew their leases with us upon expiration of the leases, our ability to reposition our properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event we exercise our right to replace an existing tenant, and obligations, including indemnification obligations, we may incur in connection with the replacement of an existing tenant; 

 i 

 • 

 Risks associated with our senior living operating portfolio, such as factors that can cause volatility in our operating income and earnings generated by those properties, including without limitation national and regional economic conditions, costs of food, materials, energy, labor and services, employee benefit costs, insurance costs and professional and general liability claims, and the timely delivery of accurate property-level financial results for those properties; 

 • 

 Changes in U.S. and Canadian currency exchange rates; 

 • 

 Year-over-year changes in the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) and the effect of those changes on the rent escalators contained in our leases, including the rent escalators for two of our master lease agreements with Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Kindred”), and our earnings; 

 • 

 Our ability and the ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to obtain and maintain adequate property, liability and other insurance from reputable, financially stable providers; 

 • 

 The impact of increased operating costs and uninsured professional liability claims on the liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers and the ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to accurately estimate the magnitude of those claims; 

 • 

 Risks associated with our medical office building (“MOB”) portfolio and operations, including our ability to successfully design, develop and manage MOBs, to accurately estimate our costs in fixed fee-for-service projects and to retain key personnel; 

 • 

 The ability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems to remain competitive and financially viable and to attract physicians and physician groups; 

 • 

 Our ability to build, maintain and expand our relationships with existing and prospective hospital and health system clients; 

 • 

 Risks associated with our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including our lack of sole decision-making authority and our reliance on our joint venture partners’ financial condition; 

 • 

 The impact of market or issuer events on the liquidity or value of our investments in marketable securities; 

 • 

 Merger and acquisition activity in the healthcare and seniors housing industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor’s investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers or significant changes in the senior management of our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; and 

 • 

 The impact of litigation or any financial, accounting, legal or regulatory issues that may affect us or our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers. 

 Many of these factors, some of which are described in greater detail under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are beyond our control and the control of our management. 
 Kindred, Brookdale Senior Living, Atria and Sunrise Information 
 Each of Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Brookdale Senior Living”) is subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial information and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial information. The information related to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been derived from SEC filings made by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living, as the case may be, or other publicly available information or was provided to us by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot provide any assurance of its accuracy. We are providing this data for informational purposes only, and you are encouraged to obtain Kindred’s and Brookdale Senior Living’s publicly available filings, which can be found on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Neither Atria Senior Living, Inc. (“Atria”) nor Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (formerly Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. and, together with its subsidiaries, “Sunrise”) is currently subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. The information related to Atria and Sunrise contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been derived from publicly available information or was provided to us by Atria or Sunrise, as the case may be, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot provide any assurance of its accuracy. 

 ii 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 

 Business 

 1 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 23 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 36 

 Item 2. 

 Properties 

 36 

 Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 39 

 Item 4. 

 (Removed and Reserved) 

 39 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 39 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 42 

 Item 7. 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 43 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 78 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 79 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 197 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 197 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information 

 197 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 197 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 197 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 197 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 197 

 Item 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 198 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 199 

 iii 

 PART I 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Ventas, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a REIT with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned more than 1,400 properties, including seniors housing communities, skilled nursing and other facilities, MOBs, and hospitals, in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces, and we had three new properties under development. Our company was incorporated under the laws of Kentucky in 1983, commenced operations in 1985, reorganized as a Delaware corporation in 1987 and is currently headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. 
 We primarily acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. As of December 31, 2012 , we leased 898 properties (excluding MOBs and properties classified as held for sale) to various healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage 223 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. 
 In addition, through our Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. (“Lillibridge”) subsidiary and our ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC (“PMBRES”), we provide MOB management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. From time to time, we also make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
 We conduct our operations through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including “Note 2—Accounting Policies,” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our principal objective is to enhance shareholder value by delivering superior, reliable returns. To achieve this objective, we pursue a business strategy of: (1) generating consistent, reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, well-diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. 
 Generating Consistent, Reliable and Growing Cash Flows 
 Consistent, reliable and growing cash flows from our seniors housing and healthcare assets enable us to pay regular cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase shareholder value through profitable investments. Our ability to generate consistent, reliable and growing cash flows is driven by the combination of steady contractual growth from long-term triple-net leases with our tenants, greater growth potential from our seniors housing operating assets that are subject to management agreements and stable cash flows from our MOBs. 
 Maintaining a Balanced, Well-Diversified Portfolio 
 We believe that maintaining a balanced portfolio of high-quality assets diversified across many key attributes – geographic location, asset type, tenant/manager mix, revenue source and operating model – diminishes the risk that any single factor or event could materially harm our business. Portfolio diversification also reduces our exposure to any individual tenant or manager and makes us less susceptible to single-state regulatory or reimbursement changes, regional climate events and local economic downturns. 
 Preserving Our Financial Strength, Flexibility and Liquidity 
 A strong, flexible balance sheet and excellent liquidity position us favorably to capitalize on strategic growth opportunities in the seniors housing and healthcare industries through acquisitions, investments and development projects. We strive to maintain our financial strength and invest profitably by actively managing our leverage, continuing to lower our cost of capital and preserving our access to multiple sources of liquidity, including unsecured bank debt, mortgage financings and the public debt and equity markets. 

 1 

 2012 Highlights 
 During the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 • 

 We completed $2.7 billion of gross investments, including the acquisitions of: 

 • 

 Cogdell Spencer Inc. (“Cogdell”), with its 71 real estate assets (including properties owned through joint ventures) and its MOB property management business, for an investment of approximately $760 million, including debt; 

 • 

 16 seniors housing communities managed by Sunrise (the “Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities”) for approximately $362 million; 

 • 

 100% of various private investment funds (the “Funds”) previously managed by Lazard Frères Real Estate Investors LLC or its affiliates (“LFREI”), which Funds own a 34% interest in Atria and 3.7 million shares of our common stock; and 

 • 

 Controlling interests in 36 MOBs that that we previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities; 

 • 

 We sold 43 properties and received final repayment on loans receivable and marketable debt securities for aggregate proceeds of approximately $422 million, including certain fees, and recognized a net gain of $81.0 million from the dispositions; 

 • 

 We paid an annual cash dividend on our common stock of $2.48 per share, which represents an 8% increase over the prior year and was paid to stockholders in equal quarterly installments of $0.62 per share; 

 • 

 We issued and sold $2.4 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and entered into a new $180.0 million term loan, collectively having a weighted average stated interest rate of 3.2% and a weighted average maturity at the time of issuance of 7.7 years; 

 • 

 We completed a public offering and sale of 5,980,000 shares of our common stock for aggregate proceeds of $342.5 million; 

 • 

 Of the 89 properties leased to Kindred whose current lease term expires on April 30, 2013, Kindred renewed or entered into a new lease with respect to a total of 35 properties, and we entered into new leases or sale contracts for the remaining 54 properties, the majority of which remain subject to operating transitions and regulatory approvals; and 

 • 

 We redeemed or repaid $780.4 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding unsecured debt, including our 9% senior notes due 2012, 8.25% senior notes due 2012, 6¾% senior notes due 2017, 6½% senior notes due 2016, and unsecured term loan due 2013, and $344.2 million of mortgage debt. 

 2 

 Portfolio Summary 
 The following table summarizes our portfolio of properties and other investments, excluding investments in unconsolidated entities and properties classified as held for sale, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 Real Estate Property Investments 

 Revenues 

 Asset Type 

 # of 
 Properties(1) 

 # of 
 Units/Beds/ 
 Sq. Ft. 
 (2) 

 Real Estate Property Investment, at Cost 

 Percent of 
 Total Real Estate Property Investments 

 Real Estate 
 Property 
 Investment Per Unit/Bed/Sq. Ft. 

 Revenue 
 (3) 

 Percent of Total Revenues 

 Number 
 of 
 States/ 
 Provinces(4) 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Properties 

 Seniors housing communities 

 659 

 56,445 

 $ 

 12,531,820 

 61.2 

 % 

 $ 

 222.0 

 $1,601,501 

 64.5 

 % 

 45 

 Skilled nursing and other facilities 

 381 

 43,711 

 3,033,679 

 14.8 

 69.4 

 346,480 

 13.9 

 41 

 Hospitals 

 47 

 3,878 

 473,737 

 2.3 

 122.2 

 112,720 

 4.5 

 17 

 MOBs (5) 

 300 

 16,107,008 

 3,801,780 

 18.6 

 0.2 

 383,579 

 15.4 

 29 

 Total properties 

 1,387 

 19,841,016 

 96.9 

 % 

 2,444,280 

 98.3 

 % 

 49 

 Other Investments and Income 

 Loans and investments 

 635,002 

 3.1 

 39,913 

 1.6 

 Other 

 1,106 

 0.1 

 Total 

 $ 

 20,476,018 

 100.0 

 % 

 $2,485,299 

 100.0 

 % 

 nm—not meaningful. 

 (1) 

 Excludes 20 seniors housing communities, 14 skilled nursing facilities and 21 MOBs included in investments in unconsolidated entities. Also, excludes six seniors housing communities, nine skilled nursing facilities and four MOBs classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . 

 (2) 

 Seniors housing communities are measured in units; skilled nursing facilities, hospitals and personal care facilities are measured by bed count; and MOBs are measured by square footage. 

 (3) 

 Revenues relate to the actual period of ownership and do not necessarily reflect a full year. 

 (4) 

 As of December 31, 2012 , our consolidated properties were located in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces and, excluding MOBs, were operated or managed by 95 different third-party healthcare operating companies, including the following publicly traded companies: Kindred ( 196 properties); Brookdale ( 148 properties); Emeritus Corporation ( 17 properties) and Capital Senior Living, Inc. ( 12 properties). 

 (5) 

 As of December 31, 2012 , 30 of our consolidated MOBs were leased pursuant to triple-net leases, Lillibridge or PMBRES managed 193 of our consolidated MOBs and 77 of our consolidated MOBs were managed by 14 different third-party managers. Through Lillibridge and PMBRES, we provided management and leasing services to third parties with respect to 82 MOBs as of December 31, 2012 . 

 Seniors Housing and Healthcare Properties 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we owned 1,442 seniors housing and healthcare properties, including investments in unconsolidated entities, but excluding properties classified as held for sale, as follows: 

 Consolidated 
 (100% interest) 

 Consolidated 
 (<100% interest) 

 Unconsolidated 
 (5-25% interest) 

 Total 

 Seniors housing communities 

 648 

 11 

 20 

 679 

 Skilled nursing and other facilities 

 372 

 9 

 14 

 395 

 Hospitals 

 46 

 1 

 — 

 47 

 MOBs 

 272 

 28 

 21 

 321 

 Total 

 1,338 

 49 

 55 

 1,442 

 3 

 Seniors Housing Communities 
 Our seniors housing communities include independent and assisted living communities, continuing care retirement communities and communities providing care for individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia or memory loss. These communities offer studio, one bedroom and two bedroom residential units on a month-to-month basis primarily to elderly individuals requiring various levels of assistance. Basic services for residents of these communities include housekeeping, meals in a central dining area and group activities organized by the staff with input from the residents. More extensive care and personal supervision, at additional fees, are also available for such needs as eating, bathing, grooming, transportation, limited therapeutic programs and medication administration, which allow residents certain conveniences and enable them to live as independently as possible according to their abilities. These services are often met by home health providers, close coordination with the resident’s physician and skilled nursing facilities. Charges for room, board and services are generally paid from private sources. 
 Skilled Nursing and Other Facilities 
 Our skilled nursing facilities provide rehabilitative, restorative, skilled nursing and medical treatment for patients and residents who do not require the high technology, care-intensive, high cost setting of an acute care or rehabilitation hospital. Treatment programs include physical, occupational, speech, respiratory and other therapies, including sub-acute clinical protocols such as wound care and intravenous drug treatment. Charges for these services are generally paid from a combination of government reimbursement and private sources. 
 Our personal care facilities provide specialized care, including supported living services, neurorehabilitation, neurobehavioral management and vocational programs, for persons with acquired or traumatic brain injury. 
 Hospitals 
 Substantially all of our hospitals are operated as long-term acute care hospitals, which have a Medicare average length of stay greater than 25 days and serve medically complex, chronically ill patients who require a high level of monitoring and specialized care, but whose conditions do not necessitate the continued services of an intensive care unit. The operators of these hospitals have the capability to treat patients who suffer from multiple systemic failures or conditions such as neurological disorders, head injuries, brain stem and spinal cord trauma, cerebral vascular accidents, chemical brain injuries, central nervous system disorders, developmental anomalies and cardiopulmonary disorders. Chronic patients often depend on technology for continued life support, such as mechanical ventilators, total parenteral nutrition, respiration or cardiac monitors and dialysis machines, and, due to their severe medical conditions, generally are not clinically appropriate for admission to a nursing facility or rehabilitation hospital. All of our long-term acute care hospitals are freestanding facilities, and we do not own any “hospitals within hospitals.” We also own two hospitals focused on providing children’s care and five rehabilitation hospitals devoted to the rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions following stabilization of their acute medical issues. 
 Medical Office Buildings 
 Our MOBs are typically multi-tenant properties leased to several different unrelated medical practices, although they can be associated with a large single specialty or multi-specialty group. Tenants include physicians, dentists, psychologists, therapists and other healthcare providers, with space devoted to patient examination and treatment, diagnostic imaging, outpatient surgery and other outpatient services. While MOBs are similar to commercial office buildings, they require more plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems to accommodate physicians’ requirements such as sinks in every room, brighter lights and specialized medical equipment. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned or managed for third parties more than 21 million square feet of MOBs, a significant majority of which are “on campus,” defined as being located on or near an acute care hospital campus. 
 Geographic Diversification of Properties 
 Our portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties is broadly diversified by geographic location throughout the United States and Canada, with properties in one state ( California ) accounting for more than 10% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012 . 

 4 

 The following table shows our rental income and resident fees and services derived by geographic location for the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 Rental Income and 
 Resident Fees and 
 Services (1) 

 Percent of Total 
 Revenues 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Geographic Location 

 California 

 $ 

 348,418 

 14.0 

 % 

 New York 

 246,082 

 9.9 

 Texas 

 149,801 

 6.0 

 Illinois 

 123,789 

 5.0 

 Massachusetts 

 115,273 

 4.6 

 Florida 

 102,249 

 4.1 

 Pennsylvania 

 95,987 

 3.9 

 New Jersey 

 78,923 

 3.2 

 Connecticut 

 74,723 

 3.0 

 Arizona 

 73,888 

 3.0 

 Other (36 states and the District of Columbia) 

 918,462 

 36.9 

 Total U.S 

 2,327,595 

 93.6 

 % 

 Canada (two Canadian provinces) 

 95,944 

 3.9 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,423,539 

 97.5 

 % 

 (2) 

 (1) Revenues relate to the actual period of ownership and do not necessarily reflect a full year. 

 (2) 

 The remainder of our total revenues is medical office building and other services revenue, income from loans and investments and interest and other income. This presentation excludes revenues from properties sold during 2012 or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . 

 See “Note 20—Segment Information” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the geographic diversification of our portfolio. 
 Certificates of Need 
 Our skilled nursing facilities and hospitals are generally subject to federal, state and local licensure statutes and statutes that may require regulatory approval, in the form of a certificate of need (“CON”) issued by a governmental agency with jurisdiction over healthcare facilities, prior to the expansion of existing facilities, construction of new facilities, addition of beds, acquisition of major equipment or introduction of new services. CON requirements, which are not uniform throughout the United States, may restrict our or our operators’ ability to expand our properties in certain circumstances. 
 The following table shows the percentage of our rental income for the year ended December 31, 2012 derived by skilled nursing facilities and hospitals in states with and without CON requirements: 

 Skilled 
 Nursing 
 Facilities 

 Hospitals 

 Total 

 States with CON requirements 

 68.3 

 % 

 41.8 

 % 

 61.8 

 % 

 States without CON requirements 

 31.7 

 58.2 

 38.2 

 Total 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 Secured and Unsecured Loans and Other Investments 
 Loans Receivable 
 Our real estate loans provide us with interest income, principal amortization and transaction fees and are typically secured by mortgage liens, leasehold mortgages and corporate or personal guarantees. In some cases, the loans are secured by a pledge of ownership interests in the entity or entities that own the related real estate. As of December 31, 2012 , we had $697.1 million 

 5 

 of net loans receivable relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. See “Note 6—Loans Receivable” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Development and Redevelopment Projects 
 We are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop healthcare properties, the construction of which is funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. As of December 31, 2012 , we had three new properties under development pursuant to these agreements. In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our seniors housing operating communities to maximize the value, increase net operating income (“NOI”), maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 
 Segment Information 
 We evaluate our business and make resource allocations among three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. For further information regarding our business segments, see “Note 20—Segment Information” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Significant Tenants, Operators and Managers 
 The following table provides information regarding our tenant/manager concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 Number of 
 Properties 
 Leased or 
 Managed 

 Percent of Total Real Estate Investments (1) 

 Percent of Total Revenues (2) 

 Percent of 
 NOI (2) 

 Senior living operations 

 223 

 32.6 

 % 

 49.6 

 % 

 25.7 

 % 

 Kindred 

 196 

 4.4 

 10.5 

 17.4 

 Brookdale Senior Living (3) 

 148 

 10.4 

 6.4 

 10.5 

 (1) 

 Based on gross book value (excluding amounts held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ). 

 (2) 

 Amounts relate to the actual period of ownership and do not necessarily reflect a full year. Excludes amounts in discontinued operations. NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs. 

 (3) 

 Excludes six properties included in investments in unconsolidated entities. 

 Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 Each of our master lease agreements with Kindred (the “Kindred Master Leases”) and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living is a triple-net lease that obligates the tenant to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing documents, if any, affecting the properties. In addition, each of these leases have guaranty and cross-default provisions tied to other leases with the same tenant, as well as bundled lease renewals (as described in more detail below). 
 Because the properties we lease to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living account for a significant portion of our total revenues and NOI, our financial condition and results of operations could be weakened and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be limited if either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof. We cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to satisfy its respective obligations to us, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, our ability to service our indebtedness and other obligations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT (a “Material Adverse Effect”). We also cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will elect to renew its respective leases with us upon expiration of their terms or that we will be able to reposition any properties that are not renewed on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. See “Risks Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 6 

 Kindred Master Leases 
 As of December 31, 2012, we leased 196 properties to Kindred pursuant to four original Kindred Master Leases, with the properties grouped into bundles or renewal groups (each, a “renewal group”) containing a varying number of properties. Each renewal group is diversified by geography and contains at least one long-term acute care hospital. Under the four original Kindred Master Leases, the properties within a single renewal group have the same primary lease term of ten to 15 years (which commenced May 1, 1998), and each renewal group is subject to three successive five-year renewal terms at Kindred’s option, provided certain conditions are satisfied. Kindred’s renewal option is “all or nothing” with respect to the properties contained in each renewal group. 
 The lease terms for ten renewal groups under the four original Kindred Master Leases covering a total of 89 properties have an April 30, 2013 expiration date. We have entered into lease renewals, new leases or sale contracts for all 89 properties whose lease term expires on April 30, 2013. We expect 2013 cash revenue and NOI from these 89 properties (including the yield on reinvested sale proceeds from the five properties for sale) to be $125 million, compared to 2012 rent for all 89 properties of $125 million. 
 Of these 89 properties, Kindred will remain the tenant in 35 properties for estimated aggregate annual base rent commencing on May 1, 2013 of $76.1 million, including escalations. Specifically, Kindred irrevocably renewed for a five-year term three renewal groups covering a total of 25 properties, and we entered into a fifth Kindred Master Lease with respect to ten long-term acute care hospitals. The new Kindred Master Lease has an initial term expiring on April 30, 2023 and is subject to three successive five-year, “all or nothing” renewal options at Kindred’s option. 
 With respect to the remaining 54 skilled nursing facilities whose lease term expires on April 30, 2013 (the “Marketed Assets”), 49 Marketed Assets have been leased pursuant to new long-term triple-net leases (the “New Leases”) with seven qualified healthcare operators (the “New Tenants”), and we have entered into definitive agreements to sell five Marketed Assets. The New Leases have an average weighted initial lease term of over 11 years. 
 Six of the Marketed Assets transitioned to New Tenants on February 1, 2013. Kindred is required to continue to perform all of its obligations under the applicable Kindred Master Lease for the Marketed Assets until expiration of the current lease term, including without limitation, payment of all rental amounts. Moreover, we own or have the rights to all licenses and CONs at the properties, and Kindred has extensive and detailed obligations to cooperate and ensure an orderly transition of the properties to another operator. 
 Although leases and sale contracts have been executed and we expect the remaining transitions and sales to be completed or occur in the first half of 2013, these transitions and sales remain subject to customary closing conditions, including licensure and regulatory approval. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to whether or when the transitions or sales of the remaining Marketed Assets will be completed, if at all, or upon what terms. Our ability to transition or sell the Marketed Assets could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules, and we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, if any transition or sale has not occurred by May 1, 2013, Kindred has certain obligations to continue operating the properties on modified terms for a limited period, but we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses or general operating expenses) related to the applicable properties after May 1, 2013. 
 The current lease term for ten renewal groups covering another 108 properties leased to Kindred pursuant to the four original Kindred Master Leases will expire on April 30, 2015 (the “2015 Assets”), subject to two successive five-year renewal options for those properties exercisable by Kindred. Kindred has from November 1, 2013 until April 30, 2014 to provide us with renewal notices with respect to those properties. Therefore, as to any renewal group for which we do not receive a renewal notice, we will have at least one year to arrange for the repositioning of the applicable properties with new operators. Regardless of whether Kindred renews any of the renewal groups, Kindred is obligated to continue to perform all of its obligations under the applicable Kindred Master Lease with respect to the 2015 Assets, including the payment of full rent, through April 30, 2015. 
 All ten renewal groups whose current lease term expires on April 30, 2015 will be, upon renewal, in the second five-year renewal period and, therefore, we have a unilateral bundle-by-bundle option to initiate a fair market rental reset process on any renewal group for which Kindred delivers a renewal notice. If we elect to initiate the fair market rental reset process for any renewal group, the renewal rent will be the higher of contract rent and fair market rent determined by an appraisal process set forth in the applicable Kindred Master Lease. In certain cases following our initiation of a fair market rental reset process with respect to a renewal group, Kindred may have the right to revoke its renewal of that particular renewal group. 
 We cannot assure you that Kindred will elect to renew any or all of the renewal groups for the 2015 Assets or that we will be able to reposition any or all non-renewed assets on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. In 

 7 

 addition, the determination of market rent, whether on re-leasing or under the reset process, is dependent on and may be influenced by a variety of factors and is highly speculative, and we cannot assure you as to what the market rent may be for any of the 2015 Assets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The aggregate annual rent we receive under each Kindred Master Lease is referred to as “base rent.” Base rent escalates on May 1 of each year at a specified rate over the prior period base rent, with base rent escalation under the four original Kindred Master Leases contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters. The annual rent escalator under three Kindred Master Leases is 2.7%, and the annual rent escalator under the other two Kindred Master Leases is based on year-over-year changes in CPI, subject to floors and caps. 
 Assuming that all of the Marketed Assets are sold or transitioned on or prior to May 1, 2013 and assuming the applicable facility revenue parameters are met, and regardless of whether Kindred provides renewal notices with respect to any or all of the 2015 Assets, we currently expect that approximately $216 million of aggregate base rent will be due under the five Kindred Master Leases for the period from May 1, 2013 through April 30, 2014. See “Note 3—Concentration of Credit Risk” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Brookdale Senior Living Leases 
 Our leases with Brookdale Senior Living have an average term of 15 years (commencing as early as 1995) and are subject to two or more successive five- or ten-year renewal terms at Brookdale Senior Living’s option, provided certain conditions are satisfied. 
 Under the terms of our leases, Brookdale Senior Living is obligated to pay base rent, which escalates annually by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) four times the percentage increase in CPI during the immediately preceding year or (ii) either 2.5% or 3%, depending on the lease, or, in the case of our remaining “Grand Court” property, the greater of (i) 2% or (ii) 75% of the increase in CPI during the immediately preceding year. For 2013 , the current aggregate contractual cash base rent due to us from Brookdale Senior Living, excluding variable interest that Brookdale Senior Living is obligated to pay as additional rent based on certain floating rate mortgage debt, is approximately $154.3 million , and the current aggregate contractual base rent (computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”)) due to us from Brookdale Senior Living, excluding the variable interest, is approximately $153.9 million (in each case, excluding properties included in investments in unconsolidated entities and properties held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ). See “Note 3—Concentration of Credit Risk” and “Note 14—Commitments and Contingencies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 During 2012, we sold 18 properties to Brookdale Senior Living for aggregate consideration of $167.6 million, including lease termination fees. 
 Senior Living Operations 
 As of December 31, 2012 , Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 220 of our seniors housing communities, for which we pay annual management fees pursuant to long-term management agreements. Substantially all of our management agreements with Atria have initial terms expiring December 31, 2027, with successive automatic ten-year renewal periods. The management fees we pay to Atria under the Atria management agreements are equal to 5% of revenues generated by the applicable properties, plus, in most cases, an incentive management fee of up to an additional 1% of revenues based on the achievement of specified performance targets. Our management agreements with Sunrise have terms ranging from 25 to 30 years, commencing as early as 2004 and as recently as 2012. The management fees we pay to Sunrise under the Sunrise management agreements range from 5% to 7% of revenues generated by the applicable properties. For the year ended December 31, 2012 , the management fees (including incentive fees) we paid pursuant to our Sunrise management agreements were equal to 6.4% of revenues generated by the applicable properties. See “Note 3—Concentration of Credit Risk” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Because Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on our managers’ personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on our managers to set resident fees and otherwise operate those properties in compliance with the terms of our management agreements. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements that may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties as provided therein, Atria’s or Sunrise’s inability or unwillingness to satisfy its obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to 

 8 

 provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, significant changes in Atria’s or Sunrise’s senior management or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—The properties managed by Atria and Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Although Atria and Sunrise are managers, not tenants, of our properties, adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” and “—We have rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria and Sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace Atria or Sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In December 2012, we acquired 100% of the Funds previously managed by LFREI. The acquired Funds own (a) a 34% interest in Atria and (b) 3.7 million shares of Ventas common stock. In conjunction with this acquisition, we also extinguished our obligation related to the “earnout,” a contingent performance-based payment arising out of our 2011 acquisition of the real estate assets of Atria Senior Living Group, Inc. (together with its affiliates, “ASLG”), which was previously reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as a liability, for an additional $44 million . This amount represented the discounted net present value of the potential future payment of approximately $63 million . Additionally, in connection with this transaction, we obtained certain rights and minority protections regarding material transactions affecting Atria, as well as the right to appoint two directors to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 In August 2012, Sunrise announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Health Care REIT, Inc. (“Health Care REIT”). In connection with this announcement, Sunrise effected an internal reorganization to separate its subsidiaries that operate and manage seniors housing communities (collectively, the “Sunrise management business”) from its real estate assets and its equity interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures that hold real estate assets (collectively, the “Sunrise real estate”). In January 2013, the Sunrise management business was sold to a partnership comprised of three private equity firms and Health Care REIT, and the Sunrise real estate was acquired by Health Care REIT. 
 Competition 
 We generally compete for the acquisition, leasing and financing of seniors housing and healthcare properties with publicly traded, private and non-listed healthcare REITs, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including without limitation developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government sponsored entities and private equity firms. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives, and our ability to compete is affected by, among other factors, the availability of suitable acquisition or investment targets, our ability to negotiate acceptable acquisition or investment terms and our access to and cost of capital. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—Our pursuit of investments in, and acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and healthcare assets may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and “Note 10—Borrowing Arrangements” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The tenants and managers that operate our properties compete on a local and regional basis with healthcare operating companies that provide comparable services. The operators and managers of our seniors housing communities, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals compete to attract and retain residents and patients based on scope and quality of care, reputation and financial condition, price, location and physical appearance of the properties, services offered, qualified personnel, physician referrals and family preferences. The managers of our MOBs compete to attract and retain tenants based on many of the same factors, in addition to quality of the affiliated health system, physician preferences and proximity to hospital campuses. The ability of our tenants and managers to compete successfully could be affected by private, federal and state reimbursement programs and other laws and regulations. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—Our tenants, operators and managers may be adversely affected by healthcare regulation and enforcement” and “—Changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had 439 employees, none of whom is subject to a collective bargaining agreement and 304 of whom are employed in our MOB operations reportable business segment. 
 Insurance 
 We maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, operators and managers maintain all applicable lines of insurance on our properties and their operations. We believe that the amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers are customary for 

 9 

 similarly situated companies in our industry. Although we believe that our tenants, operators and managers are in compliance with their respective insurance requirements, we cannot assure you that they will maintain the required insurance coverages, and the failure by any of them to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. We also cannot assure you that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance coverage under our lease, management and other agreements, that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or that the insurance coverage provided will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, nor can we assure you of the future financial viability of the insurers. 
 We maintain property and casualty insurance for our senior living operations, and we maintain general and professional liability insurance for our seniors housing communities and related operations managed by Atria. The general and professional liability insurance for our seniors housing communities and related operations managed by Sunrise is currently maintained by Sunrise in accordance with the terms of our management agreements. Under our management agreements with Sunrise, we may elect, on an annual basis, whether we or Sunrise will bear responsibility for maintaining the required insurance coverage for the applicable properties, but the costs of such insurance are facility expenses paid from the revenues of those properties, regardless of who maintains the insurance. 
 As part of our MOB development business, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services, and any design, construction or systems failures related to the properties we develop could result in substantial injury or damage to clients or third parties. Any such injury or damage claims may arise in the ordinary course and may be asserted with respect to ongoing or completed projects. Although we maintain liability insurance to protect us against these claims, if any claim results in a loss, we cannot assure you that our policy limits would be adequate to cover the loss in full. If we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to pay the difference and we could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, the affected MOB, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 In an effort to reduce and manage costs and for various other reasons, many companies in the healthcare industry, including some of our tenants, operators and managers, utilize different organizational and corporate structures coupled with self-insurance trusts or programs (commonly referred to as “captives”) that may provide them with less insurance coverage. As a result, those companies who self-insure could incur large funded and unfunded professional liability expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. The implementation of a trust or captive by any of our tenants, operators or managers could adversely affect such person’s ability to satisfy its obligations under, or otherwise comply with the terms of, its respective lease, management and other agreements with us, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Likewise, if we decide to implement a captive self-insurance program, any large funded and unfunded professional liability expenses that we incur could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Additional Information 
 We maintain a website at www.ventasreit.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 
 We make available, free of charge, through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our Guidelines on Governance, our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and the charters for each of our Audit and Compliance, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation Committees are available on our website, and we will mail copies of the foregoing documents to stockholders, free of charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. 

 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
 Healthcare Regulation 
 Overview 
 For the year ended December 31, 2012 , approximately 20% of our total revenues and 30% of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were attributable to skilled nursing and other facilities and hospitals where our tenants (not our company) receive reimbursement for their services under governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. We are not a participant in these programs relating to our skilled nursing and other facilities and hospitals operated by tenants under lease agreements with us. 
 While the properties within our portfolio are all susceptible to many varying types of regulation, we expect that the healthcare industry, in general, will continue to face increased regulation and pressure in the areas of fraud, waste and abuse, 

 10 

 cost control, healthcare management and provision of services, among others. A significant expansion of applicable federal, state or local laws and regulations, previously enacted or future healthcare reform, new interpretations of existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities could have a material adverse effect on certain of our operators’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, or otherwise complying with the terms of, their leases with us. In addition, efforts by third-party payors, such as the federal Medicare program, state Medicaid programs and private insurance carriers, including health maintenance organizations and other health plans, to impose greater discounts and more stringent cost controls upon operators (through changes in reimbursement rates and methodologies, discounted fee structures, the assumption by healthcare providers of all or a portion of the financial risk or otherwise) are expected to intensify and continue. Significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could also have a Material Adverse Effect on certain of our operators’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, and otherwise complying with the terms of, their leases with us. 
 Licensure, Certification and CONs 
 Participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs generally requires the operators of our skilled nursing facilities to be licensed on an annual or biannual basis and certified annually through various regulatory agencies that determine compliance with federal, state and local laws. These legal requirements relate to the quality of the nursing care provided, the qualifications of the administrative personnel and nursing staff, the adequacy of the physical plant and equipment and continuing compliance with the laws and regulations governing the operation of skilled nursing facilities. The failure of an operator to maintain or renew any required license or regulatory approval or to correct serious deficiencies identified in compliance surveys could prevent it from continuing operations at a property. A loss of licensure or certification could also adversely affect a skilled nursing facility operator’s ability to receive payments from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to satisfy its contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, and otherwise complying with the terms of, its leases with us. 
 Similarly, in order to receive Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, our hospitals must meet the applicable conditions of participation established by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) relating to the type of hospital and its equipment, personnel and standard of medical care, as well as comply with state and local laws and regulations. Hospitals undergo periodic on-site licensure surveys, which generally are limited if the hospital is accredited by The Joint Commission (formerly the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations) or other recognized accreditation organizations. A loss of licensure or certification could adversely affect a hospital’s ability to receive payments from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to satisfy its contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, and otherwise complying with the terms of, its leases with us. 
 Our skilled nursing facilities and hospitals are also subject to various state CON laws requiring governmental approval prior to the development or expansion of healthcare facilities and services. The approval process in these states generally requires a facility to demonstrate the need for additional or expanded healthcare facilities or services. CONs, where applicable, are also sometimes necessary for changes in ownership or control of licensed facilities, addition of beds, investment in major capital equipment, introduction of new services or termination of services previously approved through the CON process. CON laws and regulations may restrict an operator’s ability to expand our properties and grow its business in certain circumstances, which could have an adverse effect on the operator’s revenues and, in turn, its ability to make rental payments under, and otherwise comply with the terms of, its leases with us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Seniors housing communities, in contrast, are subject to relatively few, if any, federal regulations. Instead, to the extent they are regulated, the regulation is conducted mainly by state and local laws governing licensure, provision of services, staffing requirements and other operational matters. These laws vary greatly from one jurisdiction to another. Although recent growth in the U.S. seniors housing industry has attracted the attention of various federal agencies that believe more federal regulation of these properties is necessary, thus far, Congress has deferred to state regulation of seniors housing communities. However, as a result of this growth and increased federal scrutiny, some states have revised and strengthened their regulation of seniors housing communities, and more states are expected to do the same in the future. 
 Fraud and Abuse Enforcement 
 Various federal and state laws and regulations prohibit a wide variety of fraud and abuse by healthcare providers who participate in, receive payments from or make or receive referrals for work in connection with government-funded healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. The federal laws include, by way of example, the following: 

 11 

 • 

 The anti-kickback statute (Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act), which prohibits certain business practices and relationships, including the payment, receipt or solicitation of any remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce a referral of any patient or service or item covered by a federal health care program, including Medicare or a state health program, such as Medicaid; 

 • 

 The physician self-referral prohibition (Ethics in Patient Referral Act of 1989, commonly referred to as the “Stark Law”), which prohibits referrals by physicians of Medicare or Medicaid patients to providers of a broad range of designated healthcare services with which the physicians (or their immediate family members) have ownership interests or certain other financial arrangements; 

 • 

 The False Claims Act, which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting false or fraudulent claims for payment by the federal government (including the Medicare and Medicaid programs); 

 • 

 The Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which authorizes HHS to impose civil penalties administratively for fraudulent acts; and 

 • 

 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (commonly referred to as “HIPAA”), which among other things, protects the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information by limiting its use and disclosure. 

 Sanctions for violating these federal laws include criminal and civil penalties such as punitive sanctions, damage assessments, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These laws also impose an affirmative duty on operators to ensure that they do not employ or contract with persons excluded from the Medicare and other government programs. 
 Many states have adopted or are considering legislative proposals similar to the federal anti-fraud and abuse laws, some of which extend beyond the Medicare and Medicaid programs, to prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration for the referral of patients and physician self-referrals, regardless of whether the service was reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid. Many states have also adopted or are considering legislative proposals to increase patient protections, such as minimum staffing levels, criminal background checks, and limiting the use and disclosure of patient specific health information. These state laws also impose criminal and civil penalties similar to the federal laws. 
 In the ordinary course of their business, the operators of our properties have been and are subject regularly to inquiries, investigations and audits by federal and state agencies that oversee applicable laws and regulations. Increased funding through recent federal and state legislation has led to a significant increase in the number of investigations and enforcement actions over the past several years. Private enforcement of healthcare fraud has also increased, due in large part to amendments to the civil False Claims Act in 1986 that were designed to encourage private individuals to sue on behalf of the government. These whistleblower suits by private individuals, known as qui tam suits, may be filed by almost anyone, including present and former patients or nurses and other employees. HIPAA also created a series of new healthcare crimes. 
 As federal and state budget pressures persist, administrative agencies may continue to escalate their investigation and enforcement efforts to eliminate waste and to control fraud and abuse in governmental healthcare programs. A violation of federal or state anti-fraud and abuse laws or regulations by an operator of our properties could have a material adverse effect on the operator’s liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect its ability to satisfy its contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, and otherwise complying with the terms of, its leases and other agreements with us. 
 Reimbursement 
 In March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, along with a reconciliation measure, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Affordable Care Act”). The passage of the Affordable Care Act has resulted in comprehensive reform legislation that is expected to expand health care coverage to millions of currently uninsured people beginning in 2014. To help fund this expansion, the Affordable Care Act outlines certain reductions in Medicare reimbursement rates for various healthcare providers, including long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities, as well as certain other changes to Medicare payment methodologies. 
 The Affordable Care Act, among other things, reduced the inflationary market basket increase included in standard federal payment rates for long-term acute care hospitals by 25 basis points in fiscal year 2010, 50 basis points in fiscal year 2011, 10 basis points in fiscal years 2012 and 2013, 30 basis points in fiscal year 2014, 20 basis points in fiscal years 2015 and 2016, and 75 basis points in fiscal years 2017 through 2019. In addition, under the Affordable Care Act, long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities are subject to a rate adjustment to the market basket increase, which began in fiscal year 2012, to reflect improvements in productivity. In July 2012, after considering the constitutionality of various provisions of the Affordable Care Act, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the so-called individual mandate and, while it found the provisions 

 12 

 expanding Medicaid eligibility unconstitutional, determined that the issue was appropriately remedied by circumscribing the Secretary of Health and Human Services’ enforcement authority, thus leaving the Medicaid expansion intact. 
 Healthcare is one of the largest industries in the United States and continues to attract a great deal of legislative interest and public attention. We cannot assure you that previously enacted or future healthcare reform legislation or changes in the administration or implementation of governmental and non-governmental healthcare reimbursement programs will not have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, or on their ability to satisfy their obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 In August 2011, President Obama and the U.S. Congress enacted the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “Budget Control Act”) to increase the federal government’s borrowing authority (the so-called “debt ceiling”) and reduce the federal government’s projected operating deficit. Under the Budget Control Act, a 2% reduction in Medicare payments to long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities (part of $1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts commonly referred to as “sequestration”) was expected to take effect on February 1, 2013. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 delayed the expected effectiveness of this 2% reduction to April 1, 2013. These measures, alternatives to sequestration or any future federal legislation relating to the debt ceiling or deficit reduction could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Medicare Reimbursement; Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals 
 The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (“BBA”) mandated the creation of a prospective payment system for long-term acute care hospitals (“LTAC PPS”) for cost reporting periods commencing on or after October 1, 2002. LTAC PPS requires payment for a Medicare beneficiary at a predetermined, per discharge amount for each defined patient category (called “Long-Term Care—Diagnosis Related Groups” or “LTC-DRGs”), adjusted for differences in area wage levels. 
 Updates to LTAC PPS payment rates are established by regulators and published annually for the long-term acute care hospital rate year, which coincides with annual updates to the LTC-DRG classification system and corresponds to the federal fiscal year (October 1 through September 30). The Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 (Pub. L. No. 110-173) (the “Medicare Extension Act”) significantly expanded medical necessity reviews by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) by requiring long-term acute care hospitals to institute a patient review process to better assess patients upon admission and on a continuing basis for appropriateness of care. 
 In addition, the Medicare Extension Act, among other things, provided the following long-term acute care hospital payment policy changes, all of which were extended for two years by the Affordable Care Act: 

 • 

 It prevented CMS from applying the “25-percent rule,” which limits payments from referring co-located hospitals, to freestanding and grandfathered long-term acute care hospitals for three years; 

 • 

 It modified the application of the 25-percent rule to certain urban and rural long-term acute care “hospitals-within-hospitals” and “satellite” facilities for three years; 

 • 

 It prevented CMS from applying the “very short stay outlier” policy for three years; and 

 • 

 It prevented CMS from making any one-time adjustments to correct estimates used in implementing LTAC PPS for three years. 

 Lastly, the Medicare Extension Act introduced a moratorium on new long-term acute care hospitals and beds for three years. In its May 2008 final rule, CMS delayed the extension of the 25-percent rule to freestanding and grandfathered long-term acute care hospitals and increased the patient percentage thresholds for certain urban and rural long-term acute care “hospitals-within-hospitals” and “satellite” facilities for three years, as mandated by the Medicare Extension Act. The rule also set forth policies on implementing the moratorium on new long-term acute care hospitals and beds imposed by the Medicare Extension Act. 
 In its August 2009 final rule, CMS finalized policies to implement changes required by Section 124 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients & Providers Act of 2008 (Pub. L. No. 110-275), continuing reforms intended to improve the accuracy of Medicare payments for inpatient acute care through the severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group (MS-LTC-DRG) classification system for long-term acute care hospitals. 
 On August 31, 2012, CMS published its final rule updating LTAC PPS for the 2013 fiscal year (October 1, 2012 through September 30, 2013). Under the rule, the LTAC PPS standard federal payment rate will increase by 1.8% in fiscal year 2013, reflecting a 2.6% increase in the market basket index, less both a 0.7% productivity adjustment and a 10 basis point adjustment mandated by the Affordable Care Act. After a one-time budget neutrality adjustment that the rule phases in over three years, the 

 13 

 LTAC PPS standard federal payment rate in fiscal 2013 will increase by 0.5%. In addition, under the final rule, the moratorium on new long-term acute care hospitals and beds imposed by the Medicare Extension Act, and subsequently extended by the Affordable Care Act, expired on December 29, 2012, and the extension of the 25-percent rule to freestanding and grandfathered long-term acute care hospitals is delayed for another year until December 29, 2013. As a result, CMS estimates that net payments to long-term acute care hospitals under the final rule will increase by approximately $92 million, or 1.7%, in fiscal 2013 due to increases in high-cost and short-stay outlier payments and other changes; however, for discharges during the period from October 1, 2012 to December 29, 2012 (the effective date of the budget neutrality adjustment), net payments to long-term acute care hospitals will increase by 3%. 
 We regularly assess the financial implications of CMS’s rules on the operators of our long-term acute care hospitals, but we cannot assure you that current rules or future updates to LTAC PPS, LTC-DRGs or Medicare reimbursement for long-term acute care hospitals will not materially adversely affect our operators, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—Changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Medicare Reimbursement; Skilled Nursing Facilities 
 The BBA also mandated the creation of a prospective payment system for skilled nursing facilities (“SNF PPS”) offering Part A covered services. Under SNF PPS, payment amounts are based upon classifications determined through assessments of individual Medicare patients in the skilled nursing facility, rather than on the facility’s reasonable costs. SNF PPS payments are made on a per diem basis for each resident and are generally intended to cover all inpatient services for Medicare patients, including routine nursing care, most capital-related costs associated with the inpatient stay, and ancillary services, such as respiratory therapy, occupational and physical therapy, speech therapy and certain covered drugs. 
 In response to widespread healthcare industry concern about the reductions in payments under the BBA, the federal government enacted the Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 (“BBRA”). The BBRA increased the per diem reimbursement rates for certain high acuity patients by 20% from April 1, 2000 until CMS refined the resource utilization groups (“RUGs”) used to determine the daily payment for beneficiaries in skilled nursing facilities in the 2006 fiscal year. The BBRA also imposed a two-year moratorium on the annual cap mandated by the BBA on physical, occupational and speech therapy services provided to a patient by outpatient rehabilitation therapy providers, including Part B covered therapy services in nursing facilities. Although extended multiple times by Congress, relief from the BBA therapy caps expired on December 31, 2009. 
 Under its final rule updating LTC-DRGs for the 2007 fiscal year, CMS reduced reimbursement of uncollectible Medicare coinsurance amounts for all beneficiaries (other than beneficiaries of both Medicare and Medicaid) from 100% to 70% for skilled nursing facility cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 2005 and set forth various options for classifying and weighting patients transferred to a skilled nursing facility after a hospital stay less than the mean length of stay associated with that particular diagnosis-related group. 
 Under its final rule updating SNF PPS for the 2010 fiscal year, CMS recalibrated the case-mix indexes for RUGs used to determine the daily payment for beneficiaries in skilled nursing facilities and implemented the RUG-IV classification model for skilled nursing facilities for the 2011 fiscal year. However, the Affordable Care Act delayed the implementation of RUG-IV for one year, and CMS subsequently modified the implementation schedule in its notice updating SNF PPS for the 2011 fiscal year. 
 In its final Medicare Physician Fee Schedule rule for the 2012 calendar year, CMS set a $1,880 cap on physical therapy and speech-language pathology services and a separate $1,880 cap on occupational therapy services, including therapy provided in skilled nursing facilities, both without an exceptions process. However, in January 2013, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (Pub. L. No. 112-96) was enacted to lift the caps on therapy services and require a manual review process for those exceptions for which the beneficiary therapy services exceed $3,700 in a year. 
 On July 27, 2012, CMS issued a notice updating SNF PPS for the 2013 fiscal year (October 1, 2012 through September 30, 2013). Pursuant to the notice, the update to the SNF PPS standard federal payment rate contained in CMS’s final rule for the 2012 fiscal year includes a 2.5% increase in the market basket index, less a 0.7% productivity adjustment mandated by the Affordable Care Act, resulting in a net 1.8% increase in the SNF PPS standard federal payment rate for fiscal year 2013. However, this update does not take into account the potential impact of sequestration. CMS estimates that net payments to skilled nursing facilities will increase by approximately $670 million in fiscal year 2013 as a result of the update pursuant to the notice. 
 We regularly assess the financial implications of CMS’s rules on the operators of our skilled nursing facilities, but we cannot assure you that current rules or future updates to SNF PPS, therapy services or Medicare reimbursement for skilled nursing facilities will not materially adversely affect our operators, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

 14 

 See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—Changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Medicaid Reimbursement; Skilled Nursing Facilities 
 Approximately two-thirds of all nursing home residents are dependent on Medicaid. Medicaid reimbursement rates, however, typically are less than the amounts charged by the operators of our skilled nursing facilities. Although the federal government and the states share responsibility for financing Medicaid, states have a wide range of discretion, within certain federal guidelines, to determine eligibility and reimbursement methodology. In addition, federal legislation limits an operator’s ability to withdraw from the Medicaid program by restricting the eviction or transfer of Medicaid residents. As state budget pressures continue to escalate and in an effort to address actual or potential budget shortfalls, many state legislatures have enacted or proposed reductions to Medicaid expenditures by implementing “freezes” or cuts in Medicaid rates paid to providers, including hospitals and skilled nursing facilities, or by restricting eligibility and benefits. 
 In the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Pub. L. No. 109 171), Congress made changes to the Medicaid program that were estimated to result in $10 billion in savings to the federal government over the five years following enactment of the legislation, primarily through the accounting practices some states use to calculate their matched payments and revising the qualifications for individuals who are eligible for Medicaid benefits. The changes made by CMS’s final rule updating SNF PPS for the 2006 fiscal year were also anticipated to reduce Medicaid payments to skilled nursing facility operators, and as part of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (Pub. L. No. 109-432), Congress reduced the ceiling on taxes that states may impose on healthcare providers and that would qualify for federal financial participation under Medicaid by 0.5%, from 6% to 5.5%, until October 1, 2011. However, it was anticipated that this reduction would have a negligible effect, impacting only those states with taxes in excess of 5.5%. 
 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Pub. L. No. 111-5) (the “Recovery Act”), in contrast, temporarily increased federal payments to state Medicaid programs by $86.6 billion through, among other things, a 6.2% increase in the federal share of Medicaid expenditures across the board, with additional funds available depending on a state’s federal medical assistance percentage and unemployment rate. Though the Medicaid federal assistance payments were originally expected to expire on December 31, 2010, the President’s fiscal year 2011 budget extended those payments through June 30, 2011. The Recovery Act also requires states to promptly pay nursing facilities under their Medicaid program, and precludes states, as a condition of receiving the additional funding, from heightening their Medicaid eligibility requirements. 
 We expect more states to adopt significant Medicaid rate freezes or cuts or other program changes as their reimbursement methodologies continue to evolve. In addition, the U.S. government may revoke, reduce or stop approving “provider taxes” that have the effect of increasing Medicaid payments to the states. We cannot predict what impact these actions would have on the operators of our skilled nursing facilities, and we cannot assure you that payments under Medicaid are now or in the future will be sufficient to fully reimburse those operators for the cost of providing skilled nursing services. Severe and widespread Medicaid rate cuts or freezes could materially adversely affect our skilled nursing facility operators, which, in turn, could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their contractual obligations, including making rental payments under, and otherwise complying with the terms of, their leases with us. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 As an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding environmental, health and safety matters. These laws and regulations address, among other things, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, fuel oil management, wastewater discharges, air emissions, radioactive materials, medical wastes, and hazardous wastes, and in certain cases, the costs of complying with these laws and regulations and the penalties for non-compliance can be substantial. Even with respect to properties that we do not operate or manage, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any property from which there is or has been an actual or threatened release of a regulated material and any other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. Such costs typically are not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property’s value. In addition, we may be liable for certain other costs, such as governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources, as a result of any such actual or threatened release. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—If any of our properties are found to be contaminated, or if we become involved in any environmental disputes, we could incur substantial liabilities and costs” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Under the terms of our lease and management agreements, we generally have a right to indemnification by the tenants, operators and managers of our properties for any contamination caused by them. However, we cannot assure you that our tenants, operators and managers will have the financial capability or willingness to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations to us, and any such inability or unwillingness to do so may require us to satisfy the underlying environmental 

 15 

 claims. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In general, we have also agreed to indemnify our tenants against any environmental claims (including penalties and clean-up costs) resulting from any condition arising in, on or under, or relating to, the leased properties at any time before the applicable lease commencement date. With respect to our senior living operating portfolio, we have agreed to indemnify our managers against any environmental claims (including penalties and clean-up costs) resulting from any condition on those properties, unless the manager caused or contributed to that condition. 
 We did not make any material capital expenditures in connection with environmental, health, and safety laws, ordinances and regulations in 2012 and do not expect that we will be required to make any such material capital expenditures during 2013 . 
 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that you may deem relevant as a holder of our common stock. It is not tax advice, nor does it purport to address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular stockholders in light of their personal circumstances or to certain types of stockholders, such as insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations (except to the extent discussed below under “—Treatment of Tax-Exempt Stockholders”), financial institutions, pass-through entities (or investors in such entities) or broker-dealers, and non-U.S. individuals and entities (except to the extent discussed below under “—Special Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Stockholders”), that may be subject to special rules. 
 The statements in this section are based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), U.S. Treasury Regulations, Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) rulings, and judicial decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change or different interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. The laws governing the U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs and their stockholders are highly technical and complex, and this discussion is qualified in its entirety by the authorities listed above. We cannot assure you that new laws, interpretations of law or court decisions will not cause any statement herein to be inaccurate. 
 Federal Income Taxation of Ventas 
 We elected REIT status beginning with the year ended December 31, 1999. Beginning with the 1999 tax year, we believe that we have satisfied the requirements to qualify as a REIT, and we intend to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. If we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on net income that we currently distribute to stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the “double taxation” (i.e., taxation at both the corporate and stockholder levels) that generally results from investment in a corporation. 
 Notwithstanding such qualification, we will be subject to federal income tax on any undistributed taxable income, including undistributed net capital gains, at regular corporate rates. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax if we do not satisfy specific REIT distribution requirements. See “—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Annual Distribution Requirements.” Under certain circumstances, we may be subject to the “alternative minimum tax” on our undistributed items of tax preference. If we have net income from the sale or other disposition of “foreclosure property” (see below) held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or certain other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we will be subject to tax at the highest corporate rate on that income. See “—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Asset Tests.” In addition, if we have net income from “prohibited transactions” (which are, in general, certain sales or other dispositions of property (other than foreclosure property) held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business), that income will be subject to a 100% tax. 
 We may also be subject to “Built-in Gains Tax” on any appreciated asset that we own or acquire that was previously owned by a C corporation (i.e., a corporation generally subject to full corporate-level tax). If we dispose of any such asset and recognize gain on the disposition during the ten-year period immediately after the asset was owned by a C corporation (either prior to our REIT election, or through stock acquisition or merger), then we generally will be subject to regular corporate income tax on the gain equal to the lesser of the recognized gain at the time of disposition or the built-in gain in that asset as of the date it became a REIT asset. 
 In addition, if we fail to satisfy either of the gross income tests for qualification as a REIT (as discussed below), but still maintain such qualification under the relief provisions of the Code, we will be subject to a 100% tax on the gross income attributable to the amount by which we failed the applicable test, multiplied by a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. If we violate one or more of the REIT asset tests (as discussed below), we may avoid a loss of our REIT status if we qualify under certain relief provisions and, among other things, pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate 

 16 

 multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying asset during a specified period. If we fail to satisfy any requirement for REIT qualification, other than the gross income or assets tests mentioned above, but nonetheless maintain such qualification by meeting certain other requirements, we may be subject to a $50,000 penalty for each failure. Finally, we will incur a 100% excise tax on the income derived from certain transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary (including rental income derived from leasing properties to a taxable REIT subsidiary) that are not conducted on an arm’s-length basis. 
 See “—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT” below for other circumstances in which we may be required to pay federal taxes. 
 Requirements for Qualification as a REIT 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must meet the requirements discussed below relating to our organization, sources of income, nature of assets and distributions of income to stockholders. 
 Organizational Requirements 
 The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: (i) that is managed by one or more directors or trustees; (ii) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; (iii) that would be taxable as a domestic corporation but for Sections 856 through 859 of the Code; (iv) that is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company subject to certain provisions of the Code; (v) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (the “100 Shareholder Rule”); (vi) not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of each taxable year (the “5/50 Rule”); (vii) that makes an election to be a REIT (or has made such election for a previous taxable year) and satisfies all relevant filing and other administrative requirements established by the IRS that must be met in order to elect and to maintain REIT status; (viii) that uses a calendar year for federal income tax purposes; and (ix) that meets certain other tests, described below, regarding the nature of its income and assets. 
 We believe but cannot assure you that we have satisfied and will continue to satisfy the organizational requirements for qualification as a REIT. Our certificate of incorporation contains certain restrictions on the transfer of our shares that are intended to prevent a concentration of ownership of our stock that would cause us to fail the 5/50 Rule or the 100 Shareholder Rule; however, we cannot assure you as to the effectiveness of these restrictions. 
 In addition, to qualify as a REIT, a corporation may not have (as of the end of the taxable year) any earnings and profits that were accumulated in periods before it elected REIT status or that are from acquired non-REIT corporations. We believe that we have not had any accumulated earnings and profits that are attributable to non-REIT periods or from acquired corporations that were not REITs, although the IRS is entitled to challenge that determination. 
 Gross Income Tests 
 We must satisfy two annual gross income requirements to qualify as a REIT: 

 • 

 At least 75% of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) for each taxable year must consist of defined types of income derived directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property (including pledges of equity interest in certain entities holding real property and also including “rents from real property” (as defined in the Code)) and, in certain circumstances, interest on certain types of temporary investment income; and 

 • 

 At least 95% of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) for each taxable year must be derived from such real property or temporary investments, dividends, interest and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities, or from any combination of the foregoing. 

 We believe but cannot assure you that we have been and will continue to be in compliance with the gross income tests described above. If we fail to satisfy one or both gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for that year if we qualify under certain relief provisions of the Code, in which case we would be subject to a 100% tax on the gross income attributable to the amount by which we failed the applicable test. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests and do not qualify under the relief provisions for any taxable year, we will not qualify as a REIT for that year, which would have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Asset Tests 
 At the close of each quarter of our taxable year, we must satisfy the following tests relating to the nature of our assets: 

 • 

 At least 75% of the value of our total assets must be represented by cash or cash items (including certain 

 17 

 receivables), government securities, “real estate assets” (including interests in real property and in mortgages on real property and shares in other qualifying REITs) or, in cases where we raise new capital through stock or long-term (maturity of at least five years) debt offerings, temporary investments in stock or debt instruments during the one-year period following our receipt of such capital (the “75% asset test”); and 

 • 

 Of the investments not meeting the requirements of the 75% asset test, the value of any one issuer’s debt and equity securities owned by us (other than our equity interests in any entity classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the stock or debt of a taxable REIT subsidiary or the stock or debt of a qualified REIT subsidiary or other disregarded entity subsidiary) may not exceed 5% of the value of our total assets (the “5% asset test”), and we may not own more than 10% of any one issuer’s outstanding voting securities (the “10% voting securities test”) or 10% of the value of any one issuer’s outstanding securities (the “10% value test”), subject to limited “safe harbor” exceptions. 

 In addition, no more than 25% of the value of our assets (20% for taxable years beginning prior to 2009) can be represented by securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries (the “25% TRS test”). 
 We believe but cannot assure you that we have been and will continue to be in compliance with the asset tests described above. If we fail to satisfy one or more asset tests at the end of any quarter, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a REIT if we satisfied all of the asset tests at the close of the preceding calendar quarter and the discrepancy between the value of our assets and the asset test requirements is due to changes in the market values of our assets and not caused in any part by our acquisition of non-qualifying assets. 
 Furthermore, if we fail to satisfy any of the asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter without curing such failure within 30 days after the end of such quarter, we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we qualified under certain relief provisions enacted as part of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. Under one relief provision, we would continue to qualify as a REIT if our failure to satisfy the 5% asset test, the 10% voting securities test or the 10% value test is due to our ownership of assets having a total value not exceeding the lesser of 1% of our assets at the end of the relevant quarter or $10 million and we disposed of such assets (or otherwise met such asset tests) within six months after the end of the quarter in which the failure was identified. If we fail to satisfy any of the asset tests for a particular quarter but do not qualify under the relief provision described in the preceding sentence, then we would be deemed to have satisfied the relevant asset test if: (i) following identification of the failure, we filed a schedule with a description of each asset that caused the failure; (ii) the failure is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect; (iii) we disposed of the non-qualifying asset (or otherwise met the relevant asset test) within six months after the end of the quarter in which the failure was identified; and (iv) we paid a penalty tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying asset during the period beginning on the first date of the failure and ending on the date we disposed of the asset (or otherwise cured the asset test failure). We cannot predict, however, whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. If we fail to satisfy any of the asset tests and do not qualify for the relief provisions, we will lose our REIT status, which would have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Foreclosure Property 
 The foreclosure property rules permit us (by our election) to foreclose or repossess properties without being disqualified as a REIT as a result of receiving income that does not qualify under the gross income tests. However, in that case, we would be subject to a corporate tax on the net non-qualifying income from “foreclosure property,” and the after-tax amount would increase the dividends we would be required to distribute to stockholders. See “—Annual Distribution Requirements” below. The corporate tax imposed on non-qualifying income would not apply to income that qualifies as “good REIT income,” such as a lease of qualified healthcare property to a taxable REIT subsidiary, where the taxable REIT subsidiary engages an eligible independent contractor to manage and operate the property. 
 Foreclosure property treatment will end on the first day on which we enter into a lease of the applicable property that will give rise to income that does not constitute “good REIT income” under Section 856(c)(3) of the Code, but such treatment will not end if the lease will give rise only to “good REIT income.” In addition, foreclosure property treatment will end if any construction takes place on the property (other than completion of a building or other improvement more than 10% complete before default became imminent). Foreclosure property treatment (other than for qualified healthcare property) is available for an initial period of three years and may, in certain circumstances, be extended for an additional three years. Foreclosure property treatment for qualified healthcare property is available for an initial period of two years and may, in certain circumstances, be extended for an additional four years. 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiaries 
 A taxable REIT subsidiary, or “TRS,” is a corporation subject to tax as a regular C corporation. Generally, a TRS can own assets that cannot be owned by a REIT and can perform tenant services (excluding the direct or indirect operation or 

 18 

 management of a lodging or healthcare facility) that would otherwise disqualify the REIT’s rental income under the gross income tests. Also, notwithstanding general restrictions on related party rent, a REIT can lease healthcare properties to a TRS if the TRS does not manage or operate the healthcare facilities and instead engages an “eligible independent contractor” to manage the healthcare facilities. We are permitted to own up to 100% of a TRS, subject to the 25% TRS test, but there are certain limits on the ability of a TRS to deduct interest payments made to us. In addition, we are subject to a 100% penalty tax on any excess payments that we receive or any excess expenses deducted by the TRS if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT’s tenants and the TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. 
 Annual Distribution Requirements 
 In order to be taxed as a REIT, we are required to distribute dividends (other than capital gain dividends) to our stockholders in an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 90% of our “REIT taxable income” (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain) and (ii) 90% of the net income (after tax), if any, from foreclosure property, minus the sum of certain items of non-cash income. These dividends must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if (i) they are declared in October, November or December, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in any one of those months and actually paid during January of such following year or (ii) they are declared before we timely file our tax return for such year and paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such declaration, and we elect on our federal income tax return for the prior year to have a specified amount of the subsequent dividend treated as paid in the prior year. To the extent we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our “REIT taxable income,” as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular capital gains and ordinary corporate tax rates except to the extent of our net operating loss or capital loss carryforwards. If we pay any Built-in Gains Taxes, those taxes will be deductible in computing REIT taxable income. Moreover, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year (or, in the case of distributions with declaration and record dates falling in the last three months of the calendar year, by the end of January following such calendar year) at least the sum of 85% of our REIT ordinary income for such year, 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for such year (other than long-term capital gain we elect to retain and treat as having been distributed to stockholders), and any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the excess of such required distribution over the amounts actually distributed. 
 We believe but cannot assure you that we have satisfied the annual distribution requirements for the year of our initial REIT election and each year thereafter through the year ended December 31, 2012 . Although we intend to satisfy the annual distribution requirements to continue to qualify as a REIT for the year ending December 31, 2013 and subsequent years, economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations could limit our ability to meet those requirements. 
 We also have net operating loss carryforwards that we may use to reduce our annual distribution requirements. See “Note 13—Income Taxes” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Failure to Continue to Qualify 
 If we fail to satisfy one or more requirements for REIT qualification, other than by violating a gross income or asset test for which relief is otherwise available as described above, we would retain our REIT qualification if the failure is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect and if we pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure. We cannot predict, however, whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of this relief provision. 
 If our election to be taxed as a REIT is revoked or terminated (e.g., due to a failure to meet the REIT qualification tests without qualifying for any applicable relief provisions), we would be subject to tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (for all open tax years beginning with the year our REIT election is revoked or terminated), and distributions to stockholders would not be deductible by us, nor would they be required to be made. To the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits, all distributions to stockholders would be taxable as ordinary income (except to the extent such dividends are eligible for the qualified dividends rate generally available to non-corporate holders), and, subject to certain limitations in the Code, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction. In addition, we would be prohibited from re-electing REIT status for the four taxable years following the year during which we ceased to qualify as a REIT, unless certain relief provisions of the Code applied. We cannot predict, however, whether we would be entitled to such relief. 
 Federal Income Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 
 As used herein, the term “U.S. Stockholder” refers to any beneficial owner of our common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source, or a trust if (i) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial 

 19 

 decisions of the trust or (ii) the trust has elected under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to retain its pre-August 20, 1996 classification as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners of partnerships holding our stock should consult their tax advisors. This section assumes the U.S. Stockholder holds our common stock as a capital asset. 
 As long as we qualify as a REIT, distributions made to our taxable U.S. Stockholders out of current or accumulated earnings and profits (and not designated as capital gain dividends) generally will be taxable to such U.S. Stockholders as ordinary income and will not be eligible for the qualified dividends rate generally available to non-corporate holders or for the dividends received deduction generally available to corporations. Distributions that are designated as capital gain dividends will be taxed as a long-term capital gain (to the extent such distributions do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year) without regard to the period for which the stockholder has held its shares. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a U.S. Stockholder to the extent they do not exceed the adjusted basis of the stockholder’s shares (determined on a share-by-share basis), but rather will reduce the adjusted basis of those shares. To the extent that distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits exceed the adjusted basis of a stockholder’s shares, such distributions will be included in income as capital gains. The tax rate applicable to such capital gains will depend on the stockholder’s holding period for the shares. Any distribution declared by us and payable to a stockholder of record on a specified date in October, November or December of any year will be treated as both paid by us and received by the stockholder on December 31 of that year, provided that we actually pay the distribution during January of the following calendar year. 
 We may elect to treat all or a part of our undistributed net capital gain as if it had been distributed to our stockholders. If we make such an election, our stockholders would be required to include in their income as long-term capital gain their proportionate share of our undistributed net capital gain, as designated by us. Each such stockholder would be deemed to have paid its proportionate share of the income tax imposed on us with respect to such undistributed net capital gain, and this amount would be credited or refunded to the stockholder. In addition, the tax basis of the stockholder’s shares would be increased by its proportionate share of undistributed net capital gains included in its income, less its proportionate share of the income tax imposed on us with respect to such gains. 
 Stockholders may not include in their individual income tax returns any of our net operating losses or net capital losses. Instead, we would carry over those losses for potential offset against our future income, subject to certain limitations. Taxable distributions from us and gain from the disposition of our common stock will not be treated as passive activity income, and, therefore, stockholders generally will not be able to apply any “passive activity losses” (such as losses from certain types of limited partnerships in which the stockholder is a limited partner) against such income. In addition, taxable distributions from us generally will be treated as investment income for purposes of the investment interest limitations. 
 We will notify stockholders after the close of our taxable year as to the portions of the distributions attributable to that year that constitute ordinary income, return of capital and capital gain. To the extent a portion of the distribution is designated as a capital gain dividend, we will notify stockholders as to the portion that is a “20% rate gain distribution” and the portion that is an unrecaptured Section 1250 distribution. A 20% rate gain distribution is a capital gain distribution to domestic stockholders that are individuals, estates or trusts that is taxable at a maximum rate of 20%. An unrecaptured Section 1250 gain distribution would be taxable to taxable domestic stockholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 25%. 
 Taxation of U.S. Stockholders on the Disposition of Shares of Common Stock 
 In general, a U.S. Stockholder who is not a dealer in securities must treat any gain or loss realized upon a taxable disposition of our common stock as long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder has held the shares for more than one year, and otherwise as short-term capital gain or loss. However, a U.S. Stockholder must treat any loss upon a sale or exchange of shares of our common stock held for six months or less as a long-term capital loss to the extent of capital gain dividends and any other actual or deemed distributions from us which the stockholder treats as long-term capital gain. All or a portion of any loss that a U.S. Stockholder realizes upon a taxable disposition of our common stock may be disallowed if the stockholder purchases other shares of our common stock (or certain options to acquire our common stock) within 30 days before or after the disposition. 
 Medicare Tax on Investment Income 
 For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012, certain U.S. stockholders who are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds will be required to pay a 3.8% Medicare tax on dividends and certain other investment income, including capital gains from the sale or other disposition of our common stock. 

 20 

 Treatment of Tax-Exempt Stockholders 
 Tax-exempt organizations, including qualified employee pension and profit sharing trusts and individual retirement accounts (collectively, “Exempt Organizations”), generally are exempt from U.S. federal income taxation. However, they are subject to taxation on their unrelated business taxable income (“UBTI”). While many investments in real estate generate UBTI, the IRS has issued a published ruling that dividend distributions by a REIT to an exempt employee pension trust do not constitute UBTI, provided that the shares of the REIT are not otherwise used in an unrelated trade or business of the exempt employee pension trust. Based on that ruling, and subject to the exceptions discussed below, amounts distributed by us to Exempt Organizations generally should not constitute UBTI. However, if an Exempt Organization finances its acquisition of our common stock with debt, a portion of its income from us will constitute UBTI pursuant to the “debt-financed property” rules. Furthermore, social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans that are exempt from taxation under paragraphs (7), (9), (17) and (20), respectively, of Section 501(c) of the Code are subject to different UBTI rules, which generally require them to characterize distributions from us as UBTI. In addition, in certain circumstances, a pension trust that owns more than 10% of our stock is required to treat a percentage of the dividends from us as UBTI. 
 Special Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Stockholders 
 As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. Stockholder” refers to any beneficial owner of our common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a nonresident alien individual, foreign corporation, foreign estate or foreign trust, but does not include any foreign stockholder whose investment in our stock is “effectively connected” with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. Such a foreign stockholder, in general, will be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to its investment in our stock in the same manner as a U.S. Stockholder (subject to applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals). In addition, a foreign corporation receiving income that is treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business also may be subject to an additional 30% “branch profits tax” on its effectively connected earnings and profits (subject to adjustments) unless an applicable tax treaty provides a lower rate or an exemption. Certain certification requirements must be satisfied in order for effectively connected income to be exempt from withholding. 
 Distributions to Non-U.S. Stockholders that are not attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests and are not designated by us as capital gain dividends (or deemed distributions of retained capital gains) will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such distributions ordinarily will be subject to a withholding tax equal to 30% of the gross amount of the distribution unless an applicable tax treaty reduces or eliminates that tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a Non-U.S. Stockholder to the extent that such distributions do not exceed the adjusted basis of the stockholder’s shares (determined on a share-by-share basis), but rather will reduce the adjusted basis of those shares. To the extent that distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits exceed the adjusted basis of a Non-U.S. Stockholder’s shares, such distributions will give rise to tax liability if the Non-U.S. Stockholder would otherwise be subject to tax on any gain from the sale or disposition of its shares, as described below. 
 We expect to withhold U.S. tax at the rate of 30% on the gross amount of any dividends, other than dividends treated as attributable to gain from sales or exchanges of U.S. real property interests and capital gain dividends, paid to a Non-U.S. Stockholder, unless (i) a lower treaty rate applies and the required IRS Form W-8BEN evidencing eligibility for that reduced rate is filed with us or the appropriate withholding agent or (ii) the Non-U.S. Stockholder files an IRS Form W-8ECI or a successor form with us or the appropriate withholding agent properly claiming that the distributions are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Stockholder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 
 For any year in which we qualify as a REIT, distributions to a Non-U.S. Stockholder that owns more than 5% of our common shares at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of distribution and that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests will be taxed to the Non-U.S. Stockholder under the provisions of the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 (“FIRPTA”) as if such gain were effectively connected with a U.S. business. Accordingly, a Non-U.S. Stockholder that owns more than 5% of our common shares will be taxed at the normal capital gain rates applicable to a U.S. Stockholder (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals) and would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return. Distributions subject to FIRPTA also may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% of its effectively connected earnings and profits (subject to adjustments) if the recipient is a foreign corporate stockholder not entitled to treaty relief or exemption. Under FIRPTA, we are required to withhold 35% (which is higher than the maximum rate on long-term capital gains of non-corporate persons) of any distribution to a Non-U.S. Stockholder that owns more than 5% of our common shares which is or could be designated as a capital gain dividend attributable to U.S. real property interests. Moreover, if we designate previously made distributions as capital gain dividends attributable to U.S. real property interests, subsequent distributions (up to the amount of such prior distributions) will be treated as capital gain dividends subject to FIRPTA withholding. This amount is 

 21 

 creditable against the Non-U.S. Stockholder’s FIRPTA tax liability. 
 If a Non-U.S. Stockholder does not own more than 5% of our common shares at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of a distribution, any capital gain distributions, to the extent attributable to sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests, will not be considered to be effectively connected with a U.S. business, and the Non-U.S. Stockholder would not be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return by receiving such a distribution. In that case, the distribution will be treated as a REIT dividend to that Non-U.S. Stockholder and taxed as a REIT dividend that is not a capital gain distribution (and subject to withholding), as described above. In addition, the branch profits tax will not apply to the distribution. Any capital gain distribution, to the extent not attributable to sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests, generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation (regardless of the amount of our common shares owned by a Non-U.S. Stockholder). For so long as our common stock continues to be regularly traded on an established securities market, the sale of such stock by any Non-U.S. Stockholder who is not a Five Percent Non-U.S. Stockholder (as defined below) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax (unless the Non-U.S. Stockholder is a nonresident alien individual who was present in the United States for more than 182 days during the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions apply, in which case such gain (net of certain sources within the U.S., if any) will be subject to a 30% tax on a gross basis). A “Five Percent Non-U.S. Stockholder” is a Non-U.S. Stockholder who, at some time during the five-year period preceding such sale or disposition, beneficially owned (including under certain attribution rules) more than 5% of the total fair market value of our common stock (as outstanding from time to time). 
 In general, the sale or other taxable disposition of our common stock by a Five Percent Non-U.S. Stockholder also will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we are a “domestically controlled REIT.” A REIT is a “domestically controlled REIT” if, at all times during the five-year period preceding the disposition in question, less than 50% in value of its shares is held directly or indirectly by Non-U.S. Stockholders. Although we believe that we currently qualify as a domestically controlled REIT, because our common stock is publicly traded, we cannot assure you that we do so qualify or that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT at any time in the future. If we do not constitute a domestically controlled REIT, a Five Percent Non-U.S. Stockholder generally will be taxed in the same manner as a U.S. Stockholder with respect to gain on the sale of our common stock (subject to applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals). 
 A 30% withholding tax will be imposed on dividends paid after December 31, 2013 and redemption proceeds paid after December 31, 2016 to (i) foreign financial institutions including non-U.S. investment funds, unless they agree to collect and disclose to the IRS information regarding their direct and indirect U.S. account holders and (ii) certain other foreign entities, unless they certify certain information regarding their direct and indirect U.S. owners. To avoid withholding, foreign financial institutions will need to (i) enter into agreements with the IRS that state that they will provide the IRS information, including the names, addresses and taxpayer identification numbers of direct and indirect U.S. account holders, comply with due diligence procedures with respect to the identification of U.S. accounts, report to the IRS certain information with respect to U.S. accounts maintained, agree to withhold tax on certain payments made to non-compliant foreign financial institutions or to account holders who fail to provide the required information, and determine certain other information as to their account holders, or (ii) in the event that an applicable intergovernmental agreement and implementing legislation are adopted, provide local revenue authorities with similar account holder information. Other foreign entities will need to either provide the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner or certifications of no substantial U.S. ownership unless certain exceptions apply or agree to provide certain information to other revenue authorities for transmittal to the IRS. 
 Information Reporting Requirements and Backup Withholding Tax 
 Information returns may be filed with the IRS and backup withholding tax may be collected in connection with distributions paid or required to be treated as paid during each calendar year and payments of the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of our common stock. Under the backup withholding rules, a stockholder may be subject to backup withholding at the applicable rate (currently 28%) with respect to distributions paid and proceeds from a disposition of our common stock unless such holder is a corporation, non-U.S. person or comes within certain other exempt categories and, when required, demonstrates this fact or provides a taxpayer identification number, certifies as to no loss of exemption from backup withholding and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. A stockholder who does not provide us with its correct taxpayer identification number also may be subject to penalties imposed by the IRS. 
 Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding tax will be offset by the amount of tax withheld. If backup withholding tax results in an overpayment of U.S. federal income taxes, a refund or credit may be obtained from the IRS, provided the required information is furnished timely thereto. 
 As a general matter, backup withholding and information reporting will not apply to a payment of the proceeds of a sale of our common stock by or through a foreign office of a foreign broker. Information reporting (but not backup withholding) will 

 22 

 apply, however, to a payment of the proceeds of a sale of our common stock by a foreign office of a broker that is a U.S. person, a foreign partnership that engaged during certain periods in the conduct of a trade or business in the United States or more than 50% of whose capital or profit interests are owned during certain periods by U.S. persons, any foreign person that derives 50% or more of its gross income for certain periods from the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, or a “controlled foreign corporation” for U.S. tax purposes, unless the broker has documentary evidence in its records that the holder is a Non-U.S. Stockholder and certain other conditions are satisfied, or the stockholder otherwise establishes an exemption. Payment to or through a U.S. office of a broker of the proceeds of a sale of our common stock is subject to both backup withholding and information reporting unless the stockholder certifies under penalties of perjury that the stockholder is a Non-U.S. Stockholder or otherwise establishes an exemption. A stockholder may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules in excess of its U.S. federal income tax liability by timely filing the appropriate claim for a refund with the IRS. 
 Other Tax Consequences 
 State and Local Taxes 
 We and our stockholders may be subject to taxation by various states and localities, including those in which we or a stockholder transact business, own property or reside. State and local tax treatment may differ from the federal income tax treatment described above. Consequently, stockholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the effect of state and local tax laws, in addition to federal, foreign and other tax laws, in connection with an investment in our common stock. 
 Possible Legislative or Other Actions Affecting Tax Consequences 
 You should recognize that future legislative, judicial and administrative actions or decisions, which may be retroactive in effect, could adversely affect our federal income tax treatment or the tax consequences of an investment in shares of our common stock. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, resulting in statutory changes as well as promulgation of new, or revisions to existing, regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts. We cannot predict the likelihood of passage of any new tax legislation or other provisions either directly or indirectly affecting us or our stockholders or the value of an investment in our common stock. 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that we currently deem not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of our securities could decline. 
 We have grouped these risk factors into three general categories: 

 • 

 Risks arising from our business; 

 • 

 Risks arising from our capital structure; and 

 • 

 Risks arising from our status as a REIT. 

 Risks Arising from Our Business 
 We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 The properties we lease to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI, and because the Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living are triple-net leases, we also depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. We cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its respective obligations under our leases, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, any failure by either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale 

 23 

 Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations. 
 The properties managed by Atria and Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Although Atria and Sunrise are managers, not tenants, of our properties, adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , Atria and Sunrise, collectively, managed 220 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. These properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on Atria’s and Sunrise’s personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Atria and Sunrise to set resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate our properties in accordance with the terms of our management agreements and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. For example, we depend on Atria’s and Sunrise’s ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force Sunrise or Atria to enhance its pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel, and Atria or Sunrise may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. Any increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by Atria or Sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in Atria’s or Sunrise’s senior management could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing communities and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Because Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as a triple-net tenant. However, any adverse developments in Atria’s or Sunrise’s business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. If Atria or Sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties due to a weak economy or otherwise, such difficulties could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties, or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, any one or a combination of which indirectly could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors could become bankrupt or insolvent. Although our lease, loan and management agreements provide us with the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. For example, a debtor-lessee may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. In addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, are generally more limited. Similarly, if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In the event of an obligor bankruptcy, we may also be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant, operator or manager. 
 If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases beyond their current term. If the Kindred Master Leases, our leases with Brookdale Senior Living or any of our other leases are not renewed, we would attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. In case of non-renewal, we generally have one year prior to expiration of the lease term to arrange for repositioning of the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) for the non-renewed assets until such expiration. However, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant or operator in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator. We also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases or other arrangements with new 

 24 

 tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. In addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 In the event of non-renewal or a tenant default, our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, our ability to locate suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses to attract suitable replacement tenants. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Moreover, in connection with certain of our properties, we have entered into intercreditor agreements with the tenants’ lenders or tri-party agreements with our lenders. Our ability to exercise remedies under those leases or management agreements or to reposition the applicable properties may be significantly delayed or limited by the terms of the intercreditor agreement or tri-party agreement. Any such delay or limit on our rights and remedies could adversely affect our ability to mitigate our losses and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 We have rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria and Sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace Atria or Sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed. 
 We are parties to long-term management agreements with each of Atria and Sunrise pursuant to which Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provide comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 220 of our seniors housing communities. Substantially all of our management agreements with Atria have terms expiring December 31, 2027, with successive automatic ten-year renewal periods. Our management agreements with Sunrise have terms ranging from 25 to 30 years, commencing as early as 2004 and as recently as 2012. Our ability to terminate these long-term management agreements is limited to specific circumstances set forth in the agreements and may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties. 
 We may terminate any of our Atria management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by Atria in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to Atria’s right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to Atria. In addition, we may terminate most of our management agreements with Atria based on the failure to achieve certain NOI targets or upon the payment of a fee. 
 We may terminate any of our Sunrise management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by Sunrise in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to Sunrise’s right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to Sunrise. In addition, we may terminate most of our management agreements with Sunrise based on the failure to achieve certain NOI targets or to comply with certain expense control covenants, also subject to certain rights of Sunrise to make cure payments to us, and upon the occurrence of certain other events or the existence of certain other conditions. 
 We continually monitor our contractual rights with Atria and Sunrise under their respective management agreements and assess our rights and remedies. When determining whether to pursue any existing or future rights or remedies under the Atria or Sunrise management agreements, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. In the event that we exercise our rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria or Sunrise for any reason or such agreements are not renewed upon expiration of their terms, we would attempt to find another manager for the properties covered by those agreements. Although we believe that many qualified national and regional seniors care providers would be interested in managing our seniors housing communities, we cannot provide any assurance that we would be able to locate another suitable manager or, if we are successful in locating such a manager, that it would manage the properties effectively. Moreover, any such replacement manager would require approval by the applicable regulatory authorities and, in most cases, the mortgage lenders for the properties, and we cannot provide any assurance that such approvals would be granted on a timely basis or at all. Any inability to replace, or a lengthy delay in replacing, Atria or Sunrise as manager following termination or non-renewal of our management agreements could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

 25 

 Merger and acquisition activity or consolidation in the healthcare and seniors housing industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor’s investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators or managers could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 The healthcare and seniors housing industries have recently experienced increased consolidation, including among owners of real estate and care providers. We compete with other healthcare REITs, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors that pursue a variety of investments, which may include investments in our tenants, operators and managers. A competitor’s investment in one of our tenants, operators or managers could enable our competitor to influence such tenant’s, operator’s or managers’ business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, operator or manager or is otherwise adverse to our interests. In certain cases involving our competitor’s investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, operator or manager, depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may have the right to consent to such investment, change of control or other transaction or otherwise exercise rights and remedies, including termination rights, on account thereof. In deciding whether to exercise our rights and remedies, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. In addition, in connection with any change of control of a tenant, operator or manager, the tenant’s, operator’s or manager’s management team may change, which could lead to a change in the tenant’s, operator’s or manager’s strategy or adversely affect the business of the tenant, operator or manager, either of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations. 
 We continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. Our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations, including, among other things, that: 

 • 

 We may be unable to successfully integrate the operations or information technology of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated timeframe or at all; 

 • 

 We may be unable to effectively monitor and manage our expanded portfolio of properties, retain key employees or attract highly qualified new employees; 

 • 

 Projections of estimated future revenues, costs savings or operating metrics that we develop during the due diligence and integration planning process might be inaccurate; 

 • 

 Acquisitions and other new investments could divert management’s attention from our existing assets; 

 • 

 The value of acquired assets or the market price of our common stock may decline; and 

 • 

 We may be unable to continue paying dividends at the current rate. 

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquired properties and other investments or integrate acquisitions without encountering difficulties or that any such difficulties will not have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our pursuit of investments in, and acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and healthcare assets may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. 
 We intend to continue to pursue investments in, and acquisitions or development of, additional seniors housing and healthcare assets domestically and internationally, subject to the contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness. When we attempt to finance, acquire or develop these types of properties, we compete with other healthcare REITs, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors, some of whom have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business objectives and could improve the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell, thereby impeding our investment, acquisition and development activities. Our ability to compete successfully for investment and acquisition opportunities is affected by many factors, including our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors. See “Business—Competition” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities, or both, to finance future investments, acquisitions or development activity, our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline. 
 Investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and healthcare properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including that the investment’s performance will fail to meet expectations, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will underperform. Real estate development projects present other risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to 

 26 

 obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the incurrence of significant development costs prior to completion of the project. In addition to risks associated with real estate investments and development generally, healthcare properties are often highly customized and may require costly tenant-specific improvements. Furthermore, investments outside the United States create legal, economic and market risks associated with operating in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations and foreign tax risks. 
 If the liabilities we have assumed in connection with past acquisitions or the liabilities we assume in connection with future acquisitions are greater than expected, or if there are unknown liabilities, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may assume or incur certain liabilities in connection with our acquisitions, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities. As we integrate these acquisitions, we may learn additional information about the sellers, the properties, their operations and their liabilities that adversely affects us, such as: 

 • 

 Liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions; 

 • 

 Unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers; 

 • 

 Liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition; 

 • 

 Claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and 

 • 

 Liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition. 

 As a result, we cannot assure you that our past or future acquisitions will be successful or will not, in fact, harm our business. Among other things, if the liabilities we have assumed in connection with past acquisitions or the liabilities we assume in connection with future acquisitions are greater than expected, or if there are obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses of which we were or are not aware at the time we completed or complete the acquisition, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our investments are concentrated in seniors housing and healthcare real estate, making us more vulnerable economically to adverse changes in the real estate market and the seniors housing and healthcare industries than if our investments were diversified. 
 We invest primarily in seniors housing and healthcare properties, and our ability to make investments outside the seniors housing and healthcare industries is restricted by the terms of our existing indebtedness. Our investment focus exposes us to greater economic risk than if our portfolio were to include real estate assets in other industries or non-real estate assets. 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in government regulation and reimbursement can have material adverse consequences on the healthcare industry, some of which may be unintended. The healthcare industry is also highly competitive and our operators and managers may encounter increased competition that could limit their ability to attract residents and patients or expand their businesses, which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. The occupancy levels at, and revenues from, our properties depend on the ability of our tenants, operators and managers to successfully compete with other operators and managers, including with respect to the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price and location. We cannot assure you that future changes in government regulation will not adversely affect the healthcare industry, including our seniors housing and healthcare operations, tenants and operators, nor can we be certain that our tenants, operators and managers will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Any adverse changes in the regulation of the healthcare industry or the competitiveness of our tenants, operators and managers could have a more pronounced effect on us than if our investments were further diversified. 
 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. In the event we desire or need to sell any of our properties, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at a price or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry or any weakness in the seniors housing and healthcare industries. In addition, transfers of healthcare properties may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial properties. We cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell for liquidity or other reasons, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 27 

 We have now, and may have in the future, exposure to contingent rent escalators, which can hinder our growth and profitability. 
 We receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing certain of our assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates that are subject to annual escalations. The annual escalations in certain of our leases are contingent upon the achievement of specified revenue parameters or based on changes in the Consumer Price Index. If, as a result of weak economic conditions or other factors, the properties subject to these leases do not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters or the Consumer Price Index does not increase, our growth and profitability will be hindered by these leases. 
 Our operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our senior living and MOB operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues, thereby reducing our profitability. These operational risks include fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to achieve economic resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), rent control regulations, increases in the cost of food, materials, energy, labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise) or other services, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, professional and general liability claims, and the availability and cost of professional and general liability insurance. Any one or a combination of these factors could result in operating deficiencies in our senior living operations or MOB operations reportable business segments, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 We own certain properties subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to the loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. 
 We invest in many of our MOBs and other properties, and we may invest in additional properties in the future, through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. Many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us or terminated. 
 We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our loans and other investments, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be unable to successfully sell any acquired equity interests or reposition any acquired properties, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 
 If a borrower defaults under mortgage or other secured loans for which we are the lender, we may attempt to foreclose on the collateral securing those loans, including by acquiring the pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. In response, the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies, or bring claims against us for lender liability. If a defaulting borrower seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing foreclosure or other available remedies against the borrower unless relief is first obtained from the court with jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In addition, we may be subject to intercreditor agreements that delay, impact, govern or limit our ability to foreclose on a lien securing a loan or otherwise delay or limit our pursuit of our rights and remedies. Any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Even if we successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our mortgage loans and other investments, foreclosure-related costs, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in equity or property value could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our secured loans, and we could be required to record a valuation allowance for such losses. Moreover, we may acquire equity interests that we are unable to sell due to securities law restrictions or otherwise, and we may acquire title to properties that we are unable to reposition with new tenants or operators on a timely basis, if at all, or without making improvements or repairs to the properties. Any delay or costs incurred in repositioning the properties could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 
 The federal government’s failure to increase its borrowing authority, scheduled reductions in federal government spending or future legislation to address the federal government’s projected operating deficit could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The amount of debt that the federal government is permitted to incur (the “debt ceiling”) is limited by statute and can be increased only by legislation adopted by the U.S. Congress. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has indicated in public 

 28 

 statements that, without an increase or suspension of the debt ceiling beyond its current effective date of May 20, 2013, the federal government will be unable to meet all of its financial commitments. The federal government’s failure to increase the debt ceiling as needed to meet its future financial commitments or a downgrade in the debt rating on U.S. government securities as a result of the uncertainty related to the debt ceiling could lead to a weakened U.S. dollar, rising interest rates and constrained access to capital, which could materially adversely affect the U.S. and global economies, increase our costs of borrowing and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Under the Budget Control Act, a 2% reduction in Medicare payments to long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities (part of $1.2 trillion of sequestration), is expected to take effect on April 1, 2013. President Obama and members of the U.S. Congress have proposed various spending cuts and tax reform initiatives as alternatives to sequestration. Such alternatives or sequestration could result in changes (including substantial reductions in funding) to Medicare, Medicaid or Medicare Advantage Plans. Any such alternative, sequestration or future federal legislation relating to deficit reduction that reduces reimbursement payments to healthcare providers could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our tenants, operators and managers may be adversely affected by healthcare regulation and enforcement. 
 The regulatory environment of the long-term healthcare industry has generally intensified over time both in the amount and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. This is particularly true for large for-profit, multi-facility providers like Kindred, Brookdale Senior Living, Atria and Sunrise. The extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and equipment, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, quality of care, patient rights, fraudulent or abusive behavior, and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. Moreover, changes in enforcement policies by federal and state governments have resulted in an increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, bars on Medicare and Medicaid payments for new admissions, civil monetary penalties and even criminal penalties. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are unable to predict the scope of future federal, state and local regulations and legislation, including the Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to such regulations and legislation, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, operators and managers, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Further, if our tenants, operators and managers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to their businesses and the operation of our properties, they could become ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs, face bans on admissions of new patients or residents, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to their operations. Our tenants, operators and managers also could be forced to expend considerable resources responding to an investigation or other enforcement action under applicable laws or regulations. In such event, the results of operations and financial condition of our tenants, operators and managers and the results of operations of our properties operated or managed by those entities could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us. 
 Certain of our tenants and operators rely on reimbursement from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, for substantially all of their revenues. Federal and state legislators and regulators have adopted or proposed various cost-containment measures that would limit payments to healthcare providers, and budget crises and financial shortfalls have caused states to implement or consider Medicaid rate freezes or cuts. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Private third-party payors have also continued their efforts to control healthcare costs. We cannot assure you that adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services to be provided by our tenants and operators that currently depend on Medicare, Medicaid or private payor reimbursement. Significant limits by governmental and private third-party payors on the scope of services reimbursed or on reimbursement rates and fees—whether from sequestration, alternatives to sequestration or future legislation or administrative actions—could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of certain of our tenants and operators, which could affect adversely their ability to make rental payments under, and otherwise comply with the terms of, their leases with us and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

 29 

 Our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on our joint venture partners’ financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners, and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we owned 28 MOBs, 11 seniors housing communities, nine skilled nursing facilities and one hospital through consolidated joint ventures, and we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in 21 MOBs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities through investments in unconsolidated entities. In addition, we had a 34% ownership interest in Atria as of December 31, 2012 . These joint ventures and unconsolidated entities involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following: 

 • 

 We may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property; 

 • 

 For joint ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose; 

 • 

 Our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted if we fail to obtain the prior consent of our joint venture partners; 

 • 

 Our joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which could delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture; 

 • 

 Our joint venture partners might have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, including with respect to the timing, terms and strategies for investment, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property; 

 • 

 Disagreements with our joint venture partners about decisions affecting a property or the joint venture could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and 

 • 

 We may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments. 

 Events that adversely affect the ability of seniors and their families to afford daily resident fees at our seniors housing communities could cause our occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations to decline. 
 By and large, assisted and independent living services are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Hence, substantially all of the resident fee revenues generated by our senior living operations are derived from private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members. Due to the significant expense associated with building new properties and the staffing and other costs of providing services, the daily resident and care fees at seniors housing communities are generally affordable only for seniors with income or assets that meet or exceed the comparable regional median. A weak economy, depressed housing market or changes in demographics could adversely affect the continued ability of these seniors and their families to afford the daily resident and care fees. If the managers of our seniors housing communities are unable to attract and retain seniors that have sufficient income, assets or other resources to pay the fees associated with assisted and independent living services, the occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations of our senior living operations could decline, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Termination of resident lease agreements could adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 
 Applicable regulations governing assisted living communities generally require a written lease agreement with each resident that gives the resident the right to terminate his or her lease agreement for any reason on reasonable notice. Consistent with these regulations, the resident lease agreements entered into by the managers of our seniors housing communities generally allow residents to terminate their lease agreements on 30 days’ notice. Thus, unlike typical apartment lease agreements that have terms of one year or longer, our managers cannot contract with residents to stay for longer periods of time. Due to the terms of the lease agreements and the age of the residents, the resident turnover rate in our seniors housing communities may be difficult to predict. If a large number of resident lease agreements terminate at or around the same time, and if the affected units remain unoccupied, our revenues and earnings could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

 30 

 Overbuilding in markets in which our seniors housing communities and MOBs are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability. 
 The seniors housing and MOB industries generally have limited barriers to entry, and, as a consequence, the development of new seniors housing communities or MOBs could outpace demand. If development outpaces demand for those asset types in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability. 
 The hospitals on whose campuses our MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our MOBs. 
 Our MOB operations depend on the viability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our MOBs are located and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our MOBs. The viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on factors such as the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, competition, demographic trends in the surrounding community, market position and growth potential, as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. If a hospital on or near whose campus one of our MOBs is located is unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, the hospital may be unable to compete successfully or could be forced to close or relocate, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients. Because we rely on our proximity to and affiliations with these hospitals to create demand for space in our MOBs, the hospitals’ inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could materially adversely affect our MOB operations and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 We may not be able to maintain or expand our relationships with our existing and future hospital and health system clients. 
 The success of our MOB operations depends, to a large extent, on our past, current and future relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems. We invest a significant amount of time to develop our relationships with both new and existing clients, and these relationships have helped us to secure acquisition and development opportunities, as well as other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects. If our relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems deteriorate, or if a conflict of interest or non-compete arrangement prevents us from expanding these relationships, our ability to secure new acquisition and development opportunities or other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects could be adversely impacted and our professional reputation within the industry could be damaged. 
 Our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns. 
 We consider and, when appropriate, invest in development and redevelopment projects. In deciding whether to make an investment in a particular project, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the property. Our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that: 

 • 

 We may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all; 

 • 

 We may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts; 

 • 

 We may encounter delays in obtaining or fail to obtain all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations, or underestimate the costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property to market standards; 

 • 

 Construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs; 

 • 

 Volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs; 

 • 

 In the case of our MOB developments, hospitals or health systems may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the development schedule; 

 • 

 Our builders may fail to perform or satisfy the expectations of our clients or prospective clients; 

 • 

 We may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions; 

 • 

 Tenants may not lease space at the quantity or rental rate levels or on the schedule projected; 

 31 

 • 

 Demand for our project may decrease prior to completion, including due to competition from other developments; and 

 • 

 Lease rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped properties may fluctuate based on factors beyond our control, including market and economic conditions. 

 In MOB development projects that we undertake on a fee-for-service basis, we generally construct properties for clients in exchange for a fixed fee, which creates additional risks such as the inability to pass on increased labor and construction material costs to our clients, development and construction delays that could give our counterparties the right to receive penalties from us, and bankruptcy or default by our contractors. We attempt to mitigate these risks by establishing certain limits on our obligations, shifting some of the risk to the general contractor or seeking other legal protections, but we cannot assure you that our mitigation efforts will be effective. 
 If any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 The amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers may not adequately insure against losses. 
 We maintain or require in our existing lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, operators and managers maintain adequate insurance coverage on our properties and their operations. Although we regularly review the scope and level of insurance maintained by us and our tenants, operators and managers and believe the coverage provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance. We also cannot assure you that we will continue to maintain or require that our tenants, operators and managers maintain the same levels of insurance coverage, that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or that the insurance coverage provided will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, nor can we make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers. 
 Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could incur substantial liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. Following the occurrence of such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future. 
 As part of our MOB development business, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services, and any design, construction or systems failures related to the properties we develop may result in substantial injury or damage to clients or third parties. Injury or damage claims may arise in the ordinary course and may be asserted with respect to ongoing or completed projects. Although we maintain liability insurance, if any claim results in a loss, we cannot assure you that our insurance coverage would be adequate to cover the loss in full. If we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to make a payment for the difference and could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, the affected MOB, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Significant legal actions could subject us or our tenants, operators and managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to claims brought against us in lawsuits and other legal proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants, operators and managers for which such tenants, operators and managers may have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. An unfavorable resolution of any such pending or future litigation could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 In certain cases, we and our tenants, operators and managers may be subject to professional liability claims brought by plaintiffs’ attorneys seeking significant punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. Due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against healthcare and seniors housing providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has been restricted and the premiums on such insurance coverage remain very high. As a result, our insurance coverage and the insurance coverage of our tenants, operators and managers might not cover all claims against us or them and might not be available to us or them at a reasonable cost. If we or our tenants, operators and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay punitive damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities. 

 32 

 In an effort to reduce and manage costs and for various other reasons, many companies in the healthcare industry, including some of our tenants, operators and managers, utilize different organizational and corporate structures coupled with self-insurance trusts or programs (commonly referred to as “captives”) that may provide them with less insurance coverage. Companies that insure any part of their general and professional liability risks through their own captive limited purpose entities generally estimate the future cost of general and professional liability through actuarial studies that rely primarily on historical data. However, due to the rise in the number and severity of professional claims against healthcare providers, these actuarial studies may underestimate the future cost of claims, and reserves for future claims may not be adequate to cover the actual cost of those claims. As a result, the tenants, operators and managers of our properties who self-insure could incur large funded and unfunded professional liability expense, which could materially adversely affect their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their obligations to us or, in the case of our senior living operations, our results of operations and, in either case, have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Likewise, if we decide to implement a captive self-insurance program, any large funded and unfunded professional liability expenses that we incur could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our operators may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute. 
 Our operators who engage in business with the federal government may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute designed to combat fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These lawsuits can involve significant monetary damages and award bounties to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits. If any of these lawsuits were to be brought against our operators, such suits combined with increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operation and on their ability to comply with the terms of their leases with us, including their ability to make rental payments to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 If any of our properties are found to be contaminated, or if we become involved in any environmental disputes, we could incur substantial liabilities and costs. 
 Under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with such property. Owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. In certain circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former operator of the property. Although we are generally indemnified by the current operators of our properties for contamination caused by them, these indemnities may not adequately cover all environmental costs. See “Governmental Regulation—Environmental Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Volatility or disruption in the capital markets could prevent our counterparties from satisfying their obligations to us. 
 Interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions could limit the ability of our tenants, operators and managers to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. In addition, any difficulty in accessing capital or other sources of funds experienced by our other counterparties, such as letters of credit issuers, insurance carriers, banking institutions, title companies and escrow agents, could prevent such counterparties from remaining viable entities or satisfying their obligations to us, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business. 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our key officers and employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. Losing any one or more of these persons could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management’s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial 

 33 

 reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Moreover, changes to our business will necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems and processes. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely harmed and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas to which a greater percentage of our NOI is attributed could adversely affect our financial results. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2012 , approximately 37.3% of our total NOI (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from properties located in California (12.6%), Texas (7.2%), New York (6.8%), Illinois (5.4%), and Massachusetts (5.3%). As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, increased competition or decreased demand, regional climate events and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 Our ownership of 12 seniors housing communities in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and British Columbia subjects us to fluctuations in U.S. and Canadian currency exchange rates, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing or healthcare assets outside the United States, we may transact business in currencies other than U.S. or Canadian dollars. Although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such fluctuations will not have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure 
 We may become more leveraged. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $8.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness (including capital lease obligations). The instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may elect to meet our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. A high level of indebtedness would require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. A high level of indebtedness could also have the following consequences: 

 • 

 Potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries; 

 • 

 Potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing for our business strategy; and 

 • 

 Potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing. 

 In addition, from time to time, we mortgage certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. If we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value. 
 We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment and development activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective. 
 We receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing certain of our assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates that are subject to annual escalations. Certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of LIBOR, Bankers’ Acceptance or other indexes. The generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. Although our operating assets provide a partial hedge against interest rate fluctuations, if interest rates rise, the costs of our existing floating rate debt and any new debt that we incur would also increase. These increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment and development activity. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing. An increase in interest rates could also decrease the 

 34 

 amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 We may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve risk, including the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing REITs, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than would otherwise be the case. Moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the necessary capital to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy, and the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Although we believe that we have sufficient access to capital and other sources of funding to meet our expected liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate or that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operation and financial condition. If we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to realize the maximum return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us. 
 As a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market’s perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and future earnings and cash distributions. Our failure to meet the market’s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs. We also rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our unsecured revolving credit facility. If these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our unsecured revolving credit facility and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Covenants in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could materially adversely affect our operations. 
 The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any other indebtedness of ours that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. Financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Risks Arising from Our Status as a REIT 
 Loss of our status as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock. 
 If we lose our status as a REIT (currently and/or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: 

 • 

 We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 

 • 

 We could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and increased state and local taxes; and 

 • 

 Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. 

 35 

 In addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a REIT for tax purposes. Although we believe that we qualify as a REIT, we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. 
 The 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions. 
 To comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to REITs and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. See “Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Annual Distribution Requirements” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such distributions will limit our liquidity to finance investments, acquisitions and new developments and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Although we do not anticipate any inability to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to do so. For example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. 
 In the event that timing differences occur or we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements. Any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see “—Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure—Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.” The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions. 
 To preserve our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company. 
 To assist us in preserving our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock or more than 9.0% of our outstanding common stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of the applicable limit are considered “excess shares” and are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our Board of Directors. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. In addition, we have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, but if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our Board of Directors. These ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 Seniors Housing and Healthcare Properties 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we owned more than 1,400 properties, including seniors housing communities, skilled nursing and other facilities, MOBs, and hospitals, in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces, and we had three new properties under development. We believe that maintaining a balanced portfolio of high-quality assets diversified across many key attributes – geographic location, asset type, tenant/manager mix, revenue source and operating model – makes us less 

 36 

 susceptible to single-state regulatory or reimbursement changes, regional climate events and local economic downturns and diminishes the risk that any single factor or event could materially harm our business. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had $2.9 billion aggregate principal amount of mortgage loan obligations outstanding, secured by 248 properties, of which our share was $2.7 billion. 

 37 

 The following table provides additional information regarding the geographic diversification of our portfolio of properties as of December 31, 2012 (including investments in unconsolidated entities, but excluding properties classified as held for sale): 

 Seniors Housing 
 Communities 

 Skilled Nursing and Other 
 Facilities 

 MOBs 

 Hospitals 

 Geographic Location 

 Number of 
 Properties 

 Units 

 Number of Properties 

 Licensed 
 Beds 

 Number of Properties 

 Square Feet 

 Number of Properties 

 Licensed Beds 

 Alabama 

 9 

 609 

 2 

 329 

 4 

 468,887 

 — 

 — 

 Arizona 

 21 

 1,803 

 3 

 462 

 13 

 938,176 

 4 

 220 

 Arkansas 

 6 

 369 

 8 

 875 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 California 

 66 

 7,770 

 9 

 1,115 

 24 

 1,924,325 

 7 

 587 

 Colorado 

 15 

 1,307 

 4 

 460 

 10 

 764,887 

 1 

 68 

 Connecticut 

 13 

 1,513 

 7 

 798 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 District of Columbia 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 2 

 101,580 

 — 

 — 

 Florida 

 45 

 4,426 

 1 

 171 

 19 

 547,533 

 6 

 511 

 Georgia 

 10 

 910 

 5 

 620 

 16 

 1,250,105 

 — 

 — 

 Idaho 

 1 

 70 

 7 

 624 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Illinois 

 17 

 2,606 

 1 

 82 

 28 

 806,544 

 4 

 430 

 Indiana 

 16 

 1,236 

 34 

 3,782 

 15 

 947,857 

 1 

 59 

 Kansas 

 12 

 726 

 5 

 374 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Kentucky 

 7 

 624 

 29 

 3,273 

 3 

 160,534 

 2 

 424 

 Louisiana 

 1 

 58 

 — 

 — 

 8 

 560,792 

 1 

 168 

 Maine 

 4 

 624 

 8 

 654 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Maryland 

 5 

 360 

 3 

 445 

 2 

 82,663 

 — 

 — 

 Massachusetts 

 18 

 1,922 

 47 

 5,358 

 — 

 — 

 2 

 109 

 Michigan 

 24 

 1,642 

 1 

 330 

 11 

 439,429 

 — 

 — 

 Minnesota 

 17 

 910 

 4 

 626 

 3 

 243,406 

 — 

 — 

 Mississippi 

 1 

 52 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 50,575 

 — 

 — 

 Missouri 

 — 

 — 

 12 

 1,086 

 21 

 1,105,185 

 2 

 227 

 Montana 

 3 

 295 

 2 

 276 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Nebraska 

 1 

 135 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Nevada 

 6 

 618 

 3 

 299 

 2 

 149,248 

 1 

 52 

 New Hampshire 

 — 

 — 

 3 

 502 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 New Jersey 

 14 

 1,242 

 1 

 153 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 New Mexico 

 5 

 459 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 61 

 New York 

 41 

 4,587 

 9 

 1,566 

 1 

 111,634 

 — 

 — 

 North Carolina 

 19 

 1,810 

 17 

 1,876 

 21 

 877,512 

 1 

 124 

 North Dakota 

 1 

 48 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Ohio 

 26 

 1,755 

 21 

 2,780 

 29 

 1,286,936 

 — 

 — 

 Oklahoma 

 10 

 617 

 3 

 235 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 59 

 Oregon 

 18 

 1,518 

 14 

 1,358 

 1 

 105,375 

 — 

 — 

 Pennsylvania 

 31 

 2,319 

 7 

 934 

 7 

 564,634 

 2 

 115 

 Rhode Island 

 6 

 648 

 1 

 129 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 South Carolina 

 3 

 224 

 4 

 602 

 23 

 1,299,015 

 — 

 — 

 South Dakota 

 4 

 182 

 2 

 246 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Tennessee 

 19 

 1,620 

 5 

 601 

 12 

 459,120 

 1 

 49 

 Texas 

 52 

 3,765 

 53 

 5,586 

 17 

 1,128,762 

 10 

 615 

 Utah 

 3 

 393 

 5 

 476 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Vermont 

 — 

 — 

 1 

 144 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Virginia 

 8 

 655 

 9 

 1,323 

 4 

 139,296 

 — 

 — 

 Washington 

 18 

 1,838 

 19 

 1,876 

 11 

 586,975 

 — 

 — 

 West Virginia 

 2 

 124 

 4 

 326 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Wisconsin 

 68 

 2,931 

 18 

 2,441 

 12 

 482,093 

 — 

 — 

 Wyoming 

 1 

 48 

 4 

 371 

 1 

 78,932 

 — 

 — 

 Total U.S. 

 667 

 57,368 

 395 

 45,564 

 321 

 17,662,010 

 47 

 3,878 

 British Columbia 

 3 

 276 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Ontario 

 9 

 848 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Total Canada 

 12 

 1,124 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Total 

 679 

 58,492 

 395 

 45,564 

 321 

 17,662,010 

 47 

 3,878 

 38 

 Corporate Offices 
 Our headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois, and we have additional offices in Louisville, Kentucky, Plano, Texas, Irvine, California and Charlotte, North Carolina. We lease all of our corporate offices other than our North Carolina office. 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information contained in “Note 16—Litigation” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. Except as set forth therein, we are not a party to, nor is any of our property the subject of, any material pending legal proceedings. 
 ITEM 4. (Removed and Reserved) 

 PART II 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock, par value $0.25 per share, is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “VTR.” The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported on the NYSE and the dividends declared per share. 

 Sales Price of 
 Common Stock 

 Dividends 
 Declared 

 High 

 Low 

 2012 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 59.05 

 $ 

 53.24 

 $ 

 0.62 

 Second Quarter 

 63.12 

 53.94 

 0.62 

 Third Quarter 

 68.15 

 61.52 

 0.62 

 Fourth Quarter 

 65.71 

 61.30 

 0.62 

 2011 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 57.45 

 $ 

 50.98 

 $ 

 0.575 

 Second Quarter 

 57.08 

 50.87 

 0.575 

 Third Quarter 

 55.75 

 43.25 

 0.575 

 Fourth Quarter 

 56.73 

 46.21 

 0.575 

 As of February 12, 2013 , we had 291,943,762 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 5,200 stockholders of record. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 We pay regular quarterly dividends to holders of our common stock to comply with the provisions of the Code governing REITs. On February 13, 2013 , our Board of Directors declared the first quarterly installment of our 2013 dividend in the amount of $0.67 per share, payable in cash on March 28, 2013 to stockholders of record on March 8, 2013 . We expect to distribute at least 100% of our taxable net income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, to our stockholders for 2013 . See “Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Annual Distribution Requirements” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In general, our Board of Directors makes decisions regarding the nature, frequency and amount of our dividends on a quarterly basis. Because the Board considers a number of factors when making these decisions, including our current and future liquidity needs and financial condition, our current and projected results of operations and the performance and credit quality of our tenants, operators, managers and borrowers, we cannot provide any assurance that we will maintain the policy of paying regular quarterly dividends to continue to qualify as a REIT. Please see “Cautionary Statements” and the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of other factors that may affect our distribution policy. 
 Our stockholders may reinvest all or a portion of any cash distribution on their shares of our common stock by 

 39 

 participating in our Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, subject to the terms of the plan. See “Note 17—Capital Stock” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Director and Employee Stock Sales 
 Certain of our directors, executive officers and other employees have adopted and may adopt, from time to time in the future, non-discretionary, written trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, or otherwise monetize, gift or transfer their equity-based compensation. These transactions typically are conducted for estate, tax and financial planning purposes and are subject to compliance with our Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy and Procedures (“Securities Trading Policy”), the minimum stock ownership requirements contained in our Guidelines on Governance and all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Our Securities Trading Policy expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from buying or selling derivatives with respect to our securities or other financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of our securities and from engaging in short sales with respect to our securities. In addition, our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors and executive officers from holding our securities in margin accounts or pledging our securities to secure loans without the prior approval of our Audit and Compliance Committee. Each of our executive officers has advised us that he or she is in compliance with the Securities Trading Policy and has not pledged any of our equity securities to secure margin or other loans. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 The table below summarizes repurchases of our common stock made during the quarter ended December 31, 2012 : 

 Number of Shares 
 Repurchased 

 Average Price 
 Per Share 

 October 1 through October 31 

 — 

 $ 

 — 

 November 1 through November 30 (1) 

 13,079 

 $ 

 63.65 

 December 1 through December 31 (2) 

 3,697,541 

 $ 

 59.79 

 (1) 

 Repurchases represent shares withheld to pay (i) taxes on the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units or on the exercise of options granted to employees under our 2006 Incentive Plan or under the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. (“NHP”) 2005 Performance Incentive Plan and assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of NHP or (ii) the exercise price of options granted to employees under the NHP 2005 Performance Incentive Plan and assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of NHP. The value of the shares withheld is the closing price of our common stock on the date the vesting or exercise occurs or the fair value of our common stock at the time of exercise, as the case may be. 

 (2) 

 Repurchases represent shares owned by the Funds that we acquired in December 2012. 

 40 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total return (including dividends) to the holders of our common stock from December 31, 2007 through December 31, 2012 , with the cumulative total returns of the NYSE Composite Index, the FTSE NAREIT Composite REIT Index (the “Composite REIT Index”) and the S&P 500 Index over the same period. The comparison assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2007 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indexes and assumes reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. We have included the NYSE Composite Index in the performance graph because our common stock is listed on the NYSE, and we have included the S&P 500 Index because we are a member of the S&P 500. We have included the Composite REIT Index because we believe that it is most representative of the industries in which we compete, or otherwise provides a fair basis for comparison with us, and is therefore particularly relevant to an assessment of our performance. The figures in the table below are rounded to the nearest dollar. 

 12/31/2007 

 12/31/2008 

 12/31/2009 

 12/31/2010 

 12/31/2011 

 12/31/2012 

 Ventas 

 $100 

 $78 

 $108 

 $136 

 $149 

 $183 

 NYSE Composite Index 

 $100 

 $61 

 $78 

 $88 

 $85 

 $99 

 Composite REIT Index 

 $100 

 $62 

 $79 

 $101 

 $109 

 $130 

 S&P 500 Index 

 $100 

 $63 

 $80 

 $92 

 $94 

 $109 

 41 

 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 
 You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as acquisitions, divestitures, changes in accounting policies and other items impact the comparability of the financial data. 

 As of and For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Operating Data 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 1,194,060 

 $ 

 803,455 

 $ 

 523,339 

 $ 

 480,531 

 $ 

 461,017 

 Resident fees and services 

 1,229,479 

 868,095 

 446,301 

 421,058 

 429,257 

 Interest expense 

 293,401 

 229,346 

 172,474 

 172,358 

 201,022 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 969,342 

 647,193 

 315,953 

 302,813 

 306,944 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 98,801 

 74,537 

 49,830 

 38,830 

 40,651 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 305,573 

 363,133 

 213,444 

 187,026 

 165,043 

 Discontinued operations 

 57,227 

 1,360 

 32,723 

 79,469 

 57,560 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 362,800 

 364,493 

 246,167 

 266,495 

 222,603 

 Per Share Data 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, basic 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.59 

 $ 

 1.36 

 $ 

 1.23 

 $ 

 1.18 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders, basic 

 $ 

 1.24 

 $ 

 1.60 

 $ 

 1.57 

 $ 

 1.75 

 $ 

 1.59 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, diluted 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.57 

 $ 

 1.35 

 $ 

 1.22 

 $ 

 1.18 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders, diluted 

 $ 

 1.23 

 $ 

 1.58 

 $ 

 1.56 

 $ 

 1.74 

 $ 

 1.59 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 $ 

 2.48 

 $ 

 2.30 

 $ 

 2.14 

 $ 

 2.05 

 $ 

 2.05 

 Other Data 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 992,816 

 $ 

 773,197 

 $ 

 447,622 

 $ 

 422,101 

 $ 

 379,907 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (2,169,689 

 ) 

 (997,439 

 ) 

 (301,920 

 ) 

 (1,746 

 ) 

 (136,256 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 1,198,914 

 248,282 

 (231,452 

 ) 

 (490,180 

 ) 

 (95,979 

 ) 

 FFO(1) 

 1,024,567 

 824,851 

 421,506 

 393,409 

 412,357 

 Normalized FFO(1) 

 1,120,225 

 776,963 

 453,981 

 409,045 

 379,469 

 Balance Sheet Data 

 Real estate investments, at cost 

 $ 

 19,745,607 

 $ 

 17,830,262 

 $ 

 6,747,699 

 $ 

 6,399,421 

 $ 

 6,256,562 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 67,908 

 45,807 

 21,812 

 107,397 

 176,812 

 Total assets 

 18,980,000 

 17,271,910 

 5,758,021 

 5,616,245 

 5,771,418 

 Senior notes payable and other debt 

 8,413,646 

 6,429,116 

 2,900,044 

 2,670,101 

 3,136,998 

 _______________ 

 (1) 

 We believe that net income, as defined by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), is the most appropriate earnings measurement. However, we consider Funds From Operations (“FFO”) and normalized FFO to be appropriate measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. We also believe that normalized FFO provides useful information because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the 

 42 

 operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by unanticipated items and other events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and normalized FFO because it investors, allows analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items. 

 We use the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) definition of FFO. NAREIT defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) net gains on real estate activity; (b) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles and transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to our lawsuit against HCP, Inc. in 2011; (c) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (d) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses; (e) the impact of future unannounced acquisitions or divestitures (including pursuant to tenant options to purchase) and capital transactions; (f) the financial impact of contingent consideration; (g) charitable donations made to the Ventas Charitable Foundation; and (h) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments. 

 FFO, normalized FFO and certain non-cash items presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or otherwise disclosed by us, may not be identical to FFO, normalized FFO or identified non-cash items presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. FFO and normalized FFO (or either measure adjusted for non-cash items) should not be considered alternatives to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are FFO and normalized FFO (or either measure adjusted for non-cash items) necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds from Operations” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a reconciliation of FFO and normalized FFO to our GAAP earnings. 

 ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of Ventas, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us” or “our”). You should read this discussion in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Management’s Discussion and Analysis will help you understand: 

 • 

 Who we are and the environment in which we operate; 

 • 

 Our 2012 highlights; 

 • 

 Our critical accounting policies and estimates; 

 • 

 Our results of operations for the last three years; 

 • 

 How we manage our assets and liabilities; 

 • 

 Our liquidity and capital resources; 

 • 

 Our cash flows; and 

 • 

 Our future contractual obligations. 

 Corporate and Operating Environment 
 We are a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned more than 1,400 properties, including seniors housing communities, skilled nursing and other facilities, medical office buildings (“MOBs”), and hospitals, in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces, and we had three new properties under development. We are an S&P 500 company and currently headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. 

 43 

 We primarily acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. As of December 31, 2012 , we leased 898 properties (excluding MOBs and properties classified as held for sale) to healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as Atria Senior Living, Inc. (“Atria”) and Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (formerly Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. and, together with its subsidiaries, “Sunrise”), to manage 223 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Kindred”) and Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Brookdale Senior Living”) leased from us 196 properties and 148 properties (excluding six properties included in investments in unconsolidated entities and properties classified as held for sale), respectively, as of December 31, 2012 . 
 In addition, through our Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. (“Lillibridge”) subsidiary and our ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC (“PMBRES”), we provide MOB management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. From time to time, we also make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
 We conduct our operations through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. See “Note 20—Segment Information” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had: 100% ownership interests in 1,338 properties; controlling interests in 28 MOBs, 11 seniors housing communities, nine skilled nursing facilities and one hospital owned through consolidated joint ventures; and ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in 21 MOBs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities through investments in unconsolidated entities. Through Lillibridge and PMBRES, we also provided management and leasing services to third parties with respect to 82 MOBs as of December 31, 2012 . 
 Our principal objective is to enhance shareholder value by delivering superior, reliable returns. To achieve this objective, we pursue a business strategy of: (1) generating consistent, reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, well-diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. 
 Our ability to access capital in a timely and cost effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. Our access to and cost of external capital are dependent on various factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock. Generally, we attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in senior housing and healthcare properties with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt. At December 31, 2012 , approximately 20% of our consolidated debt (excluding debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale) was variable rate debt. 
 2012 Highlights 
 During the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 • 

 We completed $2.7 billion of gross investments, including the acquisitions of: 

 • 

 Cogdell Spencer Inc. (“Cogdell”), with its 71 real estate assets (including properties owned through joint ventures) and its MOB property management business, for an investment of approximately $760 million, including debt; 

 • 

 16 seniors housing communities managed by Sunrise (the “Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities”) for approximately $362 million; 

 • 

 100% of various private investment funds (the “Funds”) previously managed by Lazard Frères Real Estate Investors LLC or its affiliates (“LFREI”), which Funds own a 34% interest in Atria and 3.7 million shares of our common stock; and 

 • 

 Controlling interests in 36 MOBs that that we previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities; 

 • 

 We sold 43 properties and received final repayment on loans receivable and marketable debt securities for aggregate proceeds of approximately $422 million, including certain fees, and recognized a net gain of $81.0 million from the dispositions; 

 44 

 • 

 We paid an annual cash dividend on our common stock of $2.48 per share, which represents an 8% increase over the prior year and was paid to stockholders in equal quarterly installments of $0.62 per share; 

 • 

 We issued and sold $2.4 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and entered into a new $180.0 million term loan, collectively having a weighted average stated interest rate of 3.2% and a weighted average maturity at the time of issuance of 7.7 years; 

 • 

 We completed a public offering and sale of 5,980,000 shares of our common stock for aggregate proceeds of $342.5 million; 

 • 

 Of the 89 properties leased to Kindred whose current lease term expires on April 30, 2013, Kindred renewed or entered into a new lease with respect to a total of 35 properties, and we entered into new leases or sale contracts for the remaining 54 properties, the majority of which remain subject to operating transitions and regulatory approvals; and 

 • 

 We redeemed or repaid $780.4 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding unsecured debt, including our 9% senior notes due 2012, 8.25% senior notes due 2012, 6¾% senior notes due 2017, 6½% senior notes due 2016, and unsecured term loan due 2013, and $344.2 million of mortgage debt. 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”). GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. We periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. We believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. For more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see “Note 2—Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
 GAAP requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities (“VIEs”). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity’s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity’s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. We consolidate investments in VIEs when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. We may change our original assessment of a VIE due to events such as modifications of contractual arrangements that affect the characteristics or adequacy of the entity’s equity investments at risk and the disposal of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
 We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis. 
 As it relates to investments in joint ventures, based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s), GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances in which the general partner would otherwise consolidate the joint venture. We assess limited partners’ rights and their impact on the presumption of control of the limited 

 45 

 partnership by the sole general partner when an investor becomes the sole general partner, and we reassess if: (i) there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners; (ii) the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests; or (iii) there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and allocate the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business and is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Our method for allocating the purchase price to acquired investments in real estate requires us to make subjective assessments for determining fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This includes determining the value of the buildings, land and improvements, construction in progress, ground leases, tenant improvements, in-place leases, above and/or below market leases, purchase option intangible assets and/or liabilities, and any debt assumed. These estimates require significant judgment and in some cases involve complex calculations. These allocation assessments directly impact our results of operations, as amounts allocated to certain assets and liabilities have different depreciation or amortization lives. In addition, we amortize the value assigned to above and/or below market leases as a component of revenue, unlike in-place leases and other intangibles, which we include in depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 We estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, not to exceed 35 years. We determine the allocated value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets’ estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. During the remaining construction period, we capitalize interest expense until the development has reached substantial completion. Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
 The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and the in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time. 
 We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities by discounting the difference between the applicable property’s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of the future option price. We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale. 
 We estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant’s credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. We estimate the fair value of trade names/trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name/trademark. 
 In connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. All of our assumed capital leases contain bargain purchase options that we intend to exercise. Therefore, we recognized real estate assets based on the acquisition date fair values of the underlying properties and liabilities based on the acquisition date fair values of the capital lease obligations. We depreciate assets recognized under capital leases that contain bargain purchase options over the assets’ respective useful lives. Lease 

 46 

 payments are allocated between the reduction of the capital lease obligation and interest expense using the interest method. We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value, and we amortize the recognized asset or liability (excluding purchase option intangibles) to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same maturities and same terms would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. The estimated future cash flows reflect our judgment regarding the uncertainty of those cash flows, so we do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date. We recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. Subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance. 
 We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed using assumptions that are consistent with those used in valuing all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
 We base the initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities on the fair value of the assets at the time we acquired the joint venture interest. We estimate fair values for our equity method investments based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. The capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads we use in these models are based upon assumptions that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments. 
 We generally amortize any difference between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level over the lives of the related assets and liabilities and include that amortization in our share of income or loss from unconsolidated entities. For earnings of equity method investments with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. In other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method. 
 We calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur to a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 
 We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of our investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. We adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination. 
 If impairment indicators arise with respect to intangible assets with finite useful lives, we evaluate impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, then we estimate the fair value of the asset and compare the estimated fair value to the intangible asset’s carrying value. We recognize any shortfall from carrying value as an impairment loss in the current period. 
 We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may exceed its fair value. If we determine that a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated entity is other-than-temporary, and if such reduced fair value is below the carrying value, we record an impairment. The determination of the fair value of investments in unconsolidated entities involves significant judgment. Our estimates consider all available evidence, including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at market rates, general economic conditions and trends and other relevant factors. 
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if indicators arise. We first assess qualitative factors to determine the likelihood that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors we assess include current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying 

 47 

 amount, then we proceed with the two-step approach to evaluating impairment. In the first step of this approach, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and compare it to the reporting unit’s carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, we proceed with the second step. The second step of this approach requires us to assign the fair value of a reporting unit to all the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination at the date of the impairment test. The excess fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to determine the amount of impairment. We recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied value in the current period. 
 Estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of goodwill, investments in real estate and intangible assets are based upon discounted future cash flow projections or other acceptable valuation techniques, which are based, in turn, upon various estimates and assumptions, such as revenue and expense growth rates, capitalization rates, discount rates or other available market data. Our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and estimate and allocate fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Loans Receivable 
 We record loans receivable, other than those acquired in connection with a business combination, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (either in secured loans receivable, net or, with respect to unsecured loans receivable, other assets) at the unpaid principal balance, net of any deferred origination fees, purchase discounts or premiums and valuation allowances. We amortize net deferred origination fees, which are comprised of loan fees collected from the borrower net of certain direct costs, and purchase discounts or premiums over the contractual life of the loan using the effective interest method and immediately recognize in income any unamortized balances if the loan is repaid before its contractual maturity. 
 We regularly evaluate the collectibility of loans receivable based on factors such as corporate and facility-level financial and operational reports, compliance with financial covenants set forth in the applicable loan agreement, the financial strength of the borrower and any guarantor, the payment history of the borrower and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the terms of the applicable loan agreement, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be collected. 
 Fair Value 
 GAAP defines fair value and provides direction for measuring fair value and making the necessary related disclosures. GAAP emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy). 
 Level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. Level two inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as other inputs for the asset or liability, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves, that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on our own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. If the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. If the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value. In addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties and MOB Operations 
 Certain of our triple-net leases, including a majority of the leases we acquired in connection with our acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. (“NHP”), and most of our MOB leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. We recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured. Recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues 

 48 

 during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Four of our five master lease agreements with Kindred (the “Kindred Master Leases”) and certain of our other leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. We recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 
 Senior Living Operations 
 We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. We recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. Our lease agreements with residents generally have a term of 12 to 18 months and are cancelable by the resident upon 30 days’ notice. 
 Other 
 We recognize interest income from loans, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. We apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. We recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. When the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. We provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral. 
 We recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Staff Accounting Bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. 
 Allowances 
 We assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables, and we defer recognition of revenue if collectibility is not reasonably assured. We base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. We base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant, and the type of property. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we defer recognition of the straight-line rental revenue and, in certain circumstances, provide a reserve against the previously recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. If we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized and/or to increase or reduce the reserve against the previously recognized straight-line rent receivable asset. 
 Federal Income Tax 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), for every year beginning with the year ended December 31, 1999. Accordingly, provided that we continue to qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on net income that we distribute to our stockholders. However, with respect to certain of our subsidiaries that have elected to be treated as “taxable REIT subsidiaries,” we record income tax expense or benefit, as those entities are subject to federal income tax similar to regular corporations. 
 We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we 

 49 

 believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. 
 Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 
 In June 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income (“ASU 2011-05”), which amends ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . ASU 2011-05 requires entities to present comprehensive income in either: (i) one continuous financial statement or (ii) two separate but consecutive statements that display net income and the components of other comprehensive income. Totals and individual components of both net income and other comprehensive income must be included in either presentation. In December 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-12, Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05 (“ASU 2011-12”). The provisions of ASU 2011-12 indefinitely defer portions of ASU 2011-05 related to the presentation of reclassification of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. We adopted the provisions of ASU 2011-05 and ASU 2011-12 on January 1, 2012. 
 Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. Under our triple-net leased properties segment, we acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. Under our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage those communities. Under our MOB operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease, and manage MOBs. Information provided for “all other” includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to our three reportable business segments. Assets included in “all other” consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, deferred financing costs, loans receivable and miscellaneous accounts receivable. 

 50 

 Years Ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 
 The table below shows our results of operations for each year and the effect on our income of changes in those results from year to year. 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) to 
 Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI: 

 Triple-Net Leased Properties 

 $ 

 835,659 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 196,148 

 30.7 

 % 

 Senior Living Operations 

 386,289 

 277,944 

 108,345 

 39.0 

 MOB Operations 

 243,107 

 116,291 

 126,816 

 > 100 

 All Other 

 39,913 

 34,415 

 5,498 

 16.0 

 Total segment NOI 

 1,504,968 

 1,068,161 

 436,807 

 40.9 

 Interest and other income 

 1,106 

 1,217 

 (111 

 ) 

 (9.1 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (293,401 

 ) 

 (229,346 

 ) 

 (64,055 

 ) 

 (27.9 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (725,981 

 ) 

 (447,664 

 ) 

 (278,317 

 ) 

 (62.2 

 ) 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (98,801 

 ) 

 (74,537 

 ) 

 (24,264 

 ) 

 (32.6 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (37,640 

 ) 

 (27,604 

 ) 

 (10,036 

 ) 

 (36.4 

 ) 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 — 

 202,259 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 nm 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 (63,183 

 ) 

 (153,923 

 ) 

 90,740 

 59.0 

 Other 

 (6,956 

 ) 

 (7,270 

 ) 

 314 

 4.3 

 Income before income (loss) from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 280,112 

 331,293 

 (51,181 

 ) 

 (15.4 

 ) 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 18,154 

 (52 

 ) 

 18,206 

 nm 

 Income tax benefit 

 6,282 

 30,660 

 (24,378 

 ) 

 (79.5 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 304,548 

 361,901 

 (57,353 

 ) 

 (15.8 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations 

 57,227 

 1,360 

 55,867 

 nm 

 Net income 

 361,775 

 363,261 

 (1,486 

 ) 

 (0.4 

 ) 

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 207 

 16.8 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 (1,693 

 ) 

 (0.5 

 )% 

 nm—not meaningful 
 Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 NOI for our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment equals the rental income earned from our triple-net assets and other services revenue. We incur no direct operating expenses for this segment. 

 51 

 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 831,221 

 $ 

 637,294 

 $ 

 193,927 

 30.4 

 % 

 Other services revenue 

 4,438 

 2,217 

 2,221 

 > 100 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 835,659 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 196,148 

 30.7 

 % 

 Triple-net leased properties segment NOI increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to rental income from the properties we acquired in July 2011 in connection with the NHP acquisition ($177.7 million) and contractual escalations, and increases in base and other rent, under our existing triple-net leases, partially offset by a decline in rental income due to our sale of certain triple-net leased properties during 2012. 
 In our triple-net leased properties segment, revenues generally do not depend on the underlying operating performance of our properties, but rather consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to annual contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms. Therefore, occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants’ operations but do not have a direct impact on our revenues or financial results. The following table sets forth average occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at December 31, 2012 for the third quarter of 2012 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at December 31, 2011 for the third quarter of 2011 . 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 2012 (1) 

 Average Occupancy 
 for the Trailing 12 Months 
 Ended September 30, 
 2012 (1) 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 2011 (2) 

 Average Occupancy 
 for the Trailing 12 Months 
 Ended September 30, 
 2011 (2) 

 Seniors Housing Communities 

 423 

 85.5 

 % 

 458 

 85.9 

 % 

 Skilled Nursing Facilities 

 373 

 82.4 

 382 

 83.9 

 Hospitals 

 47 

 57.5 

 47 

 58.1 

 (1) 

 Excludes 34 seniors housing communities and skilled nursing facilities included in investments in unconsolidated entities. Also excludes 12 properties acquired during the three months ended December 31, 2012 , one development property that was completed during the three months ended December 31, 2012 , 15 properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 and eight other facilities for which we do not receive occupancy information. 

 (2) 

 Excludes 34 seniors housing communities and skilled nursing facilities included in investments in unconsolidated entities and eight other facilities for which we do not receive occupancy information. Includes 38 properties sold during 2012, 15 properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 and eight properties acquired during the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2012 . 

 52 

 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 374 same-store triple-net leased properties. For purposes of this table, we define same-store properties as properties that we owned for the entire period from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012 . 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 474,945 

 $ 

 464,090 

 $ 

 10,855 

 2.3 

 % 

 Other services revenue 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 nm 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 474,945 

 $ 

 464,090 

 $ 

 10,855 

 2.3 

 % 

 nm—not meaningful 
 The year-over-year increase in same-store triple-net leased properties NOI is due to contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, including our four original Kindred Master Leases. Cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. 
 Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations 
 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 1,229,479 

 $ 

 868,095 

 $ 

 361,384 

 41.6 

 % 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (843,190 

 ) 

 (590,151 

 ) 

 (253,039 

 ) 

 (42.9 

 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 386,289 

 $ 

 277,944 

 $ 

 108,345 

 39.0 

 % 

 Revenues attributed to our senior living operations segment consist of resident fees and services, which include all amounts earned from residents at our seniors housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. Our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to the properties we acquired in May 2011 in connection with our acquisition of substantially all of the real estate assets and working capital of privately-owned Atria Senior Living Group, Inc. (together with its affiliates, “ASLG”), the seniors housing communities we acquired in 2012 (including the Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities), and higher average unit occupancy rates and higher average monthly revenue per occupied room. 
 Property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. Property-level operating expenses increased year over year primarily due to the acquired properties described above and higher management fees and labor expenses at the 79 Sunrise-managed communities we acquired in 2007 (the “Original Sunrise-Managed Communities”). Under our management agreements with respect to the Original Sunrise-Managed Communities, the management fees paid to Sunrise were temporarily reduced to 3.75% of revenues generated by the applicable properties for 2011, but reverted to their contractual level of 6% of revenues generated by the applicable properties (with a range of 5% to 7%) for 2012 and subsequent years. The management fees (including incentive fees) we paid pursuant to our Sunrise management agreements in 2012 were equal to 6.4% of revenues generated by the applicable properties. 

 53 

 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 81 same-store stabilized senior living operating communities. For purposes of this table, we define same-store stabilized communities as communities that we owned and classified as stable for the entire period from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012 . 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Stabilized Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 493,929 

 $ 

 467,770 

 $ 

 26,159 

 5.6 

 % 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (335,154 

 ) 

 (310,808 

 ) 

 (24,346 

 ) 

 (7.8 

 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 158,775 

 $ 

 156,962 

 $ 

 1,813 

 1.2 

 % 

 Same-store stabilized senior living operations NOI increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to higher average unit occupancy rates and higher average monthly revenue per occupied room, partially offset by the increase in management fees with respect to the Original Sunrise-Managed Communities. Management fee expense for our same-store stabilized communities increased $13.8 million year over year. 
 The following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 

 Average Unit 
 Occupancy 
 for the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 

 Average Monthly Revenue Per Occupied Room for the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 (2) 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 (2) 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 (2) 

 Stabilized communities 

 214 

 189 

 90.4 

 % 

 88.1 

 % 

 $5,423 

 $5,463 

 Non-stabilized communities 

 9 

 9 

 79.7 

 73.9 

 4,654 

 4,745 

 Total 

 223 

 198 

 89.8 

 87.5 

 5,390 

 5,434 

 Same-store stabilized communities 

 81 

 81 

 90.1 

 87.7 

 6,911 

 6,724 

 (1) 

 Information attributable to senior living operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 includes operations related to the Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities only for the period from May 1, 2012 (the date of acquisition) through December 31, 2012 and operations related to other seniors housing communities managed by Atria that we acquired during 2012 only for the periods from the applicable date of acquisition to December 31, 2012. 

 (2) 

 Information attributable to senior living operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 includes operations related to our Atria-managed communities only for the period from May 12, 2011 (the date of the ASLG acquisition) through December 31, 2011. 

 54 

 Segment NOI—MOB Operations 
 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our MOB operations reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—MOB Operations: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 362,839 

 $ 

 166,161 

 $ 

 196,678 

 > 100 % 

 Medical office building services revenue 

 16,303 

 34,254 

 (17,951 

 ) 

 (52.4 

 ) 

 Total revenues 

 379,142 

 200,415 

 178,727 

 89.2 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (126,152 

 ) 

 (57,042 

 ) 

 (69,110 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Medical office building services costs 

 (9,883 

 ) 

 (27,082 

 ) 

 17,199 

 63.5 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 243,107 

 $ 

 116,291 

 $ 

 126,816 

 > 100 % 

 MOB operations segment revenues and property-level operating expenses increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to the MOBs we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition in July 2011 and the Cogdell acquisition in April 2012, and 44 other MOBs we acquired in 2012 (including 36 MOBs that we previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities), and three MOB developments that were completed during 2012. 
 Medical office building services revenue and costs both decreased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to reduced construction activity during 2012 compared to 2011 . 
 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 63 same-store stabilized MOBs. For purposes of this table, we define same-store stabilized MOBs as MOBs that we owned and classified as stable for the entire period from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012 . Cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Stabilized Segment NOI—MOB Operations: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 83,111 

 $ 

 82,275 

 $ 

 836 

 1.0 

 % 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (29,179 

 ) 

 (28,319 

 ) 

 (860 

 ) 

 (3.0 

 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 53,932 

 $ 

 53,956 

 $ 

 (24 

 ) 

 (0.0 

 )% 

 The following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our MOB operations segment at and for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 

 Occupancy at 
 December 31, 

 Annualized Average Rent Per Occupied Square Foot for the Year Ended Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 Stabilized MOBs 

 285 

 173 

 91.9 

 % 

 92.5 

 % 

 $30 

 $29 

 Non-stabilized MOBs 

 15 

 12 

 75.0 

 73.9 

 38 

 35 

 Total 

 300 

 185 

 90.5 

 90.2 

 30 

 29 

 Same-store stabilized MOBs 

 63 

 63 

 92.7 

 93.9 

 28 

 27 

 55 

 Segment NOI—All Other 
 All other NOI consists solely of income from loans and investments. Income from loans and investments increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to income (including prepayment fees) on the loans receivable portfolio we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition, partially offset by decreased interest income due to loan repayments during both 2011 and 2012 . 
 Interest Expense 
 The $60.0 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $8.6 million and $12.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively, is attributed primarily to a $114.2 million increase in interest due to higher debt balances, partially offset by a $59.3 million decrease in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. Our effective interest rate, excluding activity related to our capital leases, was 4.0% for 2012 , compared to 4.9% for 2011 . 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to the ASLG, NHP and Cogdell acquisitions and other properties we acquired in 2012 , including the Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities. 
 General, Administrative and Professional Fees 
 General, administrative and professional fees increased in 2012 primarily due to our continued organizational growth. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt, Net 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2012 relates primarily to our redemption in March 2012 of all $200.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 and our redemption in May 2012 of all $225.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6¾% senior notes due 2017, partially offset by gains recognized on the repayment of certain mortgage debt. The loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2011 relates primarily to our early repayment of $307.2 million principal amount of existing mortgage debt in February 2011, our redemption of $200.0 million principal amount of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 in July 2011 and termination of our previous unsecured revolving credit facilities in October 2011. 
 Litigation Proceeds, Net 
 Litigation proceeds, net in 2011 reflects our receipt of $102.8 million in payment of the compensatory damages award from HCP, Inc. (“HCP”) arising out of our 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living Real Estate Investment Trust (“Sunrise REIT”), plus certain costs and interest, and the receipt of an additional $125 million from HCP in final settlement of our outstanding lawsuit against HCP, net of certain fees and expenses, the contingent fee for our outside legal counsel and donations to the Ventas Charitable Foundation. No similar events occurred during 2012. 
 Merger-Related Expenses and Deal Costs 
 Merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of transition and integration expenses related to consummated transactions and deal costs required by GAAP to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. These transition and integration expenses and deal costs reflect certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the ASLG, NHP and Cogdell acquisitions. Merger-related expenses and deal costs during the year ended December 31, 2011 also include expenses relating to our favorable litigation against HCP and subsequent cross-appeals, which were fully concluded in November 2011. The $90.7 million decrease in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2012 over the prior year is due primarily to the significant size of our 2011 acquisitions, as well as the conclusion of the HCP litigation in late 2011. 
 Income/Loss from Unconsolidated Entities 
 Income/loss from unconsolidated entities in 2012 and 2011 relates to our interests in joint ventures we acquired in connection with the NHP and Lillibridge acquisitions. Income from unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2012 is attributed primarily to a gain of $16.6 million as a result of the re-measurement of equity interest upon our acquisition in August 2012 of the controlling interests (ranging from 80% to 95%) in 36 MOBs and one other MOB that is being marketed for sale that we previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities. Subsequent to the acquisition date, operations relating to these properties are consolidated in our Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2012 , we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in joint ventures with respect to 21 MOBs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities. As of December 31, 2011 , we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in joint ventures with respect to 58 MOBs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities. 

 56 

 Income Tax Benefit 
 We recorded an income tax benefit for 2012 due primarily to ordinary losses (in part due to the reversal of acquisition deferred tax liabilities) related to our TRS entities, net of the current period valuation allowance. We recorded an income tax benefit for 2011 due primarily to the reversal of certain income tax contingency reserves, including interest, related to our 2007 U.S. federal income tax returns and ordinary losses (in part due to the reversal of acquisition deferred tax liabilities) related to our TRS entities. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 Discontinued operations for 2012 reflects activity related to 64 properties, 43 of which were sold during 2012 , resulting in a $81.0 million net gain, and 19 of which were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012. We also declined to exercise our option to renew an operating lease (in which we were the lessee) related to two seniors housing communities we acquired as part of the ASLG acquisition that expired on June 30, 2012. Discontinued operations for 2011 reflects activity related to 65 properties, four of which were sold during 2011 with no resulting gain or loss. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2012 represents our partners’ joint venture interests in 50 properties. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2011 represents our partners’ joint venture interests in 28 properties. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below shows our results of operations for each year and the effect on our income of changes in those results from year to year. 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI: 

 Triple-Net Leased Properties 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 185,919 

 41.0 

 % 

 Senior Living Operations 

 277,944 

 154,470 

 123,474 

 79.9 

 MOB Operations 

 116,291 

 50,205 

 66,086 

 > 100 

 All Other 

 34,415 

 16,412 

 18,003 

 > 100 

 Total segment NOI 

 1,068,161 

 674,679 

 393,482 

 58.3 

 Interest and other income 

 1,217 

 484 

 733 

 > 100 

 Interest expense 

 (229,346 

 ) 

 (172,474 

 ) 

 (56,872 

 ) 

 (33.0 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (447,664 

 ) 

 (200,682 

 ) 

 (246,982 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (74,537 

 ) 

 (49,830 

 ) 

 (24,707 

 ) 

 (49.6 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (27,604 

 ) 

 (9,791 

 ) 

 (17,813 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 202,259 

 — 

 202,259 

 nm 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 (153,923 

 ) 

 (19,243 

 ) 

 (134,680 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Other 

 (7,270 

 ) 

 (272 

 ) 

 (6,998 

 ) 

 nm 

 Income before loss from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 331,293 

 222,871 

 108,422 

 48.6 

 Loss from unconsolidated entities 

 (52 

 ) 

 (664 

 ) 

 612 

 92.2 

 Income tax benefit (expense) 

 30,660 

 (5,201 

 ) 

 35,861 

 > 100 

 Income from continuing operations 

 361,901 

 217,006 

 144,895 

 66.8 

 Discontinued operations 

 1,360 

 32,723 

 (31,363 

 ) 

 (95.8 

 ) 

 Net income 

 363,261 

 249,729 

 113,532 

 45.5 

 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 3,562 

 (4,794 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 246,167 

 $ 

 118,326 

 48.1 

 % 

 nm—not meaningful 

 57 

 Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 637,294 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 183,702 

 40.5 

 % 

 Other services revenue 

 2,217 

 — 

 2,217 

 nm 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 185,919 

 41.0 

 % 

 nm—not meaningful 
 Triple-net leased properties segment NOI increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to $179.2 million of rental income from the properties we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition, $6.0 million of additional rent attributable to the annual contractual escalations in the rent paid under the Kindred Master Leases effective May 1, 2011, other services revenue directly attributable to the NHP acquisition ($2.2 million), and various rent increases at our other existing triple-net leased properties. 
 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 373 same-store triple-net leased properties. For purposes of this table, we define same-store properties as properties that we owned for the entire period from January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2011 . 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Segment NOI—Triple-Net Leased Properties: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 463,026 

 $ 

 452,753 

 $ 

 10,273 

 2.3 

 % 

 Other services revenue 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 463,026 

 $ 

 452,753 

 $ 

 10,273 

 2.3 

 % 

 The year-over-year increase in same-store triple-net leased properties NOI is due to contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, including the Kindred Master Leases. 
 Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations 
 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 868,095 

 $ 

 446,301 

 $ 

 421,794 

 94.5 

 % 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (590,151 

 ) 

 (291,831 

 ) 

 (298,320 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 277,944 

 $ 

 154,470 

 $ 

 123,474 

 79.9 

 % 

 Our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to the properties we acquired in connection with the ASLG acquisition and higher average unit occupancy rates and higher average monthly revenue per occupied room. 

 58 

 Property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to the properties we acquired in connection with the ASLG acquisition and the receipt of a $5 million cash payment from Sunrise in 2010 for expense overages. 
 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 79 same-store stabilized senior living operating communities. For purposes of this table, we define same-store stabilized communities as communities that we owned and classified as stable for the entire period from January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2011 . 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Stabilized Segment NOI—Senior Living Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 453,180 

 $ 

 432,846 

 $ 

 20,334 

 4.7 

 % 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (300,723 

 ) 

 (282,907 

 ) 

 (17,816 

 ) 

 (6.3 

 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 152,457 

 $ 

 149,939 

 $ 

 2,518 

 1.7 

 % 

 Same-store stabilized senior living operations NOI increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to higher average monthly revenue per occupied room and the temporary reduction in management fees with respect to the Original Sunrise-Managed Communities in 2011, partially offset by the receipt of a $5 million cash payment from Sunrise in 2010 for expense overages. 
 The following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 : 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 

 Average Unit 
 Occupancy for 
 the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 

 Average 
 Monthly Revenue Per Occupied Room for 
 the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 Stabilized communities 

 189 

 81 

 88.1 

 % 

 87.3 

 % 

 $5,463 

 $6,449 

 Non-stabilized communities 

 9 

 1 

 73.9 

 59.5 

 4,745 

 2,998 

 Total 

 198 

 82 

 87.5 

 87.1 

 5,434 

 6,430 

 Same-store stabilized communities 

 79 

 79 

 87.6 

 87.6 

 6,820 

 6,514 

 Segment NOI—MOB Operations 
 The following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our MOB operations reportable business segment: 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment NOI—MOB Operations: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 166,161 

 $ 

 69,747 

 $ 

 96,414 

 > 100 % 

 Medical office building services revenue 

 34,254 

 14,098 

 20,156 

 > 100 

 Total revenues 

 200,415 

 83,845 

 116,570 

 > 100 

 Less: 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (57,042 

 ) 

 (24,122 

 ) 

 (32,920 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Medical office building services costs 

 (27,082 

 ) 

 (9,518 

 ) 

 (17,564 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 116,291 

 $ 

 50,205 

 $ 

 66,086 

 > 100 % 

 59 

 MOB operations segment revenues and property-level operating expenses increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to the MOBs we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition ($68.6 million) and a full year of activity related to the MOBs we acquired in connection with the Lillibridge acquisition. 
 Medical office building services revenue and costs, which are a direct result of our Lillibridge acquisition in July 2010, both increased in 2011 over the prior year due primarily to a full year of operations in 2011 and a full year of construction activity during 2011 compared to 2010. 
 The following table compares results of continuing operations for our 24 same-store stabilized MOBs. For purposes of this table, we define same-store stabilized MOBs as MOBs that we owned and classified as stable for the entire period from January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2011 . 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Income 

 2011 

 2010 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Same-Store Stabilized Segment NOI—MOB Operations: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 45,629 

 $ 

 45,252 

 $ 

 377 

 0.8 

 % 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 (15,138 

 ) 

 (14,966 

 ) 

 (172 

 ) 

 (1.1 

 ) 

 Segment NOI 

 $ 

 30,491 

 $ 

 30,286 

 $ 

 205 

 0.7 

 % 

 The following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our MOB operations segment at and for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 : 

 Number of 
 Properties at 
 December 31, 

 Occupancy at 
 December 31, 

 Annualized Average Rent Per Occupied Square Foot for the Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 Stabilized MOBs 

 173 

 63 

 92.5 

 % 

 95.0 

 % 

 $29 

 $28 

 Non-stabilized MOBs 

 12 

 6 

 73.9 

 73.8 

 35 

 29 

 Total 

 185 

 69 

 90.2 

 91.6 

 29 

 28 

 Same-store stabilized MOBs 

 24 

 24 

 94.0 

 95.3 

 31 

 30 

 Segment NOI—All Other 
 All other NOI consists solely of income from loans and investments. Income from loans and investments increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to income on the loans receivable portfolio we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition, gains from the sale of marketable debt securities and additional investments we made in loans receivable during 2011 and 2010, partially offset by decreased interest income related to loans receivable repayments we received during 2011. 
 Interest Expense 
 The $62.1 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $12.7 million and $7.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 , respectively, is due primarily to a $117.6 million increase in interest due to higher debt balances and $7.7 million of interest related to the capital leases we assumed in connection with our 2011 acquisitions, partially offset by a $65.1 million decrease in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. Our effective interest rate, excluding activity related to our capital leases, was 4.9% for 2011 , compared to 6.4% for 2010 . A decrease in the average Canadian dollar exchange rate had an unfavorable impact on interest expense of $0.2 million in 2011 , compared to 2010 . 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2011 over the prior year primarily due to the NHP and ALSG acquisitions and other properties we acquired in 2011. 

 60 

 General, Administrative and Professional Fees 
 General, administrative and professional fees increased in 2011 over the prior year due primarily to our continued organizational growth. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt, Net 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2011 relates primarily to our early repayment of $307.2 million principal amount of existing mortgage debt in February 2011, our redemption of $200.0 million principal amount of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 in July 2011 and termination of our previous unsecured revolving credit facilities in October 2011. The loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2010 relates primarily to our redemption of all $142.7 million principal amount then outstanding of our 7 1 / 8 % senior notes due 2015 in June 2010, our redemption of all $71.7 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6 5 / 8 % senior notes due 2014 in October 2010 and various mortgage debt repayments in December 2010. 
 Litigation Proceeds, Net 
 Litigation proceeds, net in 2011 reflects our receipt of $102.8 million in payment of the compensatory damages award from HCP arising out of our 2007 Sunrise REIT acquisition, plus certain costs and interest, and the receipt of an additional $125 million from HCP in final settlement of our outstanding lawsuit against HCP, net of certain fees and expenses, the contingent fee for our outside legal counsel and donations to the Ventas Charitable Foundation. No similar events occurred during 2010. 
 Merger-Related Expenses and Deal Costs 
 Merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of expenses relating to our favorable litigation against HCP and subsequent cross-appeals, which were fully concluded in November 2011, transition and integration expenses related to consummated transactions and deal costs required by GAAP to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. These transition and integration expenses and deal costs reflect certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Lillibridge, ASLG and NHP acquisitions. 
 Other 
 Other consists primarily of the fair value adjustment on interest rate swaps we acquired in connection with the ASLG and NHP acquisitions, partially offset by other miscellaneous expenses. 
 Loss from Unconsolidated Entities 
 Loss from unconsolidated entities in 2011 and 2010 relates to our interests in joint ventures we acquired in connection with the NHP and Lillibridge acquisitions. As of December 31, 2011 , we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in joint ventures with respect to 58 MOBs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities. As of December 31, 2010 , we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 20% in joint ventures with respect to 58 MOBs. 
 Income Tax Benefit/Expense 
 We recorded an income tax benefit for 2011 due primarily to the reversal of certain income tax contingency reserves, including interest, related to our 2007 U.S. federal income tax returns, and ordinary losses (due in part to the reversal of acquisition deferred tax liabilities) related to our TRS entities. Income tax expense for 2010 represents amounts related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries as a result of the Sunrise REIT acquisition. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 Discontinued operations for 2011 reflects activity related to 65 properties, four of which were sold during 2011 with no resulting gain or loss. Discontinued operations for 2010 reflects activity related to 26 properties, seven of which were sold during 2010 resulting in a $17.3 million gain, and a $7.9 million previously deferred gain recognized in the fourth quarter of 2010 upon repayment of a note to the buyer. 
 Net Loss/Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2011 represents our partners’ joint venture interests in 28 properties. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax for 2010 represents Sunrise’s share of net income from its previous ownership interests in 60 of our seniors housing communities, which we acquired during 2010, and our partner’s joint venture interests in six MOBs. 

 61 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We believe that net income, as defined by GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. However, we consider certain non-GAAP financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. A non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined as one that purports to measure historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable GAAP measure. Set forth below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures we use in evaluating our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, as well as reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures we present in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not be identical to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. These measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, these measures should be examined in conjunction with net income as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations 
 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. To overcome this problem, we consider Funds From Operations (“FFO”) and normalized FFO to be appropriate measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. We also believe that normalized FFO provides useful information because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by unanticipated items and other events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and normalized FFO because it investors, allows analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items. 
 We use the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) definition of FFO. NAREIT defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) net gains on real estate activity; (b) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles and transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to our lawsuit against HCP; (c) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (d) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses; (e) the impact of future unannounced acquisitions or divestitures (including pursuant to tenant options to purchase) and capital transactions; (f) the financial impact of contingent consideration; (g) charitable donations made to the Ventas Charitable Foundation; and (h) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments. 

 62 

 Our FFO and normalized FFO for each of the five years ended December 31, 2012 are summarized in the following table. Our FFO for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased over the prior year primarily due to our $2.7 billion of gross investments in 2012, including our acquisitions of Cogdell and the Sunrise-Managed 16 Communities, and the full year benefit of our 2011 acquisitions, including NHP and ASLG. Additionally, we benefited from excellent performance in our senior living operations reportable business segment, rental increases from our triple-net lease portfolio and lower weighted average interest rates. These benefits were partially offset by our receipt of $202.3 million of net litigation proceeds in 2011 related to our lawsuit against HCP, increases in general and administrative expenses (including stock-based compensation), higher debt balances, a scheduled increase in the management fees with respect to the Original Sunrise-Managed Communities, and asset sales and loan repayments during 2011 and 2012. 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 246,167 

 $ 

 266,495 

 $ 

 222,603 

 Adjustments: 

 Real estate depreciation and amortization 

 721,558 

 445,237 

 199,048 

 193,530 

 225,811 

 Real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interest 

 (8,503 

 ) 

 (3,471 

 ) 

 (6,217 

 ) 

 (6,349 

 ) 

 (8,484 

 ) 

 Real estate depreciation related to unconsolidated entities 

 7,516 

 6,552 

 2,367 

 — 

 — 

 Gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net 

 (16,645 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Gain on real estate dispositions, net 

 (80,952 

 ) 

 — 

 (25,241 

 ) 

 (67,305 

 ) 

 (39,026 

 ) 

 Depreciation on real estate assets 

 38,793 

 12,040 

 5,382 

 7,038 

 11,453 

 FFO 

 1,024,567 

 824,851 

 421,506 

 393,409 

 412,357 

 Adjustments: 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 — 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Change in fair value of financial instruments 

 99 

 2,959 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Reversal of contingent liability 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (23,328 

 ) 

 Provision for loan losses 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 5,994 

 Income tax (benefit) expense 

 (6,286 

 ) 

 (31,137 

 ) 

 2,930 

 (3,459 

 ) 

 (17,616 

 ) 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 37,640 

 27,604 

 9,791 

 6,080 

 (2,398 

 ) 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 63,183 

 153,923 

 19,243 

 13,015 

 4,460 

 Amortization of other intangibles 

 1,022 

 1,022 

 511 

 — 

 — 

 Normalized FFO 

 $ 

 1,120,225 

 $ 

 776,963 

 $ 

 453,981 

 $ 

 409,045 

 $ 

 379,469 

 63 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important supplemental measure to net income because it provides additional information with which to evaluate the performance of our operations and serves as another indication of our ability to service debt. We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding net loss on extinguishment of debt, net litigation proceeds, merger-related expenses and deal costs, net gains on real estate activity and changes in the fair value of financial instruments (including amounts in discontinued operations). The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 : 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 361,775 

 $ 

 363,261 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Adjustments: 

 Interest (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 302,031 

 242,057 

 179,918 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 37,640 

 27,604 

 9,791 

 Taxes (including amounts in general, administrative and professional fees) (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 (2,627 

 ) 

 (29,136 

 ) 

 6,280 

 Depreciation and amortization (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 764,774 

 459,704 

 206,064 

 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

 20,784 

 19,346 

 14,078 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 63,183 

 153,923 

 19,243 

 Gain on real estate dispositions, net 

 (80,952 

 ) 

 — 

 (25,241 

 ) 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 — 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 — 

 Changes in fair value of financial instruments 

 99 

 2,959 

 — 

 Gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net 

 (16,645 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 

 1,450,062 

 $ 

 1,037,459 

 $ 

 659,862 

 64 

 NOI 
 We also consider NOI an important supplemental measure to net income because it allows investors, analysts and our management to measure unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs (including amounts in discontinued operations). Cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. The following is a reconciliation of NOI to net income (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 : 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 361,775 

 $ 

 363,261 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Adjustments: 

 Interest and other income (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 (6,158 

 ) 

 (1,217 

 ) 

 (1,209 

 ) 

 Interest (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 302,031 

 242,057 

 179,918 

 Depreciation and amortization (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 764,774 

 459,704 

 206,064 

 General, administrative and professional fees (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 98,813 

 74,537 

 49,830 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 37,640 

 27,604 

 9,791 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 — 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 — 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 63,183 

 153,923 

 19,243 

 Other (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 8,842 

 8,653 

 272 

 (Income) loss from unconsolidated entities 

 (18,154 

 ) 

 52 

 664 

 Income tax (benefit) expense (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 (6,286 

 ) 

 (31,137 

 ) 

 5,201 

 Gain on real estate dispositions, net 

 (80,952 

 ) 

 — 

 (25,241 

 ) 

 NOI (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 1,525,508 

 1,095,178 

 694,262 

 Discontinued operations 

 (20,540 

 ) 

 (27,017 

 ) 

 (19,583 

 ) 

 NOI (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) 

 $ 

 1,504,968 

 $ 

 1,068,161 

 $ 

 674,679 

 Asset/Liability Management 
 Asset/liability management is a key element of our overall risk management program. The objective of our asset/liability management process, which focuses on various risks such as market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk, is to support the achievement of our business strategy, while maintaining appropriate risk levels. Effective management of these risks is an important determinant of the absolute levels and variability of our FFO and net worth. The following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates on borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, certain mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and marketable debt securities. These market risks result primarily from changes in LIBOR or prime rates. We continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions. 

 65 

 The table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums, discounts and capital lease obligations. 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Balance: 

 Fixed rate: 

 Senior notes and other 

 $ 

 4,079,643 

 $ 

 2,460,026 

 $ 

 1,537,433 

 Mortgage loans and other(1) 

 2,442,652 

 2,357,268 

 1,234,263 

 Variable rate: 

 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 

 540,727 

 455,578 

 40,000 

 Unsecured term loans 

 685,336 

 501,875 

 — 

 Mortgage loans(1) 

 437,957 

 405,696 

 115,258 

 Total 

 $ 

 8,186,315 

 $ 

 6,180,443 

 $ 

 2,926,954 

 Percent of total debt: 

 Fixed rate: 

 Senior notes and other 

 49.8 

 % 

 39.8 

 % 

 52.5 

 % 

 Mortgage loans and other(1) 

 29.8 

 38.1 

 42.2 

 Variable rate: 

 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 

 6.6 

 7.4 

 1.4 

 Unsecured term loans 

 8.4 

 8.1 

 — 

 Mortgage loans(1) 

 5.4 

 6.6 

 3.9 

 Total 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 100.0 

 % 

 Weighted average interest rate at end of period: 

 Fixed rate: 

 Senior notes and other 

 4.0 

 % 

 5.3 

 % 

 5.1 

 % 

 Mortgage loans and other(1) 

 6.1 

 6.1 

 6.2 

 Variable rate: 

 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 

 1.5 

 1.4 

 3.1 

 Unsecured term loans 

 1.6 

 1.8 

 N/A 

 Mortgage loans(1) 

 1.9 

 2.0 

 1.5 

 Total 

 4.1 

 4.8 

 5.4 

 (1) 

 The amounts presented above exclude debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 . The total mortgage debt for these properties as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $23.2 million and $14.6 million, respectively. 

 The variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of (i) $167.3 million notional amount of interest rate swaps that matured on February 1, 2013 and (ii) $61.4 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from March 2, 2015 to April 1, 2019, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The increase in our outstanding variable rate debt at December 31, 2012 compared to December 31, 2011 is primarily attributable to additional borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans. Pursuant to the terms of certain leases with one of our tenants, if interest rates increase on certain variable rate debt that we have totaling $80.0 million as of December 31, 2012 , our tenant is required to pay us additional rent (on a dollar-for-dollar basis) in an amount equal to the increase in interest expense resulting from the increased interest rates. Therefore, the increase in interest expense related to this debt is equally offset by an increase in additional rent due to us from the tenant. Assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt (excluding debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale at December 31, 2012 ), and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2012 , interest expense for 2013 would increase, and our net income would decrease, by approximately $16.4 million, or $0.06 per diluted common share. The fair value of our fixed and variable rate debt is based on current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. 

 66 

 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , our joint venture and operating partners’ aggregate share of total debt was $174.7 million and $103.1 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures and an operating partnership. Total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities, which was $92.8 million and $131.5 million as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. The decrease in debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities is the result of our August 2012 acquisition of the controlling interests in 36 MOBs. 
 For fixed rate debt, interest rate fluctuations generally affect the fair value, but do not impact our earnings or cash flows. Therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until such obligations mature or until we elect to prepay and refinance such obligations. If interest rates have risen at the time our fixed rate debt matures or is refinanced, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. Conversely, lower interest rates at the time of maturity or refinancing may lower our overall borrowing costs. 
 To highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points (“BPS”) in interest rates as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Gross book value 

 $ 

 6,522,295 

 $ 

 4,984,743 

 Fair value(1) 

 6,936,849 

 5,439,222 

 Fair value reflecting change in interest rates:(1) 

 -100 BPS 

 7,164,166 

 5,401,585 

 +100 BPS 

 6,559,949 

 4,963,413 

 (1) 

 The change in fair value of our fixed rate debt was due primarily to overall changes in interest rates and a net increase in the aggregate principal amount of our outstanding senior notes. 

 As of December 31, 2012 , the fair value of our secured and unsecured loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing interest rates for comparable loans, was $701.9 million . See “Note 6—Loans Receivable” and “Note 11—Fair Values of Financial Instruments” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are subject to fluctuations in U.S. and Canadian currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increases or decreases in the value of the Canadian dollar impact the amount of net income we earn from our 12 seniors housing communities in Canada. Based solely on our 2012 results, if the Canadian dollar exchange rate were to increase or decrease by $0.10, our net income from these communities would decrease or increase, as applicable, by less than $0.1 million per year. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing or healthcare assets outside the United States, we may also decide to transact additional business or borrow funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility in currencies other than U.S. or Canadian dollars. Although we may decide to pursue hedging alternatives (including additional borrowings in local currencies) to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, our ability to service our indebtedness or our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT (a “Material Adverse Effect”). 
 In the future, we may engage in hedging strategies to manage our exposure to market risk, depending on an analysis of the interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate environments and the costs and risks of such strategies. However, we do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

 67 

 Concentration and Credit Risk 
 We use concentration ratios to understand and evaluate the potential risks of economic downturns or other adverse events affecting our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. Investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. Operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. The following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented: 

 As of 
 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Investment mix by asset type(1): 

 Seniors housing communities 

 61.2 

 % 

 66.7 

 % 

 Skilled nursing and other facilities 

 14.8 

 16.5 

 MOBs 

 18.6 

 13.1 

 Hospitals 

 2.3 

 2.6 

 Loans receivable, net 

 3.1 

 1.1 

 Investment mix by tenant, operator and manager(1): 

 Atria 

 17.8 

 % 

 19.0 

 % 

 Sunrise 

 14.8 

 14.4 

 Brookdale Senior Living 

 10.4 

 13.0 

 Kindred 

 4.4 

 5.0 

 All other 

 52.6 

 48.6 

 (1) 

 Ratios are based on the gross book value of real estate investments (excluding assets classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date. 

 68 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Operations mix by tenant and operator and business model: 

 Revenues (1): 

 Senior living operations (2) 

 49.6 

 % 

 49.8 

 % 

 44.6 

 % 

 Kindred 

 10.5 

 14.5 

 24.7 

 Brookdale Senior Living 

 6.4 

 7.7 

 10.9 

 All others 

 33.5 

 28.0 

 19.8 

 Adjusted EBITDA (3): 

 Senior living operations (2) 

 26.0 

 % 

 26.0 

 % 

 22.7 

 % 

 Kindred 

 16.1 

 21.9 

 34.6 

 Brookdale Senior Living 

 10.9 

 13.0 

 17.0 

 All others 

 47.0 

 39.1 

 25.7 

 NOI (4): 

 Senior living operations (2) 

 25.7 

 % 

 26.0 

 % 

 22.9 

 % 

 Kindred 

 17.4 

 23.7 

 36.6 

 Brookdale Senior Living 

 10.5 

 12.5 

 16.2 

 All others 

 46.4 

 37.8 

 24.3 

 Operations mix by geographic location (5): 

 California 

 14.0 

 % 

 13.9 

 % 

 12.2 

 % 

 New York 

 9.9 

 8.8 

 3.5 

 Texas 

 6.0 

 5.0 

 2.6 

 Illinois 

 5.0 

 6.5 

 10.4 

 Massachusetts 

 4.6 

 5.0 

 5.1 

 All others 

 60.5 

 60.8 

 66.2 

 (1) 

 Total revenues include medical office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (excluding amounts in discontinued operations). 

 (2) 

 Amounts relate to the actual period of ownership and do not necessarily reflect a full year. 

 (3) 

 Includes amounts in discontinued operations. 

 (4) 

 Excludes amounts in discontinued operations. 

 (5) 

 Ratios are based on total revenues for each period presented (excluding amounts in discontinued operations). 

 See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional disclosure and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and NOI to our net income as computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue by leasing certain of our assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with annual escalators, subject to certain limitations. Some of our triple-net lease escalators are tied to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), with caps, floors or collars. We also earn revenue from individual residents at our seniors housing communities managed by independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, and tenants in our MOBs. For the year ended December 31, 2012 , 40.5% of our Adjusted EBITDA (including amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from our senior living operations and MOB operations, for which rental rates may fluctuate more frequently upon lease rollovers and renewals due to economic or market conditions. 
 Our reliance on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our total revenues and NOI creates credit risk. Our financial condition and results of operations could be weakened and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be limited if either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us. We cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to satisfy its respective obligations to us, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, any 

 69 

 failure by either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation or its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an indirect Material Adverse Effect on us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and “Note 3 — Concentration of Credit Risk” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We regularly monitor the relative credit risk of our significant tenants, and changes therein, particularly when those tenants have recourse obligations under their triple-net leases. The ratios and metrics we use to evaluate a significant tenant’s liquidity and creditworthiness depend on facts and circumstances specific to that tenant and the industry or industries in which it operates, including without limitation the tenant’s credit history and economic conditions related to the tenant, its operations and the markets in which the tenant operates, that may vary over time. Among other things, we may (i) review and analyze information regarding the real estate, seniors housing and healthcare industries generally, publicly available information regarding the significant tenant, and information required to be provided by the tenant under the terms of its lease agreements with us, (ii) examine monthly and/or quarterly financial statements of the significant tenant to the extent publicly available or otherwise provided under the terms of our lease agreements, and (iii) participate in periodic discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant. From this data, we endeavor to calculate multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include net debt to EBITDAR or EBITDARM, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth), after making certain adjustments based on our judgment, and to assess other metrics we deem relevant to an understanding of the significant tenant’s credit risk. 
 Because Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on our managers’ personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on our managers to set resident fees and otherwise operate those properties in compliance with the terms of our management agreements. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements that may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties as provided therein, Atria’s or Sunrise’s inability or unwillingness to satisfy its obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, significant changes in Atria’s or Sunrise’s senior management or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—The properties managed by Atria and Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Although Atria and Sunrise are managers, not tenants, of our properties, adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” and “—We have rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria and Sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace Atria or Sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In December 2012, we acquired a 34% ownership interest in Atria through the acquisition of the Funds previously managed by LFREI. As a result, we obtained certain rights and minority protections regarding material transactions affecting Atria, as well as the right to appoint two directors to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 In August 2012, Sunrise announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Health Care REIT, Inc. (“Health Care REIT”). In connection with this announcement, Sunrise effected an internal reorganization to separate its subsidiaries that operate and manage seniors housing communities (collectively, the “Sunrise management business”) from its real estate assets and its equity interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures that hold real estate assets (collectively, the “Sunrise real estate”). In January 2013, the Sunrise management business was sold to a partnership comprised of three private equity firms and Health Care REIT, and the Sunrise real estate was acquired by Health Care REIT. 

 70 

 Triple-Net Lease Expirations 
 As our triple-net leases expire, we face the risk that our tenants may elect not to renew those leases and, in the event of non-renewal, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. During the year ended December 31, 2012 , we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that had a material effect on our financial condition or our results of operations for that period. The following table summarizes our triple-net lease expirations currently scheduled to occur over the next ten years (excluding leases related to assets classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ): 

 Number of 
 Properties 

 2012 Annual 
 Rental Income 

 % of 2012 Total 
 Triple-Net Rental 
 Income 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 2013 

 72 

 $ 

 69,158 

 8.3 

 % 

 2014 

 16 

 19,670 

 2.4 

 2015 

 150 

 163,850 

 19.7 

 2016 

 24 

 22,112 

 2.7 

 2017 

 47 

 23,573 

 2.8 

 2018 

 33 

 51,819 

 6.2 

 2019 

 88 

 135,950 

 16.4 

 2020 

 105 

 87,061 

 10.5 

 2021 

 77 

 63,940 

 7.7 

 2022 

 68 

 56,555 

 6.8 

 The non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Part I, Item IA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we leased 196 properties to Kindred pursuant to four original Kindred Master Leases, with the properties grouped into bundles or renewal groups (each, a “renewal group”) containing a varying number of properties. Each renewal group is diversified by geography and contains at least one long-term acute care hospital. Under the four original Kindred Master Leases, the properties within a single renewal group have the same primary lease term of ten to 15 years (which commenced May 1, 1998), and each renewal group is subject to three successive five-year renewal terms at Kindred’s option, provided certain conditions are satisfied. Kindred’s renewal option is “all or nothing” with respect to the properties contained in each renewal group. 
 The lease terms for ten renewal groups under the four original Kindred Master Leases covering a total of 89 properties have an April 30, 2013 expiration date. We have entered into lease renewals, new leases or sale contracts for all 89 properties whose lease term expires on April 30, 2013. We expect 2013 cash revenue and NOI from these 89 properties (including yield on reinvested sale proceeds from the five properties for sale) to be $125 million, compared to 2012 rent for all 89 properties of $125 million. 
 Of these 89 properties, Kindred will remain the tenant in 35 properties for estimated aggregate annual base rent commencing on May 1, 2013 of $76.1 million, including escalations. Specifically, Kindred irrevocably renewed for a five-year term three renewal groups covering a total of 25 properties, and we entered into a fifth Kindred Master Lease with respect to ten long-term acute care hospitals. The New Kindred Master Lease has an initial term expiring on April 30, 2023 and is subject to three successive five-year, “all or nothing” renewal options at Kindred’s option. 
 With respect to the remaining 54 skilled nursing facilities whose lease term expires on April 30, 2013 (the “Marketed Assets”), 49 Marketed Assets have been leased pursuant to new long-term triple-net leases (the “New Leases”) with seven qualified healthcare operators (the “New Tenants”), and we have entered into definitive agreements to sell five Marketed Assets. The New Leases have an average weighted initial lease term of over 11 years. 
 Six of the Marketed Assets transitioned to New Tenants on February 1, 2013. Kindred is required to continue to perform all of its obligations under the applicable Kindred Master Lease for the Marketed Assets until expiration of the current lease term, including without limitation, payment of all rental amounts. Moreover, we own or have the rights to all licenses and CONs at the properties, and Kindred has extensive and detailed obligations to cooperate and ensure an orderly transition of the 

 71 

 properties to another operator. 
 Although leases and sale contracts have been executed and we expect the remaining transitions and sales to be completed or occur in the first half of 2013, these transitions and sales remain subject to customary closing conditions, including licensure and regulatory approval. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to whether or when the transitions or sales of the remaining Marketed Assets will be completed, if at all, or upon what terms. Our ability to transition or sell the Marketed Assets could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules, and we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, if any transition or sale has not occurred by May 1, 2013, Kindred has certain obligations to continue operating the properties on modified terms for a limited period, but we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses or general operating expenses) related to the applicable properties after May 1, 2013. 
 The current lease term for ten renewal groups covering another 108 properties leased to Kindred pursuant to the original four Kindred Master Leases will expire on April 30, 2015 (the “2015 Assets”), subject to two successive five-year renewal options for those properties exercisable by Kindred. Kindred has from November 1, 2013 until April 30, 2014 to provide us with renewal notices with respect to those properties. Therefore, as to any renewal group for which we do not receive a renewal notice, we will have at least one year to arrange for the repositioning of the applicable properties with new operators. Regardless of whether Kindred renews any of the renewal groups, Kindred is obligated to continue to perform all of its obligations under the applicable Master Leases with respect to the 2015 Assets, including the payment of full rent, through April 30, 2015. 
 All ten renewal groups whose current lease term expires on April 30, 2015 will be, upon renewal, in the second five-year renewal period and, therefore, we have a unilateral bundle-by-bundle option to initiate a fair market rental reset process on any renewal group for which Kindred delivers a renewal notice. If we elect to initiate the fair market rental reset process for any renewal group, the renewal rent will be the higher of contract rent and fair market rent determined by an appraisal process set forth in the applicable Kindred Master Lease. In certain cases following our initiation of a fair market rental reset process with respect to a renewal group, Kindred may have the right to revoke its renewal of that particular renewal group. 
 We cannot assure you that Kindred will elect to renew any or all of the renewal groups for the 2015 Assets or that we will be able to reposition any or all non-renewed assets on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. In addition, the determination of market rent, whether on re-leasing or under the reset process, is dependent on and may be influenced by a variety of factors and is highly speculative, and we cannot assure you as to what the market rent may be for any of the 2015 Assets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Business—If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The aggregate annual rent we receive under each Kindred Master Lease is referred to as “base rent.” Base rent escalates on May 1 of each year at a specified rate over the prior period base rent, with base rent escalation under the four original Kindred Master Leases contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters. The annual rent escalator under three Kindred Master Leases is 2.7%, and the annual rent escalator under the other two Kindred Master Leases is based on year-over-year changes in CPI, subject to floors and caps. 
 Assuming that all of the Marketed Assets are sold or transitioned on or prior to May 1, 2013 and assuming the applicable facility revenue parameters are met, and regardless of whether Kindred provides renewal notices with respect to any or all of the 2015 Assets, we currently expect that approximately $216 million of aggregate base rent will be due under the five Kindred Master Leases for the period from May 1, 2013 through April 30, 2014. See “Note 3—Concentration of Credit Risk” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had a total of $67.9 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, operating cash and cash related to our senior living operations and MOB operations reportable business segments that is deposited and held in property-level accounts. Funds maintained in the property-level accounts are used primarily for the payment of property-level expenses, debt service payments and certain capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2012 , we also had escrow deposits and restricted cash of $105.9 million and $1.5 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 During 2012 , our principal sources of liquidity were proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, cash flows from operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facilities and term loans, proceeds from repayments of our 

 72 

 loans receivable and marketable securities portfolios, proceeds from sales of real estate assets, assumption of mortgage debt and cash on hand. In addition to working capital and general corporate purposes, our principal uses of liquidity during 2012 were to fund $2.7 billion of investments, including deal costs, repay $1.2 billion of debt and fund $728.5 million of common stock dividends. 
 During 2013, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund normal operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt, including $270.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25% senior notes due 2013; (iv) fund capital expenditures primarily for our senior living operations and our MOB operations reportable business segments; (v) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments, including development activities; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT. We believe that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings, issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from sales of real estate assets and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. However, if any of these sources of liquidity is unavailable to us or is not available at an acceptable cost or if we engage in significant acquisition or investment activity, we may seek or require additional capital through debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and the issuance of secured or unsecured long-term debt or other securities, or any combination thereof. See “Risk Factors—Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure—Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loans 
 We have $2.0 billion of aggregate borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which may be increased to up to $2.5 billion at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, and includes sublimits of (a) up to $200 million for letters of credit, (b) up to $200 million for swingline loans, (c) up to $250 million for loans in certain alternative currencies, and (d) up to 50% of the facility for certain negotiated rate loans. Borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to a reference rate (the applicable LIBOR for Eurocurrency rate loans and the higher of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the administrative agent’s prime rate and (iii) the applicable LIBOR plus 1.0% for base rate loans) plus a spread based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings. We also pay a facility fee ranging from 15 to 45 basis points per annum (based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings) on the aggregate revolving commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2012 , the applicable spread was 110 basis points for Eurocurrency rate loans and 10 basis points for base rate loans and the facility fee was 17.5 basis points. Borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility mature in October 2015, but may be extended for an additional period of one year at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we also had $500.0 million of borrowings outstanding under an unsecured term loan facility with a weighted average maturity of 4.5 years. Borrowings under the term loan facility bear interest at the applicable LIBOR plus a spread based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings (125 basis points at December 31, 2012 ). The term loan facility is comprised of a three-year tranche and a five-year tranche and contains an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $900.0 million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 In August 2012, we prepaid in full our $200.0 million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in September 2013. The term loan was non-amortizing and bore interest at an all-in fixed rate of 4% per annum. In October 2012, we entered into a new $180.0 million unsecured term loan that matures in January 2018. Borrowings under the new term loan bear interest at the applicable LIBOR plus a spread based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings (120 basis points at December 31, 2012 ). 
 The agreements governing our unsecured revolving credit facility and each of our unsecured term loans require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. See “Note 10—Borrowing Arrangements” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We were in compliance with all of these covenants at December 31, 2012 . 
 Senior Notes 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had $3.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiaries, Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation (collectively, the “Ventas Issuers”), outstanding as follows: 

 • 

 $400.0 million principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2015; 

 • 

 $700.0 million principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018; 

 • 

 $600.0 million principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2019; 

 73 

 • 

 $700.0 million principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2021; 

 • 

 $600.0 million principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022; and 

 • 

 $500.0 million principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022. 

 In addition, as of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $580 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes of our subsidiary, Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (“NHP LLC”), as successor to NHP, outstanding as follows: 

 • 

 $270.0 million principal amount of 6.25% senior notes due 2013 (repaid in full, at par, upon maturity in February 2013); 

 • 

 $234.4 million principal amount of 6% senior notes due 2015; 

 • 

 $52.4 million principal amount of 6.90% senior notes due 2037 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder); and 

 • 

 $23.0 million principal amount of 6.59% senior notes due 2038 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder). 

 In February 2012, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022, at a public offering price equal to 99.214% of par, for total proceeds of $595.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 In April 2012, we issued and sold $ 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00 % senior notes due 2019, at a public offering price equal to 99.489 % of par, for total proceeds of $ 596.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 In August 2012, we initially issued and sold $275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022 (“2022 notes”), at a public offering price equal to 99.027% of par, for total proceeds of $272.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. In December 2012, we issued and sold an additional $225.0 million principal amount of 2022 notes, at a public offering price equal to 98.509% of par, for total proceeds of $221.6 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 Also in December 2012, we issued and sold $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018, at a public offering price equal to 99.739% of par, for total proceeds of $698.2 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 During 2012, we repaid in full, at par, $155.4 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 9% senior notes due 2012 and our 8.25% senior notes due 2012 upon maturity, and we redeemed (i) all $225.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6¾% senior notes due 2017 at a redemption price equal to 103.375% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and (ii) all $200.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 at a redemption price equal to 103.25% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in each case pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture governing the notes. As a result of these redemptions, we recognized a total loss on extinguishment of debt of $39.7 million. 
 In May 2011, we issued and sold $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2021, at a public offering price equal to 99.132% of par, for total proceeds of $693.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 During 2011, we repaid in full, at par, $339.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6.50% senior notes due 2011 upon maturity, and we redeemed $200.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 at a redemption price equal to 103.25% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the notes. As a result of this redemption, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $8.7 million during 2011. 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase additional amounts of our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for future access to capital and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 The indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. See “Note 10—Borrowing Arrangements” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We were in compliance with all of these covenants at December 31, 2012 . 

 74 

 Mortgage Loan Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , our consolidated aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding was $2.9 billion and $2.8 billion , respectively, of which $2.7 billion was our share. 
 During 2012 , we assumed mortgage debt of $380.3 million in connection with our $2.7 billion of gross investments, and we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $344.2 million and recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million in connection with these repayments. 
 During 2011 , we assumed mortgage debt of $1.6 billion, including $1.2 billion and $442 million, respectively, in connection with the ASLG and NHP acquisitions, and we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $307.2 million and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $16.5 million in connection with these repayments. See “Note 4 — Acquisitions of Real Estate Property” and “Note 10 — Borrowing Arrangements” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Dividends 
 In order to continue to qualify as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gain). In 2012 , our Board of Directors declared and we paid cash dividends on our common stock aggregating $2.48 per share, which exceeds 100% of our 2012 estimated taxable income after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards. We also intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2013 . On February 13, 2013 , our Board of Directors declared the first quarter 2013 dividend of $0.67 per share, payable in cash on March 28, 2013 to holders of record on March 8, 2013 . 
 We expect that our REIT taxable income will be less than our cash flows due to the allowance of depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing REIT taxable income. Although we expect to be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing. See “Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Annual Distribution Requirements” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. From time to time, however, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans to the tenants or advances, some of which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties. After the terms of the triple-net leases expire, or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases, we would expect to fund any capital expenditures for which we may become responsible with cash flows from operations or through additional borrowings. 
 With respect to our senior living operations and MOB operations reportable business segments, we expect that capital expenditures will be funded by the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. To the extent that unanticipated expenditures or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. Our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness. 
 We are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop healthcare or seniors housing properties. The construction of these properties is funded through capital provided by us and, in some circumstances, our joint venture partners. As of December 31, 2012 , two seniors housing communities and one hospital were in various stages of development pursuant to these agreements. Through December 31, 2012 , we have funded $35.3 million of our estimated total commitment over the projected development period ($60.0 million to $80.0 million) toward these projects. 
 Equity Offerings and Related Events 
 In April 2012, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the sale, from time to time, of an indeterminate amount of debt securities and related guarantees, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants. This registration statement replaced our previous automatic shelf registration statement, which expired pursuant to the SEC’s rules. 

 75 

 In June 2012, we completed the public offering and sale of 5,980,000 shares of our common stock for $342.5 million in aggregate proceeds. 
 In February 2011, we completed the public offering and sale of 5,563,000 shares of our common stock for $300.0 million in aggregate proceeds. 
 In May 2011, we filed a shelf registration statement relating to the resale by the selling stockholders of the shares of our common stock issued as partial consideration for the ASLG acquisition. In January 2012, the selling stockholders completed an underwritten public offering of 21,070,658 shares of our common stock pursuant to the resale shelf registration statement. We did not receive any proceeds from the offering. 
 In July 2011, we filed a shelf registration statement relating to the offer and sale, from time to time, of up to 2,103,086 shares of our common stock that we may issue upon redemption of the Class A limited partnership units in NHP/PMB L.P. See “Note 2—Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In July 2011, following approval by our stockholders, we amended our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as previously amended, to increase the number of authorized shares of our capital stock to 610,000,000, comprised of 600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.25 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share. 
 In November 2011, we filed a shelf registration statement relating to our Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (“DRIP”), under which existing stockholders may purchase shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of the cash distribution on their shares of our common stock, subject to certain limits. This registration statement replaced our previous shelf registration statement, which expired pursuant to the SEC’s rules. 
 Also in November 2011, we repaid in full $230.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 3 7 / 8 % convertible senior notes due 2011 upon maturity. In accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the convertible notes, we paid the principal amount of the notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon in cash and issued an aggregate of 943,714 shares of our common stock in settlement of the conversion value in excess of the principal amount. 
 Other 
 We received proceeds of $19.0 million and $1.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively, from the exercises of outstanding stock options. Future proceeds from the exercises of stock options will be affected primarily by the future trading price of our common stock and the number of options outstanding. The number of options outstanding decreased to 1.9 million as of December 31, 2012 , from 2.0 million as of December 31, 2011 . The weighted average exercise price was $47.20 as of December 31, 2012 . 
 We issued approximately 16,000 and 13,500 shares of common stock under the DRIP for net proceeds of $1.0 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. We currently offer a 1% discount on the purchase price of our stock to shareholders who reinvest their cash distributions or make optional cash purchases of common stock through the plan. Each month or quarter, as applicable, we may lower or eliminate the discount without prior notice, thereby affecting the future proceeds that we receive from this plan. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 
 to Cash 

 2012 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 $ 

 45,807 

 $ 

 21,812 

 $ 

 23,995 

 > 100 % 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 992,816 

 773,197 

 219,619 

 28.4 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (2,169,689 

 ) 

 (997,439 

 ) 

 (1,172,250 

 ) 

 ( > 100 ) 

 Net cash provided by financing activities 

 1,198,914 

 248,282 

 950,632 

 > 100 

 Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 60 

 (45 

 ) 

 105 

 > 100 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 67,908 

 $ 

 45,807 

 $ 

 22,101 

 48.2 

 % 

 76 

 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities increased in 2012 over the prior year primarily due to the NHP, ASLG, Cogdell and other 2011 and 2012 acquisitions, higher NOI from our senior living and MOB operations reportable business segments for the reasons previously discussed, decreased merger-related expenses and deal costs and lower weighted average interest rates, partially offset by the litigation proceeds we received in 2011 in connection with our lawsuit against HCP and higher general, administrative and professional fees and increased interest expense from higher debt balances, both due to our enterprise growth. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during 2012 and 2011 consisted primarily of cash paid for our investments in real estate ( $1.5 billion and $531.6 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), purchase of private investment funds ( $276.4 million in 2012 , including the Funds’ share of the ASLG transaction earnout), investments in loans receivable ( $452.6 million and $628.1 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), capital expenditures ( $69.4 million and $50.5 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively) and development project expenditures ( $114.0 million and $47.6 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively). The increase in capital expenditures and development project expenditures is the direct result of the growth in our senior living and MOB operations reportable business segments. These uses were partially offset by proceeds from loans receivable ( $43.2 million and $220.2 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), proceeds from the sale or maturity of marketable debt securities ( $37.5 million and $23.1 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), and proceeds from real estate disposals ( $149.0 million and $20.6 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively). 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during 2012 and 2011 consisted primarily of net borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facilities ( $84.9 million and $537.5 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), net proceeds from the issuance of debt ( $2.7 billion and $1.3 billion in 2012 and 2011 , respectively) and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock ( $342.5 million and $299.8 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively). These cash inflows were partially offset by debt repayments ( $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion in 2012 and 2011 , respectively), cash distributions to common stockholders, unitholders and noncontrolling interest parties ( $738.2 million and $526.0 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively) and payments for deferred financing costs ( $23.8 million and $20.0 million in 2012 and 2011 , respectively). 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes the effect that minimum debt (which includes principal and interest payments) and other material noncancelable commitments are expected to have on our cash flow in future periods as of December 31, 2012 : 

 Total 

 Less than 1 
 year(6) 

 1 - 3 years(7) 

 3 - 5 years(8) 

 More than 5 
 years(9) 

 (In thousands) 

 Long-term debt obligations (1)(2)(3) 

 $ 

 10,206,844 

 $ 

 875,079 

 $ 

 2,556,737 

 $ 

 1,784,812 

 $ 

 4,990,216 

 Capital lease obligations (4) 

 145,000 

 145,000 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Acquisition commitments (5) 

 73,200 

 73,200 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 Operating obligations, including ground lease obligations 

 553,676 

 29,690 

 56,996 

 40,542 

 426,448 

 Total 

 $ 

 10,978,720 

 $ 

 1,122,969 

 $ 

 2,613,733 

 $ 

 1,825,354 

 $ 

 5,416,664 

 (1) 

 Amounts represent contractual amounts due, including interest. 

 (2) 

 Interest on variable rate debt was based on forward rates obtained as of December 31, 2012 . 

 (3) 

 Excludes debt related to one property classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . The total mortgage debt for this property as of December 31, 2012 was $23.2 million and is scheduled to mature in 2013. 

 (4) 

 In January 2013, we acquired eight seniors housing communities that we previously leased pursuant to arrangements that we accounted for as capital leases for aggregate consideration of $145.0 million , thereby eliminating our capital lease obligation. 

 (5) 

 Represents our acquisition commitments related to one seniors housing community and two MOBs. 

 (6) 

 Includes $270.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 6.25% senior notes due 2013 (repaid in full, at par, upon maturity in February 2013). 

 77 

 (7) 

 Includes $130.3 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2015, $400.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.125% senior notes due 2015, and $234.4 million outstanding principal amount of our 6% senior notes due 2015. 

 (8) 

 Includes $375.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2017. 

 (9) 

 Includes $180.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2018 and $3.2 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes maturing between 2018 and 2038. $52.4 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on October 1 in each of the years 2017 and 2027, and $23.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on July 7 in each of the years 2013, 2018, 2023 and 2028. 

 As of December 31, 2012 , we had $19.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits that are excluded from the table above, as we are unable to make a reasonable reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authority. 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 The information set forth in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Asset/Liability Management” is incorporated by reference into this Item 7A. 

 78 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Ventas, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 80 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 81 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 82 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 83 

 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 84 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 84 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 85 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 87 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 89 

 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule 

 Schedule III—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 139 

 79 

 MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Ventas, Inc. (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in a report entitled Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management has determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 was effective. 
 On April 2, 2012, the Company acquired Cogdell Spencer Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Cogdell”). As permitted under Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines, the Company excluded from the assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, internal control over financial reporting of the Cogdell assets and operations. Total assets and total revenues related to Cogdell represented 4.6% and 3.1%, respectively, of the Company’s related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included herein. 

 80 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Ventas, Inc. 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ventas, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index to the financial statements and financial statement schedule. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Ventas, Inc. at December 31, 2012 and 2011 , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Ventas Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 , based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 18, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 18, 2013 

 81 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Ventas, Inc. 
 We have audited Ventas, Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 , based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Ventas, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include internal controls of Cogdell Spencer Inc. (“Cogdell”), which are included in the 2012 consolidated financial statements of Ventas, Inc. and constituted 4.6% and 3.1% of total assets and total revenues, respectively, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Ventas, Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Cogdell. 
 In our opinion, Ventas, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 , based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 2012 consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Ventas, Inc. and our report dated February 18, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 18, 2013 

 82 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands, except per 
 share amounts) 

 Assets 

 Real estate investments: 

 Land and improvements 

 $ 

 1,772,417 

 $ 

 1,614,847 

 Buildings and improvements 

 16,920,821 

 15,337,919 

 Construction in progress 

 70,665 

 76,638 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 981,704 

 800,858 

 19,745,607 

 17,830,262 

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (2,634,075 

 ) 

 (1,916,530 

 ) 

 Net real estate property 

 17,111,532 

 15,913,732 

 Secured loans receivable, net 

 635,002 

 212,577 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities 

 95,409 

 105,303 

 Net real estate investments 

 17,841,943 

 16,231,612 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 67,908 

 45,807 

 Escrow deposits and restricted cash 

 105,913 

 76,590 

 Deferred financing costs, net 

 42,551 

 26,669 

 Other assets 

 921,685 

 891,232 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 18,980,000 

 $ 

 17,271,910 

 Liabilities and equity 

 Liabilities: 

 Senior notes payable and other debt 

 $ 

 8,413,646 

 $ 

 6,429,116 

 Accrued interest 

 47,565 

 37,694 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 995,156 

 1,085,597 

 Deferred income taxes 

 259,715 

 260,722 

 Total liabilities 

 9,716,082 

 7,813,129 

 Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests 

 174,555 

 102,837 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Equity: 

 Ventas stockholders’ equity: 

 Preferred stock, $1.00 par value; 10,000 shares authorized, unissued 

 — 

 — 

 Common stock, $0.25 par value; 600,000 shares authorized, 295,565 and 288,823 shares issued at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively 

 73,904 

 72,240 

 Capital in excess of par value 

 9,920,962 

 9,593,583 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 23,354 

 22,062 

 Retained earnings (deficit) 

 (777,927 

 ) 

 (412,181 

 ) 

 Treasury stock, 3,699 and 14 shares at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively 

 (221,165 

 ) 

 (747 

 ) 

 Total Ventas stockholders’ equity 

 9,019,128 

 9,274,957 

 Noncontrolling interest 

 70,235 

 80,987 

 Total equity 

 9,089,363 

 9,355,944 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 18,980,000 

 $ 

 17,271,910 

 See accompanying notes. 

 83 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands, except per share 
 amounts) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income: 

 Triple-net leased 

 $ 

 831,221 

 $ 

 637,294 

 $ 

 453,592 

 Medical office buildings 

 362,839 

 166,161 

 69,747 

 1,194,060 

 803,455 

 523,339 

 Resident fees and services 

 1,229,479 

 868,095 

 446,301 

 Medical office building and other services revenue 

 20,741 

 36,471 

 14,098 

 Income from loans and investments 

 39,913 

 34,415 

 16,412 

 Interest and other income 

 1,106 

 1,217 

 484 

 Total revenues 

 2,485,299 

 1,743,653 

 1,000,634 

 Expenses: 

 Interest 

 293,401 

 229,346 

 172,474 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 725,981 

 447,664 

 200,682 

 Property-level operating expenses: 

 Senior living 

 843,190 

 590,151 

 291,831 

 Medical office buildings 

 126,152 

 57,042 

 24,122 

 969,342 

 647,193 

 315,953 

 Medical office building services costs 

 9,883 

 27,082 

 9,518 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 98,801 

 74,537 

 49,830 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 37,640 

 27,604 

 9,791 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 — 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 — 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 63,183 

 153,923 

 19,243 

 Other 

 6,956 

 7,270 

 272 

 Total expenses 

 2,205,187 

 1,412,360 

 777,763 

 Income before income (loss) from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 280,112 

 331,293 

 222,871 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 18,154 

 (52 

 ) 

 (664 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit (expense) 

 6,282 

 30,660 

 (5,201 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 304,548 

 361,901 

 217,006 

 Discontinued operations 

 57,227 

 1,360 

 32,723 

 Net income 

 361,775 

 363,261 

 249,729 

 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest (net of tax of $0, $0, and $2,271 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively) 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 3,562 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 246,167 

 Earnings per common share: 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.59 

 $ 

 1.36 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.20 

 0.01 

 0.21 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.24 

 $ 

 1.60 

 $ 

 1.57 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.57 

 $ 

 1.35 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.19 

 0.01 

 0.21 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.23 

 $ 

 1.58 

 $ 

 1.56 

 Weighted average shares used in computing earnings per common share: 

 Basic 

 292,064 

 228,453 

 156,608 

 Diluted 

 294,488 

 230,790 

 157,657 

 See accompanying notes. 

 84 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 361,775 

 $ 

 363,261 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Foreign currency translation 

 2,375 

 (1,944 

 ) 

 6,951 

 Change in unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 

 (1,296 

 ) 

 (2,691 

 ) 

 354 

 Other 

 213 

 (171 

 ) 

 (106 

 ) 

 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

 1,292 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 7,199 

 Comprehensive income 

 363,067 

 358,455 

 256,928 

 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 3,562 

 Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 364,092 

 $ 

 359,687 

 $ 

 253,366 

 85 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 

 Common 
 Stock Par 
 Value 

 Capital in 
 Excess of 
 Par Value 

 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 

 Retained 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 

 Treasury 
 Stock 

 Total Ventas 
 Stockholders’ 
 Equity 

 Noncontrolling 
 Interest 

 Total Equity 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Balance at January 1, 2010 

 $ 

 39,160 

 $ 

 2,573,039 

 $ 

 19,669 

 $ 

 (165,710 

 ) 

 $ 

 (647 

 ) 

 $ 

 2,465,511 

 $ 

 18,549 

 $ 

 2,484,060 

 Net income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 246,167 

 — 

 246,167 

 3,562 

 249,729 

 Other comprehensive income 

 — 

 — 

 7,199 

 — 

 — 

 7,199 

 — 

 7,199 

 Net change in noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 (18,503 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (18,503 

 ) 

 (18,632 

 ) 

 (37,135 

 ) 

 Dividends to common stockholders—$2.14 per share 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 — 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 — 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock for stock plans 

 197 

 21,076 

 — 

 — 

 3,371 

 24,644 

 — 

 24,644 

 Grant of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

 34 

 1,231 

 — 

 — 

 (3,472 

 ) 

 (2,207 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,207 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 39,391 

 2,576,843 

 26,868 

 (255,628 

 ) 

 (748 

 ) 

 2,386,726 

 3,479 

 2,390,205 

 Net income (loss) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 364,493 

 — 

 364,493 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 363,261 

 Other comprehensive loss 

 — 

 — 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 — 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 Acquisition-related activity 

 31,181 

 6,711,081 

 — 

 — 

 (4,326 

 ) 

 6,737,936 

 81,192 

 6,819,128 

 Net change in noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 (3,188 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (3,188 

 ) 

 (2,452 

 ) 

 (5,640 

 ) 

 Dividends to common stockholders—$2.30 per share 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 — 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 — 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock 

 1,627 

 297,931 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 299,558 

 — 

 299,558 

 Issuance of common stock for stock plans 

 9 

 18,999 

 — 

 — 

 3,293 

 22,301 

 — 

 22,301 

 Adjust redeemable OP unitholder interests to current fair value 

 — 

 (4,442 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (4,442 

 ) 

 — 

 (4,442 

 ) 

 Purchase of OP units 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 Grant of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

 32 

 (3,589 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 1,034 

 (2,523 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,523 

 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 72,240 

 9,593,583 

 22,062 

 (412,181 

 ) 

 (747 

 ) 

 9,274,957 

 80,987 

 9,355,944 

 Net income (loss) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 362,800 

 — 

 362,800 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 361,775 

 Other comprehensive income 

 — 

 — 

 1,292 

 — 

 — 

 1,292 

 — 

 1,292 

 Acquisition-related activity 

 — 

 (8,571 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (221,076 

 ) 

 (229,647 

 ) 

 (9,429 

 ) 

 (239,076 

 ) 

 Net change in noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (5,194 

 ) 

 (5,194 

 ) 

 Dividends to common stockholders—$2.48 per share 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 — 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 — 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock 

 1,495 

 340,974 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 342,469 

 — 

 342,469 

 Issuance of common stock for stock plans 

 128 

 22,126 

 — 

 — 

 2,841 

 25,095 

 — 

 25,095 

 Change in redeemable noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 (17,317 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (17,317 

 ) 

 4,896 

 (12,421 

 ) 

 Adjust redeemable OP unitholder interests to current fair value 

 — 

 (19,819 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (19,819 

 ) 

 — 

 (19,819 

 ) 

 Purchase of OP units 

 3 

 (1,651 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 324 

 (1,324 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,324 

 ) 

 Grant of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

 38 

 11,637 

 — 

 — 

 (2,507 

 ) 

 9,168 

 — 

 9,168 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 73,904 

 $ 

 9,920,962 

 $ 

 23,354 

 $ 

 (777,927 

 ) 

 $ 

 (221,165 

 ) 

 $ 

 9,019,128 

 $ 

 70,235 

 $ 

 9,089,363 

 See accompanying notes. 

 86 

 V ENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

 $ 

 361,775 

 $ 

 363,261 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 764,775 

 459,704 

 206,064 

 Amortization of deferred revenue and lease intangibles, net 

 (17,118 

 ) 

 (12,159 

 ) 

 (1,764 

 ) 

 Other non-cash amortization 

 (39,943 

 ) 

 (13,163 

 ) 

 8,750 

 Change in fair value of financial instruments 

 99 

 2,959 

 — 

 Stock-based compensation 

 20,784 

 19,346 

 14,078 

 Straight-lining of rental income, net 

 (24,042 

 ) 

 (14,885 

 ) 

 (10,167 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 37,640 

 27,604 

 9,791 

 Gain on real estate dispositions, net (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 (80,952 

 ) 

 — 

 (25,241 

 ) 

 Gain on real estate loan investments 

 (5,230 

 ) 

 (3,255 

 ) 

 (915 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of marketable securities 

 — 

 (733 

 ) 

 — 

 Income tax (benefit) expense (including amounts in discontinued operations) 

 (6,286 

 ) 

 (31,137 

 ) 

 5,201 

 (Income) loss from unconsolidated entities 

 (1,509 

 ) 

 52 

 664 

 Gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net 

 (16,645 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Other 

 10,315 

 4,446 

 (46 

 ) 

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

 Decrease (increase) in other assets 

 3,756 

 424 

 (8,245 

 ) 

 Increase (decrease) in accrued interest 

 9,969 

 (9,150 

 ) 

 1,311 

 Decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities 

 (24,572 

 ) 

 (20,117 

 ) 

 (1,588 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 992,816 

 773,197 

 447,622 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Net investment in real estate property 

 (1,453,065 

 ) 

 (531,605 

 ) 

 (274,441 

 ) 

 Purchase of private investment funds 

 (276,419 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interest 

 (3,934 

 ) 

 (3,319 

 ) 

 (42,333 

 ) 

 Investment in loans receivable 

 (452,558 

 ) 

 (628,133 

 ) 

 (38,725 

 ) 

 Funds held in escrow for future development expenditures 

 (28,050 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Proceeds from real estate disposals 

 149,045 

 20,618 

 58,163 

 Proceeds from loans receivable 

 43,219 

 220,179 

 19,291 

 Proceeds from sale or maturity of marketable securities 

 37,500 

 23,050 

 — 

 Development project expenditures 

 (114,002 

 ) 

 (47,591 

 ) 

 (1,662 

 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (69,430 

 ) 

 (50,473 

 ) 

 (18,193 

 ) 

 Other 

 (1,995 

 ) 

 (165 

 ) 

 (4,020 

 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (2,169,689 

 ) 

 (997,439 

 ) 

 (301,920 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net change in borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

 84,938 

 537,452 

 28,564 

 Proceeds from debt 

 2,710,405 

 1,343,640 

 597,382 

 Repayment of debt 

 (1,193,023 

 ) 

 (1,388,962 

 ) 

 (524,760 

 ) 

 Payment of deferred financing costs 

 (23,770 

 ) 

 (20,040 

 ) 

 (2,694 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 342,469 

 299,847 

 — 

 Cash distribution to common stockholders 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 Cash distribution to redeemable OP unitholders 

 (4,446 

 ) 

 (2,359 

 ) 

 — 

 Purchases of redeemable OP units 

 (4,601 

 ) 

 (185 

 ) 

 — 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

 (5,215 

 ) 

 (2,556 

 ) 

 (8,082 

 ) 

 Other 

 20,703 

 2,491 

 14,223 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 1,198,914 

 248,282 

 (231,452 

 ) 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 22,041 

 24,040 

 (85,750 

 ) 

 Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 60 

 (45 

 ) 

 165 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 45,807 

 21,812 

 107,397 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 67,908 

 $ 

 45,807 

 $ 

 21,812 

 87 

 V ENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

 Interest paid including swap payments and receipts 

 $ 

 329,655 

 $ 

 257,175 

 $ 

 161,352 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: 

 Assets and liabilities assumed from acquisitions: 

 Real estate investments 

 $ 

 582,694 

 $ 

 10,973,093 

 $ 

 125,846 

 Utilization of funds held for an Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchange 

 (134,003 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Other assets acquired 

 77,730 

 594,176 

 (385 

 ) 

 Debt assumed 

 412,825 

 3,651,089 

 125,320 

 Other liabilities 

 70,391 

 952,279 

 141 

 Deferred income tax liability 

 4,299 

 43,889 

 — 

 Redeemable OP unitholder interests 

 — 

 100,888 

 — 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 34,580 

 81,192 

 — 

 Equity issued 

 4,326 

 6,737,932 

 — 

 Debt transferred on the sale of assets 

 14,535 

 — 

 — 

 See accompanying notes. 

 88 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 1—Description of Business 
 Ventas, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us” or “our”) is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned more than 1,400 properties, including seniors housing communities, skilled nursing and other facilities, medical office buildings (“MOBs”), and hospitals, in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces, and we had three new properties under development. We are an S&P 500 company and currently headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. 
 We primarily acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. As of December 31, 2012 , we leased 898 properties (excluding MOBs and properties classified as held for sale) to healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as Atria Senior Living, Inc. (“Atria”) and Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (formerly Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. and, together with its affiliates, “Sunrise”), to manage 223 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Kindred”) and Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Brookdale Senior Living”) leased from us 196 properties and 148 properties (excluding six properties included in investments in unconsolidated entities), respectively, as of December 31, 2012. 
 In addition, through our Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. (“Lillibridge”) subsidiary and our ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC (“PMBRES”), we provide MOB management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. From time to time, we also make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
 Note 2—Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities (“VIEs”). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity’s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity’s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. We consolidate investments in VIEs when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. We may change our original assessment of a VIE due to events such as modifications of contractual arrangements that affect the characteristics or adequacy of the entity’s equity investments at risk and the disposal of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
 We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis. At December 31, 2012 , we did not have any unconsolidated VIEs. 
 As it relates to investments in joint ventures, based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s), GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances in which the general partner would otherwise consolidate the joint venture. We assess limited partners’ rights and their impact on the presumption of control of the limited partnership by the sole general partner when an investor becomes the sole general partner, and we reassess if: there is a change 

 89 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners; the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests; or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 We report investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies we have the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. Under this method of accounting, our share of the investee’s earnings or losses is included in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 We base the initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities on the fair value of the assets at the time we acquired the joint venture interest. We estimate fair values for our equity method investments based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. The capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads we use in these models are based upon assumptions that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments. 
 We generally amortize any difference between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level over the lives of the related assets and liabilities and include that amortization in our share of income or loss from unconsolidated entities. For earnings of equity method investments with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. In other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method (the “HLBV method”). Under the HLBV method, net income or loss is allocated between the partners based on the difference between each partner’s claim on the net assets of the joint venture at the end and beginning of the period, after taking into account contributions and distributions. Each partner’s share of the net assets of the joint venture is calculated as the amount that the partner would receive if the joint venture were to liquidate all of its assets at net book value and distribute the resulting cash to creditors and partners in accordance with their respective priorities. Under this method, in any given period, we could record more or less income than the joint venture has generated, more or less income than actual cash distributions received or more or less income than the amount we may receive in the event of an actual liquidation. 
 Redeemable OP Unitholder and Noncontrolling Interests 
 In connection with our acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. (“NHP”) in July 2011, we acquired a majority interest in NHP/PMB L.P. (“NHP/PMB”), a limited partnership formed in 2008 to acquire properties from entities affiliated with Pacific Medical Buildings LLC. We consolidate NHP/PMB, as our wholly owned subsidiary is the general partner and exercises control of the partnership. As of December 31, 2012 , third party investors owned 2,257,629 Class A limited partnership units in NHP/PMB (“OP Units”), which represented 27.0% of the total units then outstanding, and we owned 6,099,930 Class B limited partnership units in NHP/PMB, representing the remaining 73.0% . At any time following the first anniversary of the date of their issuance, the OP Units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, 0.7866 shares of our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. We are party by assumption to a registration rights agreement with the holders of the OP Units that requires us, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to file and maintain a registration statement relating to the issuance of shares of our common stock upon redemption of OP Units. 
 As redemption rights are outside of our control, the redeemable OP unitholder interests are classified outside of permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We applied the provisions of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , to reflect the redeemable OP unitholder interests at the greater of cost or fair value. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , the fair value of the redeemable OP unitholder interests was $114.9 million and $102.8 million , respectively. We recognize changes in fair value through capital in excess of par value, net of cash distributions paid and purchases by us of any OP Units. Our diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) includes the effect of any potential shares outstanding from redemption of the OP Units. 
 Certain noncontrolling interests of other consolidated joint ventures were also classified as redeemable at December 31, 2012 and 2011. Accordingly, we record the carrying amount of these noncontrolling interests at the greater of (i) their initial carrying amount, increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest’s share of net income or loss and distributions, or (ii) the redemption value. With respect to these joint ventures, our joint venture partner has certain redemption rights that are outside our control and the redeemable noncontrolling interests are classified outside of permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize changes in carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests through capital in excess of par value. 

 90 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Other than redeemable noncontrolling interests described above, we present the portion of any equity that we do not own in entities that we control (and thus consolidate) as noncontrolling interests and classify such interests as a component of consolidated equity, separate from total Ventas stockholders’ equity, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For earnings of consolidated joint ventures with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. In other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the HLBV method. We account for purchases or sales of equity interests that do not result in a change of control as equity transactions, through capital in excess of par value. In addition, we include net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in net income in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and allocate the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business and is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, not to exceed 35 years. We determine the allocated value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets’ estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. During the remaining construction period, we capitalize interest expense until the development has reached substantial completion. Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
 The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and the in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time. 
 We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities by discounting the difference between the applicable property’s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of the future option price. We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale. Net real estate property for which we have recorded a tenant purchase option intangible liability (excluding properties classified as held for sale) was $432.5 million and $644.0 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. 
 We estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant’s credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. We estimate the fair value of trade names/trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name/trademark. 

 91 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. All of our assumed capital leases contain bargain purchase options that we intend to exercise. Therefore, we recognized real estate assets based on the acquisition date fair values of the underlying properties and liabilities (within senior notes payable and other debt) based on the acquisition date fair values of the capital lease obligations. We depreciate assets recognized under capital leases that contain bargain purchase options over the assets’ respective useful lives. Lease payments are allocated between the reduction of the capital lease obligation and interest expense using the interest method. We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value, and we amortize the recognized asset or liability (excluding purchase option intangibles) to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same maturities and same terms would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. The estimated future cash flows reflect our judgment regarding the uncertainty of those cash flows, so we do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date. We recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. Subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance. 
 We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed using assumptions that are consistent with those used in valuing all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
 We calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
 We record a liability for contingent consideration (included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets) at fair value as of the acquisition date and reassess the fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any changes being recognized in earnings. Increases or decreases in the fair value of contingent consideration can result from changes in discount periods, discount rates and probabilities that contingencies will be met. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 
 We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of our investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. We adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination. We recorded $35.6 million of real estate impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2012 , primarily related to our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment. These charges are primarily recorded as a component of depreciation and amortization in both continuing and discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 If impairment indicators arise with respect to intangible assets with finite useful lives, we evaluate impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, then we estimate the fair value of the asset and compare the estimated fair value to the intangible asset’s carrying value. We recognize any shortfall from carrying value as an impairment loss in the current period. 
 We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may exceed its fair value. If we determine that a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated entity is other-than-temporary, and if such reduced fair value is below the carrying value, we record an impairment. The determination of the fair value of investments in unconsolidated entities involves significant judgment. Our estimates consider all available evidence, including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at market rates, general economic conditions and trends and other relevant factors. 

 92 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if indicators arise. We first assess qualitative factors to determine the likelihood that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors we assess include current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we proceed with the two-step approach to evaluating impairment. In the first step of this approach, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and compare it to the reporting unit’s carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, we proceed with the second step. The second step of this approach requires us to assign the fair value of a reporting unit to all the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination at the date of the impairment test. The excess fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to determine the amount of impairment. We recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied value in the current period. 
 Estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of goodwill, investments in real estate, investments in unconsolidated entities and intangible assets are based upon discounted future cash flow projections or other acceptable valuation techniques, which are based, in turn, upon level three inputs, such as revenue and expense growth rates, capitalization rates, discount rates or other available market data. Our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and estimate and allocate fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations 
 We sell properties from time to time for various reasons, including market conditions or the exercise of purchase options by tenants. We classify certain long-lived assets as held for sale once the criteria, as defined by GAAP, has been met. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value minus cost to sell and are no longer depreciated. Discontinued operations is defined as a component of an entity that has either been disposed of or is deemed to be held for sale if both the operations and cash flows of the component have been or will be eliminated from ongoing operations as a result of the disposal transaction and the entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the component after the disposal transaction. The results of operations and any gain or loss on assets sold or classified as held for sale are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income as discontinued operations for all periods presented. We have estimated interest expense allocated to discontinued operations based on property values and our weighted average interest rate or the property’s actual mortgage interest. 
 Loans Receivable 
 We record loans receivable, other than those acquired in connection with a business combination, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (either in secured loans receivable, net or, with respect to unsecured loans receivable, other assets) at the unpaid principal balance, net of any deferred origination fees, purchase discounts or premiums and valuation allowances. We amortize net deferred origination fees, which are comprised of loan fees collected from the borrower net of certain direct costs, and purchase discounts or premiums over the contractual life of the loan using the effective interest method and immediately recognize in income any unamortized balances if the loan is repaid before its contractual maturity. 
 We regularly evaluate the collectibility of loans receivable based on factors such as corporate and facility-level financial and operational reports, compliance with financial covenants set forth in the applicable loan agreement, the financial strength of the borrower and any guarantor, the payment history of the borrower and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the terms of the applicable loan agreement, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be collected. 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with a maturity date of three months or less when purchased. These investments are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 Escrow Deposits and Restricted Cash 
 Escrow deposits consist of amounts held by us or our lenders to provide for future real estate tax and insurance expenditures and tenant improvements related to our properties and operations. Restricted cash represents amounts paid to us for security deposits and other similar purposes. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 We amortize deferred financing costs as a component of interest expense over the terms of the related borrowings using a method that approximates a level yield. Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, were approximately $42.6 

 93 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and $26.7 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. Amortized costs of approximately $10.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 and $17.8 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 were included in interest expense. 
 Marketable Debt and Equity Securities 
 We record marketable debt and equity securities as available-for-sale and classify them as a component of other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We record these securities at fair value and include unrealized gains and losses recorded in stockholders’ equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We report interest income, including discount or premium amortization, on marketable debt securities and gains or losses on securities sold, which are based on the specific identification method, in income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We recognize all derivative instruments in either other assets or accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value as of the reporting date. We recognize changes in the fair value of derivative instruments in other expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income or accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on the intended use of the derivative and our designation of the instrument. 
 We do not use our derivative financial instruments, including interest rate caps, interest rate swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts, for trading or speculative purposes. Our interest rate caps were designated as having a hedging relationship with their underlying securities and therefore meet the criteria for hedge accounting under GAAP. Accordingly, our interest rate caps are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, and we recognize changes in the fair value of these instruments in accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our interest rate swaps (excluding the interest rate swap contract of an unconsolidated joint venture described below) and foreign currency forward contracts were not designated as having a hedging relationship with their underlying securities and therefore do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting under GAAP. Accordingly, our interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, and we recognize changes in the fair value of these instruments in current earnings (in other expenses) in our Consolidated Statements of Income. One of our unconsolidated joint ventures is party to an interest rate swap contract that was designated as effectively hedging the variability of expected cash flows related to variable rate debt secured by a portion of its real estate portfolio. We recognize our proportionate share of the change in fair value of this swap in accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
 Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and we determine fair value based on the assumptions that we expect market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy). 
 Level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. Level two inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as other inputs for the asset or liability, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves, that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on our own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. If the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. If the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value. In addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

 94 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 We use the following methods and assumptions in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments. 

 • 

 Cash and cash equivalents - The carrying amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 

 • 

 Loans receivable - We estimate the fair value of loans receivable using level two and level three inputs: we discount future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same maturities and same terms would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. Additionally, we determine the valuation allowance for losses, if any, on loans receivable using level three inputs. 

 • 

 Marketable debt securities - We estimate the fair value of marketable debt securities using level two inputs: we observe quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. 

 • 

 Derivative instruments - With the assistance of a third party, we estimate the fair value of derivative instruments, including interest rate caps, interest rate swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts, using level two inputs: for interest rate caps, we observe forward yield curves and other relevant information; for interest rate swaps, we observe alternative financing rates derived from market-based financing rates, forward yield curves and discount rates; and for foreign currency forward contracts, we estimate the future values of the two currency tranches using forward exchange rates that are based on traded forward points and calculate a present value of the net amount using a discount factor based on observable traded interest rates. 

 • 

 Senior notes payable and other debt - We estimate the fair value of senior notes payable and other debt using level two inputs: we discount the future cash flows using current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. 

 • 

 Contingent consideration - We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration using level three inputs: we assess the probability of expected future cash flows over the period during which the obligation is expected to be settled and apply a discount rate that appropriately captures a market participant’s view of the risk associated with the obligation. 

 • 

 Redeemable OP unitholder interests - We estimate the fair value of our redeemable Class A limited partnership units using level two inputs: we base fair value on the closing price of our common stock, as units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, 0.7866 shares of our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. 

 Revenue Recognition 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties and MOB Operations 
 Certain of our triple-net leases, including a majority of the leases we acquired in connection with the NHP acquisition, and most of our MOB leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. We recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectability is reasonably assured. Recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2012 and 2011 , this cumulative excess (net of allowances) totaled $120.3 million and $96.9 million , respectively. 
 Four of our five master lease agreements with Kindred (the “Kindred Master Leases”) and certain of our other leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. We recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 
 Senior Living Operations 
 We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. We recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. Our lease agreements with residents generally have a term of 12 to 18 months and are cancelable by the resident upon 30 days’ notice. 
 Other 
 We recognize interest income from loans, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. We apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. We recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related 

 95 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 accrued interest. When the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. We provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral. 
 We recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Staff Accounting Bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. 
 Allowances 
 We assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables, and we defer recognition of revenue if collectibility is not reasonably assured. We base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. We base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant, and the type of property. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we defer recognition of the straight-line rental revenue and, in certain circumstances, provide a reserve against the previously recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. If we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized and/or to increase or reduce the reserve against the previously recognized straight-line rent receivable asset. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We recognize share-based payments to employees and directors, including grants of stock options, in our Consolidated Statements of Income generally on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the award. 
 Gain on Sale of Assets 
 We recognize sales of assets only upon the closing of the transaction with the purchaser. We record payments received from purchasers prior to closing as deposits and classify them as other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize gains on assets sold using the full accrual method upon closing if the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured, we are not obligated to perform any significant activities after the sale to earn the profit, we have received adequate initial investment from the purchaser, and other profit recognition criteria have been satisfied. We may defer recognition of gains in whole or in part until: (i) the profit is determinable, meaning that the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured or the amount that will not be collectible can be estimated; and (ii) the earnings process is virtually complete, meaning that we are not obliged to perform any significant activities after the sale to earn the profit. 
 Federal Income Tax 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), for every year beginning with the year ended December 31, 1999. Accordingly, provided that we continue to qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on net income that we distribute to our stockholders. However, with respect to certain of our subsidiaries that have elected to be treated as “taxable REIT subsidiaries,” we record income tax expense or benefit, as those entities are subject to federal income tax similar to regular corporations. 
 We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. 

 96 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Foreign Currency 
 Certain of our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are the local currencies of their respective countries. We translate the results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using average rates of exchange in effect during the period, and we translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. We record resulting currency translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders’ equity, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We record foreign currency transaction gains and losses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Segment Reporting 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. Under our triple-net leased properties segment, we acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. Under our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage those communities. Under our MOB operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease, and manage MOBs. 
 On July 1, 2010, we completed the acquisition of businesses owned and operated by Lillibridge and its related entities and their real estate interests in 96 MOBs and ambulatory facilities. With the addition of these businesses and properties, we believed that the segregation of our MOB operations into its own reportable business segment would be useful in assessing the performance of our MOB business in the same way that management evaluates our performance and makes operating decisions. Prior to the acquisition, we operated through two reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; and senior living operations. See “Note 20—Segment Information.” 
 Convertible Debt Instruments 
 We separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement) in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate when interest cost is recognized in subsequent periods. As a result of convertible debt instruments we had outstanding during 2011 and 2010, our interest expense increased and our net income decreased by $4.0 million ( $0.02 per diluted share) and $4.2 million ( $0.03 per diluted share) for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 , respectively. In November 2011, we repaid in full $230.0 million principal amount outstanding of our convertible notes upon maturity and issued 943,714 shares of our common stock in settlement of the conversion value in excess of the principal amount. See “Note 10—Borrowing Arrangements.” 
 Operating Leases 
 We account for payments made pursuant to operating leases in our Consolidated Statements of Income based on actual rent paid, plus or minus a straight-line rent adjustment for leases that provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. 
 Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 
 In June 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income (“ASU 2011-05”), which amends ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . ASU 2011-05 requires entities to present comprehensive income in either: (i) one continuous financial statement or (ii) two separate but consecutive statements that display net income and the components of other comprehensive income. Totals and individual components of both net income and other comprehensive income must be included in either presentation. In December 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-12, Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05 (“ASU 2011-12”). The provisions of ASU 2011-12 indefinitely defer portions of ASU 2011-05 related to the presentation of reclassification of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. We adopted the provisions of ASU 2011-05 and ASU 2011-12 on January 1, 2012. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

 97 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 3—Concentration of Credit Risk 
 As of December 31, 2012 , Atria, Sunrise, Brookdale Senior Living and Kindred managed or operated approximately 17.8% , 14.8% , 10.4% and 4.4% , respectively, of our real estate investments based on their gross book value (excluding properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ). Also, as of December 31, 2012 , seniors housing communities constituted approximately 61.2% of our real estate portfolio based on gross book value (excluding properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ), with skilled nursing and other facilities, MOBs and hospitals, collectively comprising the remaining 38.8% . Our properties were located in 46 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces as of December 31, 2012 , with properties in one state (California) accounting for more than 10% of our total revenues or total net operating income (“NOI,” which is defined as total revenues, excluding interest and other income, less property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs) (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for the year ended December 31, 2012 . Properties in one state (California) and properties in two states (California and Illinois) each accounted for more than 10% of our total revenues or total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 For the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , approximately 10.5% , 14.5% and 24.7% , respectively, of our total revenues and 17.4% , 23.7% and 36.6% , respectively, of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were derived from our lease agreements with Kindred. For the same periods, approximately 6.4% , 7.7% and 10.9% , respectively, of our total revenues and 10.5% , 12.5% and 16.2% , respectively, of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were derived from our lease agreements with Brookdale Senior Living. Each of the Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living is a triple-net lease that obligates the tenant to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing documents, if any, affecting the properties. In addition, each of these leases has guaranty and cross-default provisions tied to other leases with the same tenant, as well as bundled lease renewals. 
 Because the properties we lease to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living account for a significant portion of our total revenues and NOI, our financial condition and results of operations could be weakened and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be limited if either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof. We cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to satisfy its respective obligations to us, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, our ability to service our indebtedness and other obligations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT (a “Material Adverse Effect”). We also cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will elect to renew its respective leases with us upon expiration of their terms or that we will be able to reposition any properties that are not renewed on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. 
 The following table sets forth the future contracted minimum rentals, excluding contingent rent escalations, but including straight-line rent adjustments where applicable, for all of our triple-net and MOB leases as of December 31, 2012 (excluding properties included in investments in unconsolidated entities and properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 ): 

 Kindred 

 Brookdale 
 Senior 
 Living 

 Other 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 2013 

 $ 

 229,845 

 $ 

 153,919 

 $ 

 738,635 

 $ 

 1,122,399 

 2014 

 219,255 

 144,493 

 720,055 

 1,083,803 

 2015 

 127,200 

 135,822 

 698,249 

 961,271 

 2016 

 81,641 

 134,072 

 651,125 

 866,838 

 2017 

 83,786 

 134,072 

 594,915 

 812,773 

 Thereafter 

 258,226 

 296,265 

 3,796,780 

 4,351,271 

 Total 

 $ 

 999,953 

 $ 

 998,643 

 $ 

 7,199,759 

 $ 

 9,198,355 

 Senior Living Operations 
 As of December 31, 2012 , Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 220 of our seniors housing communities, for which we pay annual management fees pursuant to long-term management agreements. 

 98 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Because Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on our managers’ personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on our managers to set resident fees and otherwise operate those properties in compliance with the terms of our management agreements. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, Atria’s or Sunrise’s inability or unwillingness to satisfy its obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, significant changes in Atria’s or Sunrise’s senior management or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 In December 2012, we acquired a 34% ownership interest in Atria through the acquisition of certain private equity funds (the “Funds”) previously managed by Lazard Frères Real Estate Investments LLC or its affiliates (“LFREI”). In connection with this transaction, we obtained certain rights and minority protections regarding material transactions affecting Atria, as well as the right to appoint two directors to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 In August 2012, Sunrise announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Health Care REIT, Inc. (“Health Care REIT”). In connection with this announcement, Sunrise effected an internal reorganization to separate its subsidiaries that operate and manage seniors housing communities (collectively, the “Sunrise management business”) from its real estate assets and its equity interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures that hold real estate assets (collectively, the “Sunrise real estate”). In January 2013, the Sunrise management business was sold to a partnership comprised of three private equity firms and Health Care REIT, and the Sunrise real estate was acquired by Health Care REIT. 
 Kindred, Brookdale Senior Living, Atria and Sunrise Information 
 Each of Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living is subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial information and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial information. The information related to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been derived from SEC filings made by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living, as the case may be, or other publicly available information, or was provided to us by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot provide any assurance of its accuracy. We are providing this data for informational purposes only, and you are encouraged to obtain Kindred’s and Brookdale Senior Living’s publicly available filings, which can be found at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Neither Atria nor Sunrise is currently subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. The information related to Atria and Sunrise contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been derived from publicly available information or was provided to us by Atria or Sunrise, as the case may be, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot provide any assurance of its accuracy. 
 Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property 
 The following summarizes our acquisitions in 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . We make acquisitions and investments in seniors housing and healthcare properties primarily to achieve an expected yield on investment, to grow and diversify our portfolio and revenue base, and to reduce our dependence on any single tenant, operator or manager, geographic area, asset type, business model or revenue source. 
 2012 Acquisitions 
 Funds Acquisition 
 In December 2012, we acquired 100% of the Funds previously managed by LFREI. The acquired Funds primarily own a 34% interest in Atria, which is recorded as an investment in unconsolidated entities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and 3.7 million shares of our common stock. In conjunction with this acquisition, we also extinguished our obligation related to the “earnout,” a contingent performance-based payment arising out of our 2011 acquisition of the real estate assets of Atria Senior Living Group, Inc. (together with its affiliates, “ASLG”), for an additional $44 million . This amount represented the discounted net present value of the potential future payment, which was previously reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as a liability. 

 99 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Cogdell Acquisition 
 In April 2012, we acquired Cogdell Spencer Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “Cogdell”), including its 71 real estate assets (including properties owned through joint ventures) and its MOB property management business, which had existing agreements with third parties to manage 44 MOBs, in an all-cash transaction. At closing, our investment in Cogdell, including our share of debt, was approximately $760 million . In addition, our joint venture partners’ share of net debt assumed was $36.3 million at the time of the acquisition. 
 Pursuant to the terms of, and subject to the conditions set forth in, the agreement and plan of merger, at the effective time of the merger, (a) each outstanding share of Cogdell common stock, and each outstanding unit of limited partnership interest in Cogdell’s operating partnership, Cogdell Spencer LP, that was not owned by subsidiaries of Cogdell was converted into the right to receive $4.25 in cash, and (b) each outstanding share of Cogdell’s 8.500% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $25.00 , plus accrued and unpaid dividends through the date of closing. We financed our acquisition of Cogdell through the assumption of $203.8 million of existing Cogdell mortgage debt (including $36.3 million of our joint venture partners’ share) and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Prior to the closing, Cogdell completed the sale of its design-build and development business to an unaffiliated third party. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had incurred a total of $28.6 million of acquisition-related costs related to the Cogdell acquisition, all of which were expensed as incurred and included in merger-related expenses and deal costs in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the applicable periods. 
 Completed Developments 
 During 2012, we completed the development of three MOBs and two seniors housing communities. These completed developments represent $116.9 million of net real estate property on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012. 
 Other 2012 Acquisitions 
 In May 2012, we acquired 16 seniors housing communities managed by Sunrise in an all-cash transaction. Sunrise continues to manage the acquired assets under existing long-term management agreements. During 2012, we also invested in 21 seniors housing communities, two skilled nursing facilities and 44 MOBs, including 36 MOBs that we had previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities. See “Note 7—Investments in Unconsolidated Entities.” 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 We are accounting for our 2012 acquisitions under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations (“ASC 805”), and we have completed our initial accounting for these acquisitions, which are subject to further adjustment. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which we determined using level two and level three inputs (in thousands): 

 Cogdell 

 Sunrise 

 Other 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Land and improvements 

 $ 

 93,585 

 $ 

 41,689 

 $ 

 59,538 

 $ 

 194,812 

 Buildings and improvements 

 626,302 

 311,888 

 782,870 

 1,721,060 

 Construction in progress 

 23,944 

 — 

 1,653 

 25,597 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 117,132 

 14,320 

 71,347 

 202,799 

 Other assets 

 24,466 

 890 

 20,520 

 45,876 

 Total assets acquired 

 885,429 

 368,787 

 935,928 

 2,190,144 

 Notes payable and other debt 

 213,430 

 — 

 199,395 

 412,825 

 Other liabilities 

 51,280 

 10,565 

 65,837 

 127,682 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 264,710 

 10,565 

 265,232 

 540,507 

 Noncontrolling interest assumed 

 29,058 

 — 

 8,640 

 37,698 

 Net assets acquired 

 591,661 

 358,222 

 662,056 

 1,611,939 

 Cash acquired 

 12,202 

 — 

 12,669 

 24,871 

 Total cash used 

 $ 

 579,459 

 $ 

 358,222 

 $ 

 649,387 

 $ 

 1,587,068 

 100 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2011 Acquisitions 
 ASLG Acquisition 
 In May 2011, we acquired substantially all of the real estate assets and working capital of privately-owned ASLG. We funded a portion of the purchase price through the issuance of 24.96 million shares of our common stock (which shares had a total value of $1.38 billion based on the acquisition date closing price of our common stock of $55.33 per share). In October 2011, we cancelled 83,441 shares issued to the sellers for a working capital adjustment in accordance with the purchase agreement. 
 As a result of the ASLG transaction, we added to our senior living operating portfolio 117 private pay seniors housing communities and one development land parcel, located primarily in affluent coastal markets such as the New York metropolitan area, New England and California. Prior to the closing, ASLG spun off its management operations to a newly formed entity, Atria, which continues to operate the acquired assets under long-term management agreements with us. 
 We accounted for the ASLG acquisition under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which we determined using level two and level three inputs (in thousands): 

 Land and improvements 

 $ 

 341,540 

 Buildings and improvements 

 2,876,717 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 159,610 

 Other assets 

 215,708 

 Total assets acquired 

 3,593,575 

 Notes payable and other debt 

 1,629,212 

 Deferred tax liability 

 43,466 

 Other liabilities 

 202,278 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 1,874,956 

 Net assets acquired 

 1,718,619 

 Cash acquired 

 77,718 

 Equity issued 

 1,376,437 

 Total cash used 

 $ 

 264,464 

 Included in other assets above is $80.5 million of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. All of the goodwill was assigned to our senior living operations reportable business segment. 
 As partial consideration for the ASLG acquisition, the sellers received the right to earn additional amounts (“contingent consideration”) based upon the achievement of certain performance metrics, including the future operating results of the acquired assets, and other factors. We estimated the acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration ( $44.2 million included in other liabilities above) using probability assessments of expected future cash flows over the period in which the obligation is expected to be settled and applying a discount rate that appropriately captures a market participant’s view of the risk associated with the obligation. See “2012 Acquisitions—Funds Acquisition” above for a discussion of subsequent activity related to this contingent consideration. 
 NHP Acquisition 
 In July 2011, we acquired NHP in a stock-for-stock transaction. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement and plan of merger dated as of February 27, 2011, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of NHP common stock (other than shares owned by us or any of our subsidiaries or any wholly owned subsidiary of NHP) was converted into the right to receive 0.7866 shares of our common stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. In connection with the acquisition, we paid $105 million at closing to repay amounts then outstanding and terminated the commitments under NHP’s revolving credit facility. The NHP acquisition added 643 seniors housing and healthcare properties to our portfolio (including properties owned through joint ventures). 

 101 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 We accounted for the NHP acquisition under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which we determined using level two and level three inputs (in thousands): 

 Land and improvements 

 $ 

 701,154 

 Buildings and improvements 

 6,147,737 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 493,125 

 Investment in unconsolidated entities 

 93,553 

 Other assets 

 815,968 

 Total assets acquired 

 8,251,537 

 Notes payable and other debt 

 1,882,752 

 Other liabilities 

 720,420 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 2,603,172 

 Redeemable OP unitholder interests assumed 

 100,888 

 Noncontrolling interest assumed (including redeemable interests) 

 76,658 

 Net assets acquired 

 5,470,819 

 Cash acquired 

 29,205 

 Equity issued 

 5,365,819 

 Total cash used 

 $ 

 75,795 

 The allocation of fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed differs from the allocation reported in “Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2012, due primarily to reclassification adjustments for presentation, adjustments to our valuation assumptions and acquiring additional information not readily available at the date of acquisition. The changes to our valuation assumptions were based on more accurate information concerning the subject assets and liabilities. 
 Included in other assets above is $399.0 million of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. We have allocated $338.5 million and $60.5 million of the goodwill balance to our triple-net leased properties and MOB operations reportable business segments, respectively, based on relative fair value. 
 Other 2011 Acquisitions 
 During 2011, we also invested approximately $329.5 million , including the assumption of $134.9 million in debt, in 14 MOBs and five seniors housing communities. 
 2010 Acquisitions 
 Lillibridge Acquisition 
 In July 2010, we completed the acquisition of businesses owned and operated by Lillibridge and its related entities and their real estate interests in 96 MOBs and ambulatory facilities for approximately $381 million , including the assumption of $79.5 million of mortgage debt that was not repaid in connection with the closing. 
 As a result of the Lillibridge acquisition, we acquired: a 100% interest in Lillibridge’s property management, leasing, marketing, facility development, and advisory services business; a 100% interest in 38 MOBs; a 20% joint venture interest in 24 MOBs; and a 5% joint venture interest in 34 MOBs. We are the managing member of these joint ventures and the property manager for the joint venture properties. Two institutional third parties hold the controlling interests in these joint ventures, and we have a right of first offer on those interests. We funded the acquisition with cash on hand, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facilities and the assumption of mortgage debt. In connection with the acquisition, $132.7 million of mortgage debt was repaid. See “Note 7—Investments in Unconsolidated Entities” for a discussion of our subsequent acquisition of controlling interests in certain of the aforementioned joint ventures. 

 102 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other 2010 Acquisitions 
 During 2010, we also purchased five MOBs for a purchase price of $36.6 million and acquired Sunrise’s noncontrolling interests in 58 of our Sunrise-managed seniors housing communities for a total valuation of approximately $186 million , including the assumption of Sunrise’s share of mortgage debt totaling approximately $144 million . The noncontrolling interests acquired represented between 15% and 25% ownership interests in the communities. We recorded the difference between the consideration paid and the noncontrolling interest balance as a component of equity in capital in excess of par value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma 
 The following table illustrates the effect on net income and earnings per share as if we had consummated the ASLG and NHP acquisitions as of January 1, 2010: 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Revenues 

 $ 

 2,256,319 

 $ 

 2,178,897 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 583,446 

 321,637 

 Earnings per common share: 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 2.03 

 $ 

 1.14 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 2.02 

 $ 

 1.14 

 Weighted average shares used in computing earnings per common share: 

 Basic 

 286,856 

 281,333 

 Diluted 

 289,193 

 282,382 

 Acquisition-related costs related to the ASLG and NHP acquisitions were not expected to have a continuing significant impact on our financial results and therefore have been excluded from these pro forma results. The pro forma results also do not include the impact of any synergies or lower borrowing costs that we have achieved or may achieve as a result of the acquisitions or any strategies that management has or may consider in order to continue to efficiently manage our operations, nor do they give pro forma effect to any other acquisitions, investments, dispositions or capital markets transactions that we completed during the periods presented or eliminate the litigation proceeds we received in 2011 in connection with our lawsuit against HCP, Inc. (“HCP”). These pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been obtained had the ASLG and NHP acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of future operating results. 
 Note 5—Dispositions 
 2012 Dispositions 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 During 2012, we sold 36 seniors housing communities (ten of which were pursuant to the exercise of tenant purchase options) and two skilled nursing facilities for aggregate consideration of $318.9 million , including fees of $5.0 million . We recognized a net gain on the sales of these assets of $81.0 million during 2012. We deposited a majority of the proceeds from the sale of 21 seniors housing communities in an Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) Section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary, and we used approximately $134.5 million of these proceeds for certain of our seniors housing communities and MOB acquisitions during 2012. As of December 31, 2012, no proceeds remained in the 1031 exchange escrow account related to these sales. 
 Senior Living Operations 
 In June 2012, we declined to exercise our renewal option on the operating leases (in which we were the lessee) related to two seniors housing communities we acquired as part of the ASLG acquisition that expired on June 30, 2012. 

 103 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 MOB Operations 
 During 2012, we sold five MOBs for aggregate consideration of $27.2 million . We recognized a gain on the sale of these assets of $4.5 million . 
 2011 Dispositions 
 During 2011, we sold two seniors housing communities and two skilled nursing facilities pursuant to the exercise of tenant purchase options for aggregate consideration of $20.6 million . We recognized no gain or loss from these sales. 
 2010 Dispositions 
 During 2010, we sold seven seniors housing communities for aggregate consideration of $60.5 million , including lease termination fees of $0.7 million , and recognized a gain from these sales of $17.3 million . 
 Discontinued Operations 
 We present separately, as discontinued operations in all periods presented, the results of operations for all assets classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 , and all assets disposed of and all operating leases (under which we were the lessee) not renewed during the three-year period ended December 31, 2012. Set forth below is a summary of our results of operations for properties within discontinued operations for the three years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. As of December 31, 2012 , we classified six seniors housing communities, nine skilled nursing facilities and four MOBs as assets held for sale, included within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognized impairments of $13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 , representing our estimated aggregate loss on the expected sales of these assets. These charges are primarily recorded as a component of depreciation and amortization in the table below. 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 21,511 

 $ 

 26,196 

 $ 

 19,583 

 Resident fees and services 

 4,080 

 5,213 

 — 

 Interest and other income 

 5,052 

 — 

 725 

 30,643 

 31,409 

 20,308 

 Expenses: 

 Interest 

 8,630 

 12,711 

 7,444 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,793 

 12,040 

 5,382 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 5,051 

 4,392 

 — 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 12 

 — 

 — 

 Other 

 1,886 

 1,383 

 — 

 54,372 

 30,526 

 12,826 

 (Loss) income before income taxes and gain on sale of real estate assets 

 (23,729 

 ) 

 883 

 7,482 

 Income tax benefit 

 4 

 477 

 — 

 Gain on real estate dispositions, net 

 80,952 

 — 

 25,241 

 Discontinued operations 

 $ 

 57,227 

 $ 

 1,360 

 $ 

 32,723 

 Note 6—Loans Receivable 
 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , we had $697.1 million and $276.2 million , respectively, of net loans receivable relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
 In December 2012 , we made two secured loans in an aggregate principal amount totaling $425.0 million and having a weighted average interest rate of 8.5% per annum as of December 31, 2012. Both loans mature in 2017. 
 During 2012 , we received aggregate proceeds of $37.6 million in final repayment of three secured loans receivable and four unsecured loans receivable. 
 In 2011, in connection with the NHP acquisition, we acquired (i) mortgage loans receivable having an initial aggregate fair value of approximately $271.7 million and secured by 53 seniors housing and healthcare properties and (ii) unsecured loans 

 104 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 receivable having an initial aggregate fair value of approximately $60.5 million . Also in 2011, we made a first mortgage loan in the aggregate principal amount of $12.9 million , bearing interest at a fixed rate of 9.0% per annum and maturing in 2016. 
 During 2011, we received aggregate proceeds of $218.5 million in final repayment of eight secured loans receivable and recognized a gain of $4.4 million (included in income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income) in connection with these repayments. 
 Note 7—Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 We report investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies we have the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. In December 2012, we acquired a 34% interest in Atria. At December 31, 2012 and 2011 , we also owned interests ranging between 5% and 25% in 55 properties and 92 properties, respectively, that were accounted for under the equity method. 
 With the exception of our interest in Atria, we serve as the managing member of each unconsolidated entity and provide various services in exchange for fees and reimbursements. Total management fees earned in connection with these entities were $7.3 million , $5.7 million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , respectively. 
 We are not required to consolidate these entities, as our joint venture partners have significant participating rights, nor are these entities considered variable interest entities, as they are controlled by equity holders with sufficient capital. Our net investment in properties owned through unconsolidated entities as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $95.4 million and $105.3 million , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , we recorded income (loss) from unconsolidated entities of $18.2 million , $(0.1) million and $(0.7) million , respectively. 
 In August 2012, we acquired the controlling interests (ranging between 80% and 95% ) in 36 MOBs and one other MOB that is being marketed for sale for approximately $350.0 million , including the assumption of $101.6 million in debt. This transaction had a total value of approximately $380.0 million . Prior to this acquisition, our equity method investment in these joint ventures was approximately $12.5 million . In connection with our acquisition of the controlling interests, we re-measured the fair value of our previously held equity interest at the acquisition date fair value to be approximately $30.0 million and recognized a net gain of $16.6 million , which is included in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Operations relating to these properties are now consolidated in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Note 8—Intangibles 
 The following is a summary of our intangibles as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 December 31, 2012 

 December 31, 2011 

 Balance 

 Remaining 
 Weighted Average 
 Amortization 
 Period in Years 

 Balance 

 Remaining 
 Weighted Average 
 Amortization 
 Period in Years 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Intangible assets: 

 Above market lease intangibles 

 $ 

 215,367 

 9.5 

 $ 

 210,358 

 10.1 

 In-place and other lease intangibles 

 766,337 

 23.3 

 590,500 

 22.4 

 Other intangibles 

 33,378 

 8.6 

 16,169 

 13.5 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (352,692 

 ) 

 N/A 

 (188,442 

 ) 

 N/A 

 Goodwill 

 490,452 

 N/A 

 448,393 

 N/A 

 Net intangible assets 

 $ 

 1,152,842 

 19.3 

 $ 

 1,076,978 

 18.5 

 Intangible liabilities: 

 Below market lease intangibles 

 $ 

 429,907 

 15.3 

 $ 

 442,612 

 15.3 

 Other lease intangibles 

 28,966 

 15.8 

 27,157 

 7.9 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (78,560 

 ) 

 N/A 

 (37,607 

 ) 

 N/A 

 Purchase option intangibles 

 36,048 

 N/A 

 112,670 

 N/A 

 Net intangible liabilities 

 $ 

 416,361 

 15.3 

 $ 

 544,832 

 15.2 

 ________ 
 N/A—Not Applicable 

 105 

 Table of Contents 

 Above market lease intangibles and in-place and other lease intangibles are included in acquired lease intangibles within real estate investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other intangibles (including non-compete agreements and trade names/trademarks) and goodwill are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Below market lease, other lease and purchase option intangibles are included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , our net amortization expense related to these intangibles was $123.3 million , $62.5 million and $6.9 million , respectively. The estimated net amortization expense related to these intangibles for each of the next five years is as follows: 2013— $63.0 million ; 2014— $43.1 million ; 2015— $31.6 million ; 2016— $23.8 million ; and 2017— $14.8 million . 
 Note 9—Other Assets 
 The following is a summary of our other assets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Straight-line rent receivables, net 

 $ 

 120,325 

 $ 

 96,883 

 Marketable debt securities 

 5,400 

 43,331 

 Unsecured loans receivable, net 

 62,118 

 63,598 

 Goodwill and other intangibles, net 

 515,429 

 462,655 

 Assets held for sale 

 111,556 

 119,290 

 Other 

 106,857 

 105,475 

 Total other assets 

 $ 

 921,685 

 $ 

 891,232 

 At December 31, 2012 , we held corporate marketable debt securities, classified as available-for-sale and included within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, having an aggregate amortized cost basis and fair value of $4.6 million and $5.4 million , respectively, and maturing on April 15, 2016. At December 31, 2011 , our marketable debt securities had an aggregate amortized cost basis and fair value of $41.2 million and $43.3 million , respectively. In October 2012, we received payment on $37.5 million of our corporate marketable debt securities at par upon maturity. During 2011 , we sold certain marketable debt securities for $23.1 million in proceeds and recognized aggregate gains from these sales of approximately $1.8 million (included in income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income). 

 106 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 10—Borrowing Arrangements 
 The following is a summary of our senior notes payable and other debt as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 : 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 

 $ 

 540,727 

 $ 

 455,578 

 9% Senior Notes due 2012 

 — 

 82,433 

 8¼% Senior Notes due 2012 

 — 

 72,950 

 Unsecured term loan due 2013 

 — 

 200,000 

 6.25% Senior Notes due 2013 

 269,850 

 269,850 

 Unsecured term loan due 2015(1) 

 130,336 

 126,875 

 3.125% Senior Notes due 2015 

 400,000 

 400,000 

 6% Senior Notes due 2015 

 234,420 

 234,420 

 6½% Senior Notes due 2016 

 — 

 200,000 

 Unsecured term loan due 2017(1) 

 375,000 

 375,000 

 6¾% Senior Notes due 2017 

 — 

 225,000 

 Unsecured term loan due 2018 

 180,000 

 — 

 2.00% Senior Notes due 2018 

 700,000 

 — 

 4.00% Senior Notes due 2019 

 600,000 

 — 

 4.750% Senior Notes due 2021 

 700,000 

 700,000 

 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 

 600,000 

 — 

 3.25% Senior Notes due 2022 

 500,000 

 — 

 6.90% Senior Notes due 2037 

 52,400 

 52,400 

 6.59% Senior Notes due 2038 

 22,973 

 22,973 

 Mortgage loans and other(2) 

 2,880,609 

 2,762,964 

 Total 

 8,186,315 

 6,180,443 

 Capital lease obligations 

 142,412 

 143,006 

 Unamortized fair value adjustment 

 111,623 

 144,923 

 Unamortized discounts 

 (26,704 

 ) 

 (39,256 

 ) 

 Senior notes payable and other debt 

 $ 

 8,413,646 

 $ 

 6,429,116 

 _______ 

 (1) 

 These amounts represent in aggregate the approximate $500.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our unsecured term loan facility. Certain amounts included in the 2015 tranche are in the form of Canadian dollar borrowings. 

 (2) 

 Excludes debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. The total mortgage debt for these properties as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $23.2 million and $14.6 million , respectively, and is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans 
 We have $2.0 billion of aggregate borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which may be increased to up to $2.5 billion at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, and includes sublimits of (a) up to $200 million for letters of credit, (b) up to $200 million for swingline loans, (c) up to $250 million for loans in certain alternative currencies, and (d) up to 50% of the facility for certain negotiated rate loans. Borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum (based on the applicable LIBOR for Eurocurrency rate loans and the higher of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% , (ii) the administrative agent’s prime rate and (iii) the applicable LIBOR plus 1.0% for base rate loans, plus, in each case, a spread based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings). We also pay a facility fee ranging from 15 to 45 basis points per annum (based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings) on the aggregate revolving commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2012 , the applicable spread was 110 basis points for Eurocurrency rate loans and 10 basis points for base rate loans, and the facility fee was 17.5 

 107 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 basis points. Borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility mature on October 16, 2015, but may be extended for an additional period of one year at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 Our unsecured revolving credit facility imposes certain customary restrictions on us, including restrictions pertaining to: (i) liens; (ii) investments; (iii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness; (iv) mergers, sales of assets and dissolutions; (v) certain dividend, distribution and other payments; (vi) permitted businesses; (vii) transactions with affiliates; (viii) agreements limiting certain liens; and (ix) the maintenance of certain consolidated total leverage, secured debt leverage, unsecured leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios and minimum consolidated adjusted net worth, and contains customary events of default. 
 At December 31, 2012 , we had $540.7 million of borrowings outstanding, $5.9 million of outstanding letters of credit and $1.45 billion of available borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We recognized a $2.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2011, representing the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees as a result of terminating our previous unsecured revolving credit facilities. 
 In October 2012, we entered into a new $180.0 million unsecured term loan that matures in January 2018. Borrowings under the term loan bear interest at the applicable LIBOR plus a spread based on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings (120 basis points at December 31, 2012 ). 
 In August 2012, we prepaid in full our $200.0 million three-year unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in September 2013. The term loan was non-amortizing and bore interest at an all-in fixed rate of 4% per annum. 
 In December 2011, we entered into a new $500.0 million unsecured term loan facility with a weighted average maturity of 4.5 years, initially priced at 125 basis points over LIBOR . The term loan facility consists of a three -year tranche and a five -year tranche and includes an accordion feature that permits us to expand our borrowing capacity to up to $900.0 million , subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Borrowings under the term loan facility may be made in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars. 
 Each of our existing term loans contains the same restrictive covenants as our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In November 2011, we repaid in full $230.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 3 7 / 8 % convertible senior notes due 2011 upon maturity. In accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the convertible notes, we paid the principal amount of the notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon in cash and issued an aggregate of 943,714 shares of our common stock in settlement of the conversion value in excess of the principal amount. The conversion rate of the convertible notes had been subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, including the payment of certain quarterly dividends in excess of a reference amount. To the extent the market price of our common stock exceeded the conversion price, our earnings per share were diluted. The convertible notes had a minimal dilutive impact per share for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. See “Note 15—Earnings Per Share.” 
 Senior Notes 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we had outstanding $3.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiaries, Ventas Realty and Ventas Capital Corporation (collectively, the “Ventas Issuers”), and approximately $580 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that were issued by NHP and assumed by our subsidiary, Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (“NHP LLC”), as successor to NHP, in connection with the NHP acquisition. 
 In February 2013, we repaid in full, at par, $270.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6.25% senior notes due 2013 upon maturity. 
 In December 2012, we issued and sold $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018, at a public offering price equal to 99.739% of par, for total proceeds of $698.2 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 In August 2012, we initially issued and sold $275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022 (the “2022 Notes”), at a public offering price equal to 99.027% of par, for total proceeds of $272.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. In December 2012, we issued and sold an additional $225.0 million principal amount of 2022 Notes, at a public offering price equal to 98.509% of par, for total proceeds of $221.6 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 In April 2012, we issued and sold $ 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00 % senior notes due 2019, at a public offering price equal to 99.489 % of par, for total proceeds of $ 596.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 

 108 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In February 2012, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022, at a public offering price equal to 99.214% of par, for total proceeds of $595.3 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 During 2012, we repaid in full, at par, $155.4 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 9% senior notes due 2012 and our 8.25% senior notes due 2012 upon maturity, and we redeemed (i) all $225.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6¾% senior notes due 2017 at a redemption price equal to 103.375% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and (ii) all $200.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 at a redemption price equal to 103.25% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in each case pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture governing the notes. As a result of these redemptions, we recognized a total loss on extinguishment of debt of $39.7 million . 
 In May 2011, we issued and sold $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2021, at a public offering price equal to 99.132% of par, for total proceeds of $693.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 During 2011, we repaid in full, at par, $339.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6.50% senior notes due 2011 upon maturity, and we redeemed $200.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 6½% senior notes due 2016 at a redemption price equal to 103.25% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the notes. As a result of this redemption, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $8.7 million . 
 In November 2010, we issued and sold $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2015, at a public offering price equal to 99.528% of par, for total proceeds of $398.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses. 
 During 2010, we repaid in full, at par, $1.4 million principal amount outstanding of our 6¾% senior notes due 2010 upon maturity, and we redeemed (i) all $71.7 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6 5 / 8 % senior notes due 2014 at a redemption price equal to 102.21% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and (ii) all $142.7 million principal amount then outstanding of our 7 1 / 8 % senior notes due 2015 at a redemption price equal to 103.56% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, in each case pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture governing the notes. As a result of these redemptions, we recognized a total loss on extinguishment of debt of $8.9 million . 
 All of the Ventas Issuers’ senior notes are unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas. The Ventas Issuers’ senior notes are part of our and the Ventas Issuers’ general unsecured obligations, ranking equal in right of payment with all of our and the Ventas Issuers’ existing and future senior obligations and ranking senior in right of payment to all of our and the Ventas Issuers’ existing and future subordinated indebtedness. However, the Ventas Issuers’ senior notes are effectively subordinated to our and the Ventas Issuers’ secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. The Ventas Issuers’ senior notes are also structurally subordinated to the preferred equity and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of our subsidiaries (other than the Ventas Issuers). 
 NHP LLC’s senior notes are part of NHP LLC’s general unsecured obligations, ranking equal in right of payment with all of NHP LLC’s existing and future senior obligations and ranking senior to all of NHP LLC’s existing and future subordinated indebtedness. However, NHP LLC’s senior notes are effectively subordinated to NHP LLC’s secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. NHP LLC’s senior notes are also structurally subordinated to the preferred equity and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of its subsidiaries. 
 The Ventas Issuers may redeem each series of their senior notes and NHP LLC may redeem each series of its senior notes (other than our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 and our 6.59% senior notes due 2038), in whole at any time or in part from time to time, prior to maturity at the redemption prices set forth in the applicable indenture (which include, in many instances, a make-whole premium), plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 Our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase at the option of the holders, at par, on October 1 in each of the years 2017 and 2027, and our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase at the option of the holders, at par, on July 7 in each of the years 2013, 2018, 2023 and 2028. 
 Mortgages 
 At December 31, 2012 , we had 244 mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $2.9 billion and secured by 248 of our properties. Of these loans, 223 loans in the aggregate principal amount of $2.5 billion bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 4.0% to 8.6% per annum, and 21 loans in the aggregate principal amount of $438.0 million bear interest at variable rates ranging from 1.0% to 7.3% per annum as of December 31, 2012 . At December 31, 2012 , the weighted average annual rate on our fixed rate mortgage loans was 6.1% , and the weighted average annual rate on our variable rate mortgage loans was 1.9% . Our mortgage loans had a weighted average maturity of 5.6 years as of December 31, 2012 . 

 109 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 During 2012, we assumed mortgage debt of $380.3 million and repaid in full mortgage loans oustanding in the aggregate principal amount of $344.2 million , and recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million in connection with these repayments. 
 Scheduled Maturities of Borrowing Arrangements and Other Provisions 
 As of December 31, 2012 , our indebtedness (excluding capital lease obligations) had the following maturities: 

 Principal Amount 
 Due at Maturity 

 Unsecured 
 Revolving Credit 
 Facility(1) 

 Scheduled Periodic 
 Amortization 

 Total Maturities 

 (In thousands) 

 2013 (2) 

 $ 

 501,029 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 52,198 

 $ 

 553,227 

 2014 

 291,708 

 — 

 47,960 

 339,668 

 2015 

 1,073,272 

 540,727 

 38,673 

 1,652,672 

 2016 

 410,917 

 — 

 31,601 

 442,518 

 2017 

 922,731 

 — 

 19,427 

 942,158 

 Thereafter(2)(3) 

 4,098,227 

 — 

 157,845 

 4,256,072 

 Total maturities 

 $ 

 7,297,884 

 $ 

 540,727 

 $ 

 347,704 

 $ 

 8,186,315 

 (1) 

 At December 31, 2012 , we had $67.9 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, for $472.8 million of net borrowings outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 

 (2) 

 Excludes debt related to one property classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . The total mortgage debt for this property as of December 31, 2012 was $23.2 million and is scheduled to mature in 2013. 

 (3) 

 Includes $52.4 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 that are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on October 1 in each of the years 2017 and 2027, and $23.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 that are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on July 7 in each of the years 2013, 2018, 2023 and 2028. 

 The instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur debt; (ii) make certain dividends, distributions and investments; (iii) enter into certain transactions; and/or (iv) merge, consolidate or sell certain assets. The Ventas Issuers’ senior notes also require us and our subsidiaries to maintain total unencumbered assets of at least 150% of our unsecured debt. Our unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans also require us to maintain certain financial covenants pertaining to, among other things, our consolidated leverage, secured debt, fixed charge coverage and net worth. 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 In the normal course of our business, we are exposed to the effects of interest rate movements on future cash flows under our variable rate debt obligations and foreign currency exchange rate movements on our senior living operations. We follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative instruments, to mitigate these risks. 
 For interest rate exposures, we use derivatives primarily to fix the rate on our variable rate debt and to manage the cost of our borrowing obligations. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes, and we have a policy of entering into contracts only with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When considered together with the underlying exposure that the derivative is designed to hedge, we do not expect that the use of derivatives in this manner would have any material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations. 
 Capital Leases 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we leased eight seniors housing communities pursuant to arrangements that are accounted for as capital leases. Net assets held under capital leases and included in net real estate investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets totaled $215.0 million and $224.7 million as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. In January 2013, we acquired these facilities for aggregate consideration of $145.0 million , thereby eliminating our capital lease obligation. 

 110 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Unamortized Fair Value Adjustment 
 As of December 31, 2012 , the unamortized fair value adjustment related to the long-term debt we assumed in connection with various acquisitions was $111.6 million and will be recognized as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instruments. The estimated aggregate amortization of the fair value adjustment related to long-term debt (which is reflected as a reduction of interest expense) was $52.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 and for each of the next five years will be as follows: 2013 — $34.1 million ; 2014 — $28.2 million ; 2015 — $15.6 million ; 2016 — $8.9 million ; and 2017 — $5.3 million . 
 Note 11—Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011 , the carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments were as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Fair Value 

 Carrying 
 Amount 

 Fair Value 

 (In thousands) 

 Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 67,908 

 $ 

 67,908 

 $ 

 45,807 

 $ 

 45,807 

 Secured loans receivable, net 

 635,002 

 636,714 

 212,577 

 216,315 

 Derivative instruments 

 — 

 — 

 11 

 11 

 Marketable debt securities 

 5,400 

 5,400 

 43,331 

 43,331 

 Unsecured loans receivable, net 

 62,118 

 65,146 

 63,598 

 65,219 

 Liabilities: 

 Senior notes payable and other debt, gross 

 8,186,315 

 8,600,450 

 6,180,443 

 6,637,691 

 Derivative instruments and other liabilities 

 45,966 

 45,966 

 80,815 

 80,815 

 Redeemable OP unitholder interests 

 114,933 

 114,933 

 102,837 

 102,837 

 Fair value estimates are subjective in nature and based upon several important assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows, risks, discount rates and relevant comparable market information associated with each financial instrument. The use of different market assumptions and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. Accordingly, the estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we would realize in a current market exchange. 
 Note 12—Stock-Based Compensation 
 Compensation Plans 
 We have: five plans under which outstanding options to purchase common stock and shares or units of restricted stock have been, or may be, granted to our officers, employees and non-employee directors (the 2000 Incentive Compensation Plan (Employee Plan), the 2004 Stock Plan for Directors, the 2006 Incentive Plan, the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors, and the 2012 Incentive Plan); one plan under which executive officers may receive common stock in lieu of compensation (the Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan); and two plans under which certain non-employee directors have received or may receive common stock in lieu of director fees (the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors (the “Directors Stock Purchase Plan”) and the Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan). These plans are referred to collectively as the “Plans.” 
 During the year ended December 31, 2012 , we were permitted to make option, restricted stock and restricted stock unit grants and stock issuances only under the Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, the Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, the 2006 Incentive Plan and the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors. The 2006 Incentive Plan and the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors expired on December 31, 2012, and no additional grants are permitted under those Plans after that date. 

 111 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The number of shares initially reserved for issuance and the number of shares available for future grants or issuance under these Plans as of December 31, 2012 were as follows: 

 • 

 Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan— 500,000 shares were reserved initially for issuance to our executive officers in lieu of the payment of all or a portion of their salary, at their option, and 500,000 shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2012 . 

 • 

 Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan— 500,000 shares were reserved initially for issuance to nonemployee directors in lieu of the payment of all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees, at their option, and 432,070 shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2012 . 

 • 

 2012 Incentive Plan - The number of shares reserved for grants or issuance to employees and non-employee directors as of December 31, 2012 equaled the sum of (1) 7,500,000 shares, plus (2) 1,336,614 shares that were available for grant under the 2006 Incentive Plan and the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors (together, the “Existing Plans”) as of December 31, 2012, plus (3) up to 1,835,325 shares subject to stock options granted under the Existing Plans that were outstanding as of December 31, 2012 and that expire, or for any reason are forfeited, cancelled or terminated, after December 31, 2012 without being exercised, plus (4) up to 595,480 shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units granted under the Existing Plans that were outstanding as of December 31, 2012 and that for any reason are forfeited, cancelled, terminated or otherwise reacquired by us after December 31, 2012 without having become vested. 8,836,614 of these shares were available for future issuance, effective as of January 1, 2013. The 2012 Incentive Plan replaced the Existing Plans. 

 Under the Plans that provide for the issuance of stock options, outstanding options are exercisable at the market price on the date of grant, expire ten years from the date of grant, and vest over periods of two or three years. The vesting of stock options may accelerate upon a change of control of Ventas, as defined in the applicable Plan, and other specified events. 
 In connection with the NHP acquisition, we assumed certain outstanding options, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units previously issued to NHP employees pursuant to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended (the “NHP Plan”). The outstanding awards continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the NHP Plan and the applicable award agreements. 
 Stock Options 
 In determining the estimated fair value of our stock options as of the date of grant, we used the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 0.68 - 1.39% 

 1.22 - 2.78% 

 2.00 - 3.45% 

 Dividend yield 

 6.75 

 % 

 6.75 

 % 

 6.75 

 % 

 Volatility factors of the expected market price for our common stock 

 35.9 - 42.9% 

 35.7 - 44.3% 

 37.1 - 44.6% 

 Weighted average expected life of options 

 4.25 - 7.0 years 

 4.25 - 7.0 years 

 4.25 - 7.0 years 

 The following is a summary of stock option activity in 2012 : 

 Shares 

 Range of Exercise 
 Prices 

 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price 

 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (years) 

 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 ($000’s) 

 Outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

 2,047,005 

 $11.45 - $57.19 

 $ 

 42.10 

 Options granted 

 459,015 

 55.13 - 55.69 

 55.58 

 Options exercised 

 (596,021 

 ) 

 11.45 - 57.19 

 36.14 

 Outstanding as of December 31, 2012 

 1,909,999 

 11.86 - 57.19 

 47.20 

 6.9 

 $ 

 33,469 

 Exercisable as of December 31, 2012 

 1,488,579 

 $11.86 - $57.19 

 $ 

 44.96 

 6.3 

 $ 

 29,410 

 Compensation costs for all share-based awards are based on the grant date fair value and are recognized on a straight-line basis during the requisite service periods. Compensation costs related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 were $4.4 million , $4.2 million and $3.1 million , respectively. 

 112 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 A summary of the status of our nonvested stock options as of December 31, 2012 and changes during the year then ended follows: 

 Shares 

 Weighted Average 
 Grant Date Fair 
 Value 

 Nonvested at beginning of year 

 361,040 

 $ 

 10.76 

 Granted 

 459,015 

 10.54 

 Vested 

 (398,629 

 ) 

 10.40 

 Nonvested at end of year 

 421,426 

 $ 

 10.86 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had $1.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the Plans. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted average period of 1.2 years. Aggregate proceeds received from options exercised under the Plans or the NHP Plan for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 were $21.5 million , $2.5 million and $10.9 million , respectively. 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 We recognize the fair value of shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units on the grant date of the award as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, with charges to general and administrative expenses of approximately $16.4 million in 2012 , $15.1 million in 2011 and $11.0 million in 2010 . Restricted stock and restricted stock units generally vest over periods ranging from two to five years. The vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units may accelerate upon a change of control of Ventas, as defined in the applicable Plan, and other specified events. 
 A summary of the status of our nonvested restricted stock and restricted stock units as of December 31, 2012 , and changes during the year ended December 31, 2012 follows: 

 Restricted 
 Stock 

 Weighted 
 Average 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 

 Restricted 
 Stock Units 

 Weighted 
 Average 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2011 

 592,198 

 $ 

 50.09 

 33,289 

 $ 

 50.04 

 Granted 

 276,484 

 55.61 

 4,112 

 55.13 

 Vested 

 (271,224 

 ) 

 50.12 

 (30,576 

 ) 

 50.65 

 Forfeited 

 (5,574 

 ) 

 49.36 

 — 

 — 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2012 

 591,884 

 $ 

 52.66 

 6,825 

 $ 

 50.34 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had $18.2 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock and restricted stock units under the Plans and $0.1 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock and restricted stock units assumed in the NHP acquistion. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. 
 Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have in effect an Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) under which our employees and directors may purchase shares of our common stock at a discount. Pursuant to the terms of the ESPP, on each purchase date, participants may purchase shares of common stock at a price not less than 90% of the market price on that date (with respect to the employee tax-favored portion of the plan) and not less than 95% of the market price on that date (with respect to the additional employee and director portion of the plan). We initially reserved 2,500,000 shares for issuance under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2012 , 53,845 shares had been purchased under the ESPP and 2,446,155 shares were available for future issuance. 
 Employee Benefit Plan 
 We maintain a 401(k) plan that allows eligible employees to defer compensation subject to certain limitations imposed by the Code. In 2012 , we made contributions for each qualifying employee of up to 3.5% of his or her salary, subject to certain limitations. During 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , our aggregate contributions were approximately $768,000 , $267,000 and $200,000 , respectively. 

 113 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 13—Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Code for every year beginning with the year ended December 31, 1999. We have also elected for certain of our subsidiaries to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRS” or “TRS entities”), which are subject to federal and state income taxes. All entities other than the TRS entities are collectively referred to as the “REIT” within this Note 13. 
 Although we intend to continue to operate in such a manner as to enable us to qualify as a REIT, our actual qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, distribution levels, stock ownership and various qualification tests. During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , our tax treatment of distributions per common share was as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Tax treatment of distributions: 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 

 2.23124 

 $ 

 2.28131 

 $ 

 1.99928 

 Long-term capital gain 

 0.18884 

 0.01869 

 0.07644 

 Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain 

 0.05992 

 — 

 0.06428 

 Distribution reported for 1099-DIV purposes 

 $ 

 2.48000 

 $ 

 2.30000 

 $ 

 2.14000 

 We believe we have met the annual REIT distribution requirement by payment of at least 90% of our estimated taxable income for 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . Our consolidated (benefit) provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 was as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Current 

 $ 

 1,208 

 $ 

 (4,080 

 ) 

 $ 

 2,459 

 Deferred 

 (7,490 

 ) 

 (26,580 

 ) 

 2,742 

 Total 

 $ 

 (6,282 

 ) 

 $ 

 (30,660 

 ) 

 $ 

 5,201 

 The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily relates to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses (in part due to the reversal of acquisition deferred tax liabilities) related to our TRS entities, net of the current period valuation allowance. The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2011 primarily relates to the reversal of certain income tax contingency reserves, including interest, and the income tax benefit of ordinary losses (in part due to the reversal of acquisition deferred tax liabilities) related to our TRS entities. The statute of limitations with respect to our 2008 U.S. federal income tax returns expired in September 2012. We did not recognize any income tax expense as a result of the litigation proceeds that we received in the third and fourth quarters of 2011, as no income taxes are payable on these proceeds. 
 The deferred tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 was adjusted by income tax expense of $2.3 million related to the noncontrolling interest share of net income. For the tax years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , the Canadian income tax provision included in the consolidated benefit for income taxes was a benefit of $0.7 million , an expense of $0.5 million and a benefit of $0.3 million , respectively. 
 Although the TRS entities have paid minimal cash federal income taxes, their federal income tax liabilities may increase in future years as we exhaust net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and as our senior living operations reportable business segment grows. Such increases could be significant. 

 114 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 A reconciliation of income tax expense, which is computed by applying the federal corporate tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , to the income tax benefit is as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Tax at statutory rate on earnings from continuing operations before unconsolidated entities, noncontrolling interest and income taxes 

 $ 

 104,392 

 $ 

 115,953 

 $ 

 78,381 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

 (842 

 ) 

 (2,364 

 ) 

 700 

 Increase in valuation allowance 

 33,072 

 9,408 

 5,705 

 Increase (decrease) in ASC 740 income tax liability 

 656 

 (4,084 

 ) 

 2,420 

 Tax at statutory rate on earnings not subject to federal income taxes 

 (143,400 

 ) 

 (151,264 

 ) 

 (82,208 

 ) 

 Other differences 

 (160 

 ) 

 1,691 

 203 

 Income tax (benefit) expense 

 $ 

 (6,282 

 ) 

 $ 

 (30,660 

 ) 

 $ 

 5,201 

 The REIT made no income tax payments for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 In connection with our acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living Real Estate Investment Trust (“Sunrise REIT”) in 2007 and the ASLG acquisition in 2011, we established a beginning net deferred tax liability of $306.3 million and $44.6 million , respectively, related to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (primarily property, intangible and related assets, net of NOL carryforwards). No net deferred tax asset or liability was recorded for the Lillibridge acquisition. 
 Each TRS is a tax paying component for purposes of classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards included in the net deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 are summarized as follows: 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Property, primarily differences in depreciation and amortization, the tax basis of land assets and the treatment of interests and certain costs 

 $ 

 (310,756 

 ) 

 $ 

 (332,111 

 ) 

 $ 

 (287,165 

 ) 

 Operating loss and interest deduction carryforwards 

 366,590 

 343,843 

 103,733 

 Expense accruals and other 

 13,984 

 11,511 

 3,093 

 Valuation allowance 

 (326,837 

 ) 

 (281,954 

 ) 

 (60,994 

 ) 

 Net deferred tax liabilities(1) 

 $ 

 (257,019 

 ) 

 $ 

 (258,711 

 ) 

 $ 

 (241,333 

 ) 

 (1) 

 2012 and 2011 includes approximately $2.7 million and $2.0 million , respectively, of deferred tax assets included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Our net deferred tax liability decreased $1.7 million during 2012 due primarily to the reversal of deferred liabilities. Our net deferred tax liability increased $17.4 million during 2011 due primarily to the initial deferred tax liability related to the ASLG acquisition. See “Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property.” 
 Due to our uncertainty regarding the realization of certain deferred tax assets, we have established valuation allowances, the majority of which relate to the NOL carryforward related to the REIT. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 , the net difference between tax bases and the reported amount of REIT assets and liabilities for federal income tax purposes was approximately $5.1 billion and $5.3 billion , respectively, less than the book bases of those assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. 
 We are subject to corporate level taxes for any asset dispositions during the ten -year period immediately after the assets were owned by a C corporation (either prior to our REIT election, through stock acquisition or merger) (“built-in gains tax”). The amount of income potentially subject to built-in gains tax is generally equal to the lesser of the excess of the fair value of the asset over its adjusted tax basis as of the date it became a REIT asset or the actual amount of gain. Some, but not all, future gains could be offset by available NOL carryforwards. 
 Generally, we are subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the year ended December 31, 2009 and subsequent years and are subject to audit by state taxing authorities for the year ended December 31, 2008 and subsequent years. We are also subject to audit by the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) and provincial 

 115 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 authorities generally for periods subsequent to 2007 related to entities acquired or formed in connection with our Sunrise REIT acquisition. 
 At December 31, 2012 , we had a combined NOL carryforward of $289 million related to the TRS entities and an NOL carryforward related to the REIT of $692 million . The REIT NOL carryforward increased from 2011 by $38.7 million and $546.8 million due to the NHP and ASLG acquisitions, respectively. These amounts can be used to offset future taxable income (and/or taxable income for prior years if an audit determines that tax is owed), if any. The REIT will be entitled to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards only to the extent that REIT taxable income exceeds our deduction for dividends paid. Lillibridge and ASLG NOL carryforwards are limited as to their utilization by Section 382 of the Code. The NOL carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 with respect to the TRS entities and in 2016 for the REIT. 
 As a result of our uncertainty regarding the use of existing REIT NOLs, we have not ascribed any net deferred tax benefit to REIT NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 . The IRS may challenge our entitlement to these tax attributes during its review of the tax returns for the previous tax years. We believe we are entitled to these tax attributes, but we cannot assure you as to the outcome of these matters. 
 The following table summarizes the activity related to our unrecognized tax benefits: 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Balance as of January 1 

 $ 

 19,583 

 $ 

 21,883 

 Additions to tax positions related to the current year 

 3,489 

 3,752 

 Additions to tax positions related to prior years 

 59 

 490 

 Subtractions to tax positions related to prior years 

 (968 

 ) 

 (850 

 ) 

 Subtractions to tax positions related to settlements 

 (47 

 ) 

 — 

 Subtractions to tax positions as a result of the lapse of the statute of limitations 

 (2,650 

 ) 

 (5,692 

 ) 

 Balance as of December 31 

 $ 

 19,466 

 $ 

 19,583 

 Included in the unrecognized tax benefits of $19.5 million and $19.6 million at December 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively, was $17.9 million and $19.1 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate. We accrued no penalties. Interest of $0.3 million related to the unrecognized tax benefits was accrued during 2012 . We expect our unrecognized tax benefits to increase by $2.0 million during 2013. 
 Note 14—Commitments and Contingencies 
 Certain Obligations, Liabilities and Litigation 
 We may be subject to various obligations, liabilities and litigation assumed in connection with or arising out of our acquisitions or otherwise arising in connection with our business. Some of these liabilities may be indemnified by third parties. However, if these liabilities are greater than expected or were not known to us at the time of acquisition, if we are not entitled to indemnification, or if the responsible third party fails to indemnify us for these liabilities, such obligations, liabilities and litigation could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, in connection with the sale or leasing of our properties, we may incur various obligations and liabilities, including indemnification obligations, relating to the operations of those properties, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Other 
 We are subject to certain operating and ground lease obligations that generally require fixed monthly or annual rent payments and may also include escalation clauses and renewal options. These leases have terms that expire during the next 88 years, excluding extension options. Our future minimum lease obligations under non-cancelable operating and ground leases as of December 31, 2012 were $29.7 million in 2013 , $29.4 million in 2014 , $27.6 million in 2015 , $23.7 million in 2016 , $16.8 million in 2017 , and $426.4 million thereafter. 

 116 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 15—Earnings Per Share 
 The following table shows the amounts used in computing our basic and diluted earnings per common share: 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per share: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 305,573 

 $ 

 363,133 

 $ 

 213,444 

 Discontinued operations 

 57,227 

 1,360 

 32,723 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 246,167 

 Denominator: 

 Denominator for basic earnings per share—weighted average shares 

 292,064 

 228,453 

 156,608 

 Effect of dilutive securities: 

 Stock options 

 496 

 449 

 407 

 Restricted stock awards 

 92 

 53 

 70 

 OP units 

 1,836 

 942 

 — 

 Convertible notes 

 — 

 893 

 572 

 Denominator for diluted earnings per share—adjusted weighted average shares 

 294,488 

 230,790 

 157,657 

 Basic earnings per share: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.59 

 $ 

 1.36 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.20 

 0.01 

 0.21 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.24 

 $ 

 1.60 

 $ 

 1.57 

 Diluted earnings per share: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.04 

 $ 

 1.57 

 $ 

 1.35 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.19 

 0.01 

 0.21 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 1.23 

 $ 

 1.58 

 $ 

 1.56 

 There were 372,440 , 309,650 and 0 anti-dilutive options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , respectively. 
 Note 16—Litigation 
 Litigation Relating to the NHP Acquisition 
 In the weeks following the announcement of our acquisition of NHP on February 28, 2011, purported stockholders of NHP filed seven lawsuits against NHP and its directors. Six of these lawsuits also named Ventas, Inc. as a defendant and five named our subsidiary, Needles Acquisition LLC, as a defendant. 
 On June 9, 2011, we and NHP agreed on a settlement in principle with the plaintiffs in the consolidated action pending in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (the “Maryland State Court”), which required us and NHP to make certain supplemental disclosures to stockholders concerning the merger. We and NHP made the supplemental disclosures on June 10, 2011. The parties executed a Stipulation of Settlement and Release on April 18, 2012, which was approved by the Maryland State Court on October 30, 2012. 
 Litigation Relating to the Cogdell Acquisition 
 In the weeks following the announcement of our acquisition of Cogdell on December 27, 2011, purported stockholders of Cogdell filed seven lawsuits against Cogdell and its directors. Each of these lawsuits also named Ventas, Inc. as a defendant, and certain of the lawsuits also named our subsidiaries, TH Merger Corp, Inc. and TH Merger Sub, LLC, as defendants. Plaintiffs commenced these actions in two jurisdictions: the Superior Court of the State of North Carolina, Mecklenburg County; and the Maryland State Court. 

 117 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Each of these actions was brought as a putative class action and alleges that Cogdell’s directors breached their fiduciary duties to Cogdell’s stockholders by approving the merger agreement with us. The complaints also allege that Ventas, Inc. and, in some cases, Cogdell, TH Merger Corp, Inc. and TH Merger Sub, LLC aided and abetted those purported breaches. All of the complaints request an injunction of the merger, declaratory relief, attorneys’ fees and costs, and other unspecified monetary relief. 
 On February 29, 2012, we and Cogdell agreed on a settlement in principle with the plaintiffs in the Maryland and North Carolina actions, pursuant to which Cogdell agreed to make certain supplemental disclosures to stockholders concerning the merger. Cogdell made the supplemental disclosures on February 29, 2012. The parties executed a Stipulation of Settlement and Release on December 26, 2012, which is subject to final approval by the Maryland State Court. 
 We believe that each of these actions is without merit. 
 Litigation Relating to the Sunrise REIT Acquisition 
 In May 2007, we filed a lawsuit against HCP in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky (the “District Court”), asserting claims of tortious interference with contract and tortious interference with prospective business advantage arising out of our 2007 acquisition of Sunrise REIT. Following trial in the District Court, in September 2009, a jury awarded us $101.6 million in compensatory damages from HCP, and following subsequent cross-appeals by both parties, in May 2011, the Sixth Circuit unanimously affirmed the jury verdict in our favor and ruled that we were entitled to seek punitive damages against HCP. 
 In August 2011, HCP paid us $102.8 million for the judgment plus certain costs and interest, and in November 2011, HCP paid us an additional $125.0 million in final settlement of our outstanding litigation. As part of the settlement, both parties agreed to dismissals of their cases, appeals and petitions, and all aspects of the litigation were terminated. After certain fees and expenses, the contingent fee for our outside legal counsel and donations to the Ventas Charitable Foundation, we recognized approximately $202.3 million in net proceeds from the compensatory damages award and the final settlement in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 Proceedings against Tenants, Operators and Managers 
 From time to time, Kindred, Brookdale Senior Living, Atria, Sunrise and our other tenants, operators and managers are parties to certain legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims arising in the conduct of their business and operations. Even though we generally are not party to these proceedings, the unfavorable resolution of any such actions, investigations or claims could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect such tenants’, operators’ or managers’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations and their ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Proceedings Indemnified and Defended by Third Parties 
 From time to time, we are party to certain legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims for which third parties are contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. The tenants of our triple-net leased properties and, in some cases, their affiliates are required by the terms of their leases and other agreements with us to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against certain actions, investigations and claims arising in the course of their business and related to the operations of our triple-net leased properties. In addition, third parties from whom we acquired certain of our assets and, in some cases, their affiliates are required by the terms of the related conveyance documents to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against certain actions, investigations and claims related to the acquired assets and arising prior to our ownership or related to excluded assets and liabilities. In some cases, a portion of the purchase price consideration is held in escrow for a specified period of time as collateral for these indemnification obligations. We are presently being defended by certain tenants and other obligated third parties in these types of matters. We cannot assure you that our tenants, their affiliates or other obligated third parties will continue to defend us in these matters, that our tenants, their affiliates or other obligated third parties will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their defense and indemnification obligations to us or that any purchase price consideration held in escrow will be sufficient to satisfy claims for which we are entitled to indemnification. The unfavorable resolution of any such actions, investigations or claims could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our tenants’ or other obligated third parties’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations and their ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Proceedings Arising in Connection with Senior Living and MOB Operations; Other Litigation 
 From time to time, we are party to various legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims (some of which may not be insured) arising in connection with our senior living and MOB operations or otherwise in the course of our business. In limited 

 118 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 circumstances, the manager of the applicable seniors housing community or MOB may be contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against such actions, investigations and claims. It is the opinion of management that, except as otherwise set forth in this Note 16, the disposition of any such actions, investigations and claims that are currently pending will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on us. However, regardless of their merits, these matters may force us to expend significant financial resources. We are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, investigations and claims, and if management’s assessment of our liability with respect thereto is incorrect, such actions, investigations and claims could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
 Note 17—Capital Stock 
 In December 2012, we acquired the Funds, which own 3.7 million shares of our common stock that are reflected as treasury stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2012. See “Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property.” 
 In June 2012, we completed the public offering and sale of 5,980,000 shares of our common stock for $342.5 million in aggregate proceeds. 
 On November 15, 2011, we issued an aggregate of 943,714 shares of our common stock in settlement of the conversion value in excess of the $230.0 million principal amount outstanding of our 3 7 / 8 % convertible senior notes due 2011 upon maturity. 
 On July 1, 2011, following approval by our stockholders, we amended our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as previously amended (our “Charter”), to increase the number of authorized shares of our capital stock to 610,000,000 , comprised of 600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.25 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share. 
 On July 1, 2011, in connection with the NHP acquisition, we issued 99,849,106 shares of our common stock to NHP stockholders and holders of NHP equity awards (which shares had a total value of $5.4 billion based on the July 1, 2011 closing price of our common stock of $53.74 per share). We reserved 2,253,366 additional shares of our common stock for issuance in connection with equity awards and other convertible or exchangeable securities (specifically the OP Units) that we assumed in connection with the NHP acquisition. 
 On May 12, 2011, as partial consideration for the ASLG acquisition, we issued to the sellers in a private placement an aggregate of 24,958,543 shares of our common stock (which shares had a total value of $1.38 billion based on the May 12, 2011 closing price of our common stock of $55.33 per share). On November 2, 2011, we cancelled 83,441 shares issued to the sellers for a working capital adjustment in accordance with the purchase agreement. 
 In February 2011, we completed the public offering and sale of 5,563,000 shares of our common stock for $300.0 million in aggregate proceeds. 
 Excess Share Provision 
 In order to preserve our ability to maintain REIT status, our Charter provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9% of our outstanding common stock or 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of such limit are deemed to be excess shares. These shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our Board of Directors. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the shares. 
 We have the right to buy the excess shares for a purchase price equal to the lesser of the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or the market price on the date we buy the shares, and we may defer payment of the purchase price for the excess shares for up to five years. If we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the excess shares at the direction of the Board of Directors. The owner of the excess shares is entitled to receive the lesser of the proceeds from the sale or the original purchase price for such excess shares, and any additional amounts are payable to the beneficiary of the trust. 
 Our Board of Directors is empowered to grant waivers from the excess share provisions of our Charter. 
 Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under our Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (“DRIP”), existing stockholders may purchase shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of the cash distribution on their shares of our common stock, subject to certain limits. Existing stockholders and new investors also may purchase shares of our common stock under the DRIP by making optional cash payments, subject to certain limits. We currently offer a 1% discount on the purchase price of our common stock 

 119 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to shareholders who reinvest their dividends or make optional cash purchases through the DRIP. The amount and availability of this discount is at our discretion. The granting of a discount for one month or quarter, as applicable, will not insure the availability or amount of a discount in future periods, and each month or quarter, as applicable, we may lower or eliminate the discount without prior notice. We may also, without prior notice, change our determination as to whether common shares will be purchased by the plan administrator directly from us or in the open market. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 The following is a summary of our accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2012 and 2011: 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Foreign currency translation 

 $ 

 23,441 

 $ 

 21,066 

 Unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 

 807 

 2,103 

 Other 

 (894 

 ) 

 (1,107 

 ) 

 Total accumulated other comprehensive income 

 $ 

 23,354 

 $ 

 22,062 

 Note 18—Related Party Transactions 
 In December 2011, we entered into a joint venture with Pacific Medical Buildings LLC to develop a new MOB to be located on the Sutter Medical Center—Castro Valley campus. This MOB development was completed in 2012. Our 82.8% interest in the building is subject to a ground lease from Sutter Health, and the MOB is 100% leased by Sutter Health pursuant to long-term triple-net leases. Pending completion of the development, we did not pay or receive any amounts under the lease agreements with Sutter Health in 2012. Robert D. Reed, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sutter Health, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2008. 
 Upon consummation of the ASLG acquisition in May 2011, we entered into long-term management agreements with Atria to operate the acquired assets. During 2011 and 2012, we paid Atria $20.2 million and $33.9 million , respectively, in management fees under our agreements. Matthew J. Lustig, a member of our Board of Directors since May 2011, served as Chairman of Atria until our acquisition of the Funds on December 21, 2012 (see “Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property”) and is employed by affiliates of LFREI. 
 From time to time, we may engage Cushman & Wakefield, a global commercial real estate firm, to act as a leasing agent or broker with respect to certain of our properties. Cushman & Wakefield President and Chief Executive Officer Glenn J. Rufrano has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 2010. We believe the fees we pay to Cushman & Wakefield in connection with the provision of these services are customary and represent market rates. We paid no fees to Cushman & Wakefield for leasing agent or brokerage services during the year ended December 31, 2012 . 
 In connection with the closing of our Lillibridge acquisition, we entered into an Intellectual Property Rights Purchase and Sale Agreement with Todd W. Lillibridge, who became our Executive Vice President, Medical Property Operations. Under the agreement, we acquired Mr. Lillibridge’s rights in and to the use of the Lillibridge name and the “LILLIBRIDGE” trademark, as well as certain derivative trademarks, design marks and slogans for an aggregate purchase price of $3.0 million , which was included in the total purchase price for the acquisition. See “Note 4—Acquisitions of Real Estate Property.” 

 120 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 19—Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 Summarized unaudited consolidated quarterly information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 is provided below. 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 First 
 Quarter 

 Second 
 Quarter 

 Third 
 Quarter 

 Fourth 
 Quarter 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Revenues(1) 

 $ 

 568,566 

 $ 

 614,502 

 $ 

 641,520 

 $ 

 660,711 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders(1) 

 $ 

 48,110 

 $ 

 43,496 

 $ 

 115,975 

 $ 

 97,992 

 Discontinued operations(1) 

 42,516 

 30,529 

 (4,093 

 ) 

 (11,725 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 90,626 

 $ 

 74,025 

 $ 

 111,882 

 $ 

 86,267 

 Earnings per share: 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.16 

 $ 

 0.15 

 $ 

 0.39 

 $ 

 0.33 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.15 

 0.11 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.31 

 $ 

 0.26 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.29 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.16 

 $ 

 0.15 

 $ 

 0.39 

 $ 

 0.33 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.15 

 0.10 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 (0.04 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.31 

 $ 

 0.25 

 $ 

 0.38 

 $ 

 0.29 

 Dividends declared per share 

 $ 

 0.62 

 $ 

 0.62 

 $ 

 0.62 

 $ 

 0.62 

 ________________________ 

 (1) 

 The amounts presented for the three months ended March 31, 2012 , June 30, 2012 and September 30, 2012 differ from the amounts previously reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as a result of discontinued operations consisting of properties sold in 2012 or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . 

 For the Three Months Ended 

 March 31, 
 2012 

 June 30, 
 2012 

 September 30, 
 2012 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Revenues, previously reported in Form 10-Q 

 $ 

 573,694 

 $ 

 616,448 

 $ 

 641,950 

 Revenues, previously reported in Form 10-Q, subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations 

 (5,128 

 ) 

 (1,946 

 ) 

 (430 

 ) 

 Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 568,566 

 $ 

 614,502 

 $ 

 641,520 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, previously reported in Form 10-Q 

 $ 

 48,297 

 $ 

 42,543 

 $ 

 115,329 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, previously reported in Form 10-Q, subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations 

 (187 

 ) 

 953 

 646 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 48,110 

 $ 

 43,496 

 $ 

 115,975 

 Discontinued operations, previously reported in Form 10-Q 

 $ 

 42,329 

 $ 

 31,482 

 $ 

 (3,447 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations from properties sold or held for sale subsequent to the respective reporting period 

 187 

 (953 

 ) 

 (646 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 42,516 

 $ 

 30,529 

 $ 

 (4,093 

 ) 

 121 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 First 
 Quarter 

 Second 
 Quarter 

 Third 
 Quarter 

 Fourth 
 Quarter 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Revenues(1) 

 $ 

 266,396 

 $ 

 359,421 

 $ 

 554,691 

 $ 

 563,145 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders(1) 

 $ 

 47,939 

 $ 

 18,450 

 $ 

 103,191 

 $ 

 193,553 

 Discontinued operations(1) 

 1,045 

 1,226 

 (306 

 ) 

 (605 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 48,984 

 $ 

 19,676 

 $ 

 102,885 

 $ 

 192,948 

 Earnings per share: 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.30 

 $ 

 0.10 

 $ 

 0.36 

 $ 

 0.67 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 — 

 — 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.31 

 $ 

 0.11 

 $ 

 0.36 

 $ 

 0.67 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.29 

 $ 

 0.10 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.66 

 Discontinued operations 

 0.01 

 0.01 

 — 

 — 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.30 

 $ 

 0.11 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.66 

 Dividends declared per share 

 $ 

 0.575 

 $ 

 0.7014 

 $ 

 0.4486 

 $ 

 0.575 

 ________________________ 

 (1) 

 The amounts presented for the three months ended March 31, 2011 , June 30, 2011 , September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2011 differ from the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 as a result of discontinued operations consisting of properties sold in 2012 or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 . 

 For the Three Months Ended 

 March 31, 
 2011 

 June 30, 
 2011 

 September 30, 
 2011 

 December 31, 
 2011 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Revenues, previously reported in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 268,432 

 $ 

 362,630 

 $ 

 562,528 

 $ 

 571,401 

 Revenues, previously reported in Form 10-K, subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations 

 (2,036 

 ) 

 (3,209 

 ) 

 (7,837 

 ) 

 (8,256 

 ) 

 Total revenues disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 266,396 

 $ 

 359,421 

 $ 

 554,691 

 $ 

 563,145 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, previously reported in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 48,218 

 $ 

 18,906 

 $ 

 102,470 

 $ 

 193,216 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders, previously reported in Form 10-K, subsequently reclassified to discontinued operations 

 (279 

 ) 

 (456 

 ) 

 721 

 337 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 47,939 

 $ 

 18,450 

 $ 

 103,191 

 $ 

 193,553 

 Discontinued operations, previously reported in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 766 

 $ 

 770 

 $ 

 415 

 $ 

 (268 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations from properties sold or held for sale subsequent to the respective reporting period 

 279 

 456 

 (721 

 ) 

 (337 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations disclosed in Form 10-K 

 $ 

 1,045 

 $ 

 1,226 

 $ 

 (306 

 ) 

 $ 

 (605 

 ) 

 122 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 20—Segment Information 
 As of December 31, 2012 , we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and MOB operations. Under our triple-net leased properties segment, we acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under “triple-net” or “absolute-net” leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. Under our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage those communities. Under our MOB operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease, and manage MOBs. Information provided for “all other” includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to our three reportable business segments. Assets included in “all other” consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, deferred financing costs, loans receivable and miscellaneous accounts receivable. 
 With the addition of the Lillibridge businesses and properties in July 2010, we believed that the segregation of our MOB operations into its own reporting segment would be useful in assessing the performance of our MOB business in the same way that management evaluates our performance and makes operating decisions. Prior to the Lillibridge acquisition, we operated through two reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; and senior living operations. 
 We evaluate performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment based on segment profit, which we define as NOI adjusted for gain/loss from unconsolidated entities. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs. We believe that net income, as defined by GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. However, we believe that segment profit serves as a useful supplement to net income because it allows investors, analysts and our management to measure unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. Segment profit should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indicator of our financial performance. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, segment profit should be examined in conjunction with net income as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general, administrative and professional fees, income tax expense, discontinued operations and other non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual reportable business segments for purposes of assessing segment performance. There are no intersegment sales or transfers. 

 123 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Summary information by reportable business segment is as follows: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 Triple-Net 
 Leased 
 Properties 

 Senior 
 Living 
 Operations 

 MOB 
 Operations 

 All 
 Other 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 831,221 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 362,839 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,194,060 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 1,229,479 

 — 

 — 

 1,229,479 

 Medical office building and other services revenue 

 4,438 

 — 

 16,303 

 — 

 20,741 

 Income from loans and investments 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 39,913 

 39,913 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,106 

 1,106 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 835,659 

 $ 

 1,229,479 

 $ 

 379,142 

 $ 

 41,019 

 $ 

 2,485,299 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 835,659 

 $ 

 1,229,479 

 $ 

 379,142 

 $ 

 41,019 

 $ 

 2,485,299 

 Less: 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,106 

 1,106 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 843,190 

 126,152 

 — 

 969,342 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 9,883 

 — 

 9,883 

 Segment NOI 

 835,659 

 386,289 

 243,107 

 39,913 

 1,504,968 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 1,313 

 (48 

 ) 

 16,889 

 — 

 18,154 

 Segment profit 

 $ 

 836,972 

 $ 

 386,241 

 $ 

 259,996 

 $ 

 39,913 

 1,523,122 

 Interest and other income 

 1,106 

 Interest expense 

 (293,401 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (725,981 

 ) 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (98,801 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (37,640 

 ) 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 (63,183 

 ) 

 Other 

 (6,956 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit 

 6,282 

 Discontinued operations 

 57,227 

 Net income 

 $ 

 361,775 

 124 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011 : 

 Triple-Net 
 Leased 
 Properties 

 Senior 
 Living 
 Operations 

 MOB 
 Operations 

 All 
 Other 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 637,294 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 166,161 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 803,455 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 868,095 

 — 

 — 

 868,095 

 Medical office building and other services revenue 

 2,217 

 — 

 34,254 

 — 

 36,471 

 Income from loans and investments 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 34,415 

 34,415 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,217 

 1,217 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 868,095 

 $ 

 200,415 

 $ 

 35,632 

 $ 

 1,743,653 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 639,511 

 $ 

 868,095 

 $ 

 200,415 

 $ 

 35,632 

 $ 

 1,743,653 

 Less: 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1,217 

 1,217 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 590,151 

 57,042 

 — 

 647,193 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 27,082 

 — 

 27,082 

 Segment NOI 

 639,511 

 277,944 

 116,291 

 34,415 

 1,068,161 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 295 

 — 

 (347 

 ) 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 Segment profit 

 $ 

 639,806 

 $ 

 277,944 

 $ 

 115,944 

 $ 

 34,415 

 1,068,109 

 Interest and other income 

 1,217 

 Interest expense 

 (229,346 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (447,664 

 ) 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (74,537 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (27,604 

 ) 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 202,259 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 (153,923 

 ) 

 Other 

 (7,270 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit 

 30,660 

 Discontinued operations 

 1,360 

 Net income 

 $ 

 363,261 

 125 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 : 

 Triple-Net 
 Leased 
 Properties 

 Senior 
 Living 
 Operations 

 MOB 
 Operations 

 All 
 Other 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 69,747 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 523,339 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 446,301 

 — 

 — 

 446,301 

 Medical office building and other services revenue 

 — 

 — 

 14,098 

 — 

 14,098 

 Income from loans and investments 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 16,412 

 16,412 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 484 

 484 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 446,301 

 $ 

 83,845 

 $ 

 16,896 

 $ 

 1,000,634 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 446,301 

 $ 

 83,845 

 $ 

 16,896 

 $ 

 1,000,634 

 Less: 

 Interest and other income 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 484 

 484 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 291,831 

 24,122 

 — 

 315,953 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 9,518 

 — 

 9,518 

 Segment NOI 

 453,592 

 154,470 

 50,205 

 16,412 

 674,679 

 Loss from unconsolidated entities 

 — 

 — 

 (664 

 ) 

 — 

 (664 

 ) 

 Segment profit 

 $ 

 453,592 

 $ 

 154,470 

 $ 

 49,541 

 $ 

 16,412 

 674,015 

 Interest and other income 

 484 

 Interest expense 

 (172,474 

 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (200,682 

 ) 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (49,830 

 ) 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (9,791 

 ) 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 (19,243 

 ) 

 Other 

 (272 

 ) 

 Income tax expense 

 (5,201 

 ) 

 Discontinued operations 

 32,723 

 Net income 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Assets by reportable business segment are as follows: 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Assets: 

 Triple-net leased properties 

 $ 

 8,368,186 

 44.1 

 % 

 $ 

 8,704,061 

 50.4 

 % 

 Senior living operations 

 6,274,207 

 33.1 

 5,758,497 

 33.3 

 MOB operations 

 3,703,453 

 19.5 

 2,433,160 

 14.1 

 All other assets 

 634,154 

 3.3 

 376,192 

 2.2 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 18,980,000 

 100.0 

 % 

 $ 

 17,271,910 

 100.0 

 % 

 126 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Capital expenditures, including investments in real estate property and development project expenditures, by reportable business segment are as follows: 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Capital expenditures: 

 Triple-net leased (1) 

 $ 

 139,680 

 $ 

 133,761 

 $ 

 12,884 

 Senior living (2) 

 758,371 

 370,455 

 10,268 

 MOB (3) 

 1,003,865 

 125,453 

 271,144 

 Total capital expenditures 

 $ 

 1,901,916 

 $ 

 629,669 

 $ 

 294,296 

 (1) 

 2012 includes $58.1 million from funds held in a Code Section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary. 

 (2) 

 2012 includes $64.7 million from funds held in a Code Section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary. 

 (3) 

 2012 includes $11.2 million from funds held in a Code Section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary. 

 Our portfolio of properties and mortgage loan and other investments are located in the United States and Canada. Revenues are attributed to an individual country based on the location of each property. 
 Geographic information regarding our operations is as follows: 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 United States 

 $ 

 2,389,330 

 $ 

 1,651,614 

 $ 

 916,104 

 Canada 

 95,969 

 92,039 

 84,530 

 Total revenues 

 $ 

 2,485,299 

 $ 

 1,743,653 

 $ 

 1,000,634 

 As of December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 (In thousands) 

 Net real estate property: 

 United States 

 $ 

 16,711,508 

 $ 

 15,510,824 

 Canada 

 400,024 

 402,908 

 Total net real estate property 

 $ 

 17,111,532 

 $ 

 15,913,732 

 Note 21—Condensed Consolidating Information 
 We have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by the Ventas Issuers. Ventas Capital Corporation is a direct subsidiary of Ventas Realty that was formed in 2002 to facilitate offerings of senior notes and has no assets or operations. None of our other subsidiaries (excluding the Ventas Issuers, the “Ventas Subsidiaries”) is obligated with respect to the Ventas Issuers’ outstanding senior notes. 
 In connection with the NHP acquisition, our 100% owned subsidiary, NHP LLC, as successor to NHP, assumed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by NHP. We, the Ventas Issuers and the Ventas Subsidiaries (other than NHP LLC) are not obligated with respect to any of NHP LLC’s outstanding senior notes. 
 Contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries’ outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may under certain circumstances restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose 

 127 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of meeting our debt service obligations, including our guarantee of the payment of principal and interest on the Ventas Issuers’ senior notes. Certain of our real estate assets are also subject to mortgages. 
 The following summarizes our condensed consolidating information as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 and for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 , and 2010 : 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 As of December 31, 2012 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Assets 

 Net real estate investments 

 $ 

 7,615 

 $ 

 412,362 

 $ 

 17,421,966 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 17,841,943 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 16,734 

 — 

 51,174 

 — 

 67,908 

 Escrow deposits and restricted cash 

 7,565 

 1,952 

 96,396 

 — 

 105,913 

 Deferred financing costs, net 

 757 

 34,047 

 7,747 

 — 

 42,551 

 Investment in and advances to affiliates 

 10,343,664 

 1,867,251 

 — 

 (12,210,915 

 ) 

 — 

 Other assets 

 26,282 

 4,043 

 891,360 

 — 

 921,685 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 10,402,617 

 $ 

 2,319,655 

 $ 

 18,468,643 

 $ 

 (12,210,915 

 ) 

 $ 

 18,980,000 

 Liabilities and equity 

 Liabilities: 

 Senior notes payable and other debt 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 4,570,296 

 $ 

 3,843,350 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 8,413,646 

 Intercompany loans 

 3,425,082 

 (4,126,391 

 ) 

 701,309 

 — 

 — 

 Accrued interest 

 — 

 24,045 

 23,520 

 — 

 47,565 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 99,631 

 7,775 

 887,750 

 — 

 995,156 

 Deferred income taxes 

 259,715 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 259,715 

 Total liabilities 

 3,784,428 

 475,725 

 5,455,929 

 — 

 9,716,082 

 Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 174,555 

 — 

 174,555 

 Total equity 

 6,618,189 

 1,843,930 

 12,838,159 

 (12,210,915 

 ) 

 9,089,363 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 10,402,617 

 $ 

 2,319,655 

 $ 

 18,468,643 

 $ 

 (12,210,915 

 ) 

 $ 

 18,980,000 

 128 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 As of December 31, 2011 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Assets 

 Net real estate investments 

 $ 

 309 

 $ 

 519,042 

 $ 

 15,712,261 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 16,231,612 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 2,335 

 — 

 43,472 

 — 

 45,807 

 Escrow deposits and restricted cash 

 1,971 

 7,513 

 67,106 

 — 

 76,590 

 Deferred financing costs, net 

 757 

 19,239 

 6,673 

 — 

 26,669 

 Investment in and advances to affiliates 

 8,612,893 

 1,728,635 

 — 

 (10,341,528 

 ) 

 — 

 Other assets 

 54,415 

 47,063 

 789,754 

 — 

 891,232 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 8,672,680 

 $ 

 2,321,492 

 $ 

 16,619,266 

 $ 

 (10,341,528 

 ) 

 $ 

 17,271,910 

 Liabilities and equity 

 Liabilities: 

 Senior notes payable and other debt 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 2,593,176 

 $ 

 3,835,940 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 6,429,116 

 Intercompany loans 

 1,204,987 

 (2,040,590 

 ) 

 835,603 

 — 

 — 

 Accrued interest 

 — 

 12,561 

 25,133 

 — 

 37,694 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 86,101 

 18,162 

 981,334 

 — 

 1,085,597 

 Deferred income taxes 

 260,722 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 260,722 

 Total liabilities 

 1,551,810 

 583,309 

 5,678,010 

 — 

 7,813,129 

 Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests 

 — 

 — 

 102,837 

 — 

 102,837 

 Total equity 

 7,120,870 

 1,738,183 

 10,838,419 

 (10,341,528 

 ) 

 9,355,944 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 8,672,680 

 $ 

 2,321,492 

 $ 

 16,619,266 

 $ 

 (10,341,528 

 ) 

 $ 

 17,271,910 

 129 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 2,538 

 $ 

 278,367 

 $ 

 913,155 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 1,194,060 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 — 

 1,229,479 

 — 

 1,229,479 

 Medical office building and other services revenues 

 — 

 — 

 20,741 

 — 

 20,741 

 Income from loans and investments 

 2,944 

 1,630 

 35,339 

 — 

 39,913 

 Equity earnings in affiliates 

 322,582 

 — 

 828 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 — 

 Interest and other income 

 476 

 25 

 605 

 — 

 1,106 

 Total revenues 

 328,540 

 280,022 

 2,200,147 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 2,485,299 

 Expenses: 

 Interest 

 (3,858 

 ) 

 93,838 

 203,421 

 — 

 293,401 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 2,777 

 36,608 

 686,596 

 — 

 725,981 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 535 

 968,807 

 — 

 969,342 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 9,883 

 — 

 9,883 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 3,682 

 30,317 

 64,802 

 — 

 98,801 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 — 

 39,737 

 (2,097 

 ) 

 — 

 37,640 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 53,120 

 — 

 10,063 

 — 

 63,183 

 Other 

 79 

 — 

 6,877 

 — 

 6,956 

 Total expenses 

 55,800 

 201,035 

 1,948,352 

 — 

 2,205,187 

 Income from continuing operations before income from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 272,740 

 78,987 

 251,795 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 280,112 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 — 

 1,557 

 16,597 

 — 

 18,154 

 Income tax benefit 

 6,282 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 6,282 

 Income from continuing operations 

 279,022 

 80,544 

 268,392 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 304,548 

 Discontinued operations 

 83,778 

 2,296 

 (28,847 

 ) 

 — 

 57,227 

 Net income 

 362,800 

 82,840 

 239,545 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 361,775 

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 82,840 

 $ 

 240,570 

 $ 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 $ 

 362,800 

 130 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 2,471 

 $ 

 270,745 

 $ 

 530,239 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 803,455 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 — 

 868,095 

 — 

 868,095 

 Medical office building and other services revenues 

 — 

 — 

 36,471 

 — 

 36,471 

 Income from loans and investments 

 6,305 

 8,570 

 19,540 

 — 

 34,415 

 Equity earnings in affiliates 

 231,773 

 — 

 1,447 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 — 

 Interest and other income 

 208 

 57 

 952 

 — 

 1,217 

 Total revenues 

 240,757 

 279,372 

 1,456,744 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 1,743,653 

 Expenses: 

 Interest 

 (1,897 

 ) 

 68,153 

 163,090 

 — 

 229,346 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 1,714 

 31,752 

 414,198 

 — 

 447,664 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 510 

 646,683 

 — 

 647,193 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 27,082 

 — 

 27,082 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (5,328 

 ) 

 29,336 

 50,529 

 — 

 74,537 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 2,071 

 8,769 

 16,764 

 — 

 27,604 

 Litigation proceeds, net 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (202,259 

 ) 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 111,845 

 — 

 42,078 

 — 

 153,923 

 Other 

 778 

 — 

 6,492 

 — 

 7,270 

 Total expenses 

 (93,076 

 ) 

 138,520 

 1,366,916 

 — 

 1,412,360 

 Income from continuing operations before income from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 333,833 

 140,852 

 89,828 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 331,293 

 Loss from unconsolidated entities 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (52 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit 

 30,660 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 30,660 

 Income from continuing operations 

 364,493 

 140,800 

 89,828 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 361,901 

 Discontinued operations 

 — 

 3,881 

 (2,521 

 ) 

 — 

 1,360 

 Net income 

 364,493 

 144,681 

 87,307 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 363,261 

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 144,681 

 $ 

 88,539 

 $ 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 $ 

 364,493 

 131 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 2,409 

 $ 

 264,250 

 $ 

 256,680 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 523,339 

 Resident fees and services 

 — 

 — 

 446,301 

 — 

 446,301 

 Medical office building and other services revenues 

 — 

 — 

 14,098 

 — 

 14,098 

 Income from loans and investments 

 5,666 

 7,789 

 2,957 

 — 

 16,412 

 Equity earnings in affiliates 

 258,441 

 — 

 1,914 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 — 

 Interest and other income 

 332 

 83 

 69 

 — 

 484 

 Total revenues 

 266,848 

 272,122 

 722,019 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 1,000,634 

 Expenses: 

 Interest 

 1,758 

 47,246 

 123,470 

 — 

 172,474 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 1,635 

 32,771 

 166,276 

 — 

 200,682 

 Property-level operating expenses 

 — 

 519 

 315,434 

 — 

 315,953 

 Medical office building services costs 

 — 

 — 

 9,518 

 — 

 9,518 

 General, administrative and professional fees 

 (2,549 

 ) 

 21,618 

 30,761 

 — 

 49,830 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

 — 

 8,993 

 798 

 — 

 9,791 

 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 

 14,291 

 — 

 4,952 

 — 

 19,243 

 Other 

 219 

 — 

 53 

 — 

 272 

 Total expenses 

 15,354 

 111,147 

 651,262 

 — 

 777,763 

 Income from continuing operations before income from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations and noncontrolling interest 

 251,494 

 160,975 

 70,757 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 222,871 

 Loss from unconsolidated entities 

 — 

 (664 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (664 

 ) 

 Income tax expense 

 (5,201 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (5,201 

 ) 

 Income from continuing operations 

 246,293 

 160,311 

 70,757 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 217,006 

 Discontinued operations 

 (126 

 ) 

 31,088 

 1,761 

 — 

 32,723 

 Net income 

 246,167 

 191,399 

 72,518 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 249,729 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 

 — 

 — 

 3,562 

 — 

 3,562 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 246,167 

 $ 

 191,399 

 $ 

 68,956 

 $ 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 $ 

 246,167 

 132 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 362,800 

 $ 

 82,840 

 $ 

 239,545 

 $ 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 $ 

 361,775 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Foreign currency translation 

 — 

 — 

 2,375 

 — 

 2,375 

 Change in unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 

 (1,296 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (1,296 

 ) 

 Other 

 — 

 — 

 213 

 — 

 213 

 Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

 (1,296 

 ) 

 — 

 2,588 

 — 

 1,292 

 Comprehensive income 

 361,504 

 82,840 

 242,133 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 363,067 

 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 361,504 

 $ 

 82,840 

 $ 

 243,158 

 $ 

 (323,410 

 ) 

 $ 

 364,092 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 364,493 

 $ 

 144,681 

 $ 

 87,307 

 $ 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 $ 

 363,261 

 Other comprehensive loss: 

 Foreign currency translation 

 — 

 — 

 (1,944 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,944 

 ) 

 Change in unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 

 (2,691 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,691 

 ) 

 Other 

 — 

 — 

 (171 

 ) 

 — 

 (171 

 ) 

 Total other comprehensive loss 

 (2,691 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,115 

 ) 

 — 

 (4,806 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income 

 361,802 

 144,681 

 85,192 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 358,455 

 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,232 

 ) 

 Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 361,802 

 $ 

 144,681 

 $ 

 86,424 

 $ 

 (233,220 

 ) 

 $ 

 359,687 

 133 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income 

 $ 

 246,167 

 $ 

 191,399 

 $ 

 72,518 

 $ 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 $ 

 249,729 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Foreign currency translation 

 — 

 — 

 6,951 

 — 

 6,951 

 Change in unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 

 354 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 354 

 Other 

 — 

 — 

 (106 

 ) 

 — 

 (106 

 ) 

 Total other comprehensive income 

 354 

 — 

 6,845 

 — 

 7,199 

 Comprehensive income 

 246,521 

 191,399 

 79,363 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 256,928 

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 3,562 

 — 

 3,562 

 Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 246,521 

 $ 

 191,399 

 $ 

 75,801 

 $ 

 (260,355 

 ) 

 $ 

 253,366 

 134 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 (761 

 ) 

 $ 

 193,544 

 $ 

 800,033 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 992,816 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (1,364,125 

 ) 

 (100 

 ) 

 (805,464 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,169,689 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net change in borrowings under revolving credit facility 

 — 

 92,000 

 (7,062 

 ) 

 — 

 84,938 

 Proceeds from debt 

 — 

 2,364,360 

 346,045 

 — 

 2,710,405 

 Repayment of debt 

 — 

 (521,527 

 ) 

 (671,496 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,193,023 

 ) 

 Net change in intercompany debt 

 2,151,815 

 (2,085,801 

 ) 

 (66,014 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Payment of deferred financing costs 

 — 

 (21,404 

 ) 

 (2,366 

 ) 

 — 

 (23,770 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 342,469 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 342,469 

 Cash distribution (to) from affiliates 

 (398,071 

 ) 

 (21,132 

 ) 

 419,203 

 — 

 — 

 Cash distribution to common stockholders 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (728,546 

 ) 

 Cash distribution to redeemable OP unitholders 

 (4,446 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (4,446 

 ) 

 Purchases of redeemable OP units 

 (4,601 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (4,601 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (5,215 

 ) 

 — 

 (5,215 

 ) 

 Other 

 20,665 

 — 

 38 

 — 

 20,703 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 1,379,285 

 (193,504 

 ) 

 13,133 

 — 

 1,198,914 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 14,399 

 (60 

 ) 

 7,702 

 — 

 22,041 

 Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 — 

 60 

 — 

 — 

 60 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 2,335 

 — 

 43,472 

 — 

 45,807 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 16,734 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 51,174 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 67,908 

 135 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 124,784 

 $ 

 199,431 

 $ 

 448,982 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 773,197 

 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

 (618,663 

 ) 

 (500,879 

 ) 

 122,103 

 — 

 (997,439 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net change in borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

 — 

 405,000 

 132,452 

 — 

 537,452 

 Proceeds from debt 

 (230,000 

 ) 

 1,069,374 

 504,266 

 — 

 1,343,640 

 Repayment of debt 

 — 

 (206,500 

 ) 

 (1,182,462 

 ) 

 — 

 (1,388,962 

 ) 

 Net change in intercompany debt 

 1,363,963 

 (1,559,518 

 ) 

 195,555 

 — 

 — 

 Payment of deferred financing costs 

 — 

 (19,661 

 ) 

 (379 

 ) 

 — 

 (20,040 

 ) 

 Issuance of common stock, net 

 299,847 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 299,847 

 Cash distribution (to) from affiliates 

 (417,763 

 ) 

 612,798 

 (195,035 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Cash distribution to common stockholders 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (521,046 

 ) 

 Cash distribution to redeemable OP unitholders 

 (2,359 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (2,359 

 ) 

 Purchases of redeemable OP units 

 — 

 — 

 (185 

 ) 

 — 

 (185 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (2,556 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,556 

 ) 

 Other 

 2,489 

 — 

 2 

 — 

 2,491 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 495,131 

 301,493 

 (548,342 

 ) 

 — 

 248,282 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 1,252 

 45 

 22,743 

 — 

 24,040 

 Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 — 

 (45 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 (45 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 1,083 

 — 

 20,729 

 — 

 21,812 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 2,335 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 43,472 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 45,807 

 136 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Ventas, Inc. 

 Ventas 
 Issuers 

 Ventas Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated 
 Elimination 

 Consolidated 

 (In thousands) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 

 14,092 

 $ 

 213,295 

 $ 

 220,235 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 447,622 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 — 

 (266,609 

 ) 

 (35,311 

 ) 

 — 

 (301,920 

 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net change in borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

 — 

 40,000 

 (11,436 

 ) 

 — 

 28,564 

 Proceeds from debt 

 — 

 595,712 

 1,670 

 — 

 597,382 

 Repayment of debt 

 — 

 (244,710 

 ) 

 (280,050 

 ) 

 — 

 (524,760 

 ) 

 Net change in intercompany debt 

 (95,762 

 ) 

 (26,250 

 ) 

 122,012 

 — 

 — 

 Payment of deferred financing costs 

 — 

 (2,647 

 ) 

 (47 

 ) 

 — 

 (2,694 

 ) 

 Cash distribution from (to) affiliates 

 405,433 

 (391,842 

 ) 

 (13,591 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 Cash distribution to common stockholders 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 (336,085 

 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

 — 

 — 

 (8,082 

 ) 

 — 

 (8,082 

 ) 

 Other 

 13,405 

 — 

 818 

 — 

 14,223 

 Net cash used in financing activities 

 (13,009 

 ) 

 (29,737 

 ) 

 (188,706 

 ) 

 — 

 (231,452 

 ) 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 1,083 

 (83,051 

 ) 

 (3,782 

 ) 

 — 

 (85,750 

 ) 

 Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

 — 

 165 

 — 

 — 

 165 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 — 

 82,886 

 24,511 

 — 

 107,397 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 1,083 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 20,729 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 21,812 

 137 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2012 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 (In thousands) 

 Reconciliation of real estate: 

 Carrying cost: 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 $ 

 17,029,404 

 $ 

 6,600,886 

 $ 

 6,292,621 

 Additions during period: 

 Acquisitions 

 1,889,592 

 10,491,275 

 315,538 

 Capital expenditures 

 184,675 

 102,918 

 21,038 

 Dispositions: 

 Sales and/or transfers to assets held for sale 

 (349,456 

 ) 

 (157,764 

 ) 

 (46,083 

 ) 

 Foreign currency translation 

 9,688 

 (7,911 

 ) 

 17,772 

 Balance at end of period 

 $ 

 18,763,903 

 $ 

 17,029,404 

 $ 

 6,600,886 

 Accumulated depreciation: 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 $ 

 1,729,976 

 $ 

 1,368,219 

 $ 

 1,177,911 

 Additions during period: 

 Depreciation expense 

 620,076 

 380,734 

 197,256 

 Dispositions: 

 Sales and/or transfers to assets held for sale 

 (61,583 

 ) 

 (16,536 

 ) 

 (8,259 

 ) 

 Foreign currency translation 

 1,314 

 (2,441 

 ) 

 1,311 

 Balance at end of period 

 $ 

 2,289,783 

 $ 

 1,729,976 

 $ 

 1,368,219 

 138 

 VENTAS, INC. 
 SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2012 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 KINDRED SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES 

 0791 

 Whitesburg Gardens Health Care Center 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 534 

 $ 

 4,216 

 $ 

 — 

 $ 

 534 

 $ 

 4,216 

 $ 

 4,750 

 $ 

 3,659 

 $ 

 1,091 

 1968 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0824 

 Specialty Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center of Mobile 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 — 

 5 

 2,981 

 — 

 5 

 2,981 

 2,986 

 2,140 

 846 

 1967 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0853 

 Kachina Point Health Care and Rehabilitation Center 

 Sedona 

 AZ 

 — 

 364 

 4,179 

 — 

 364 

 4,179 

 4,543 

 2,944 

 1,599 

 1983 

 1984 

 45 years 

 0743 

 Desert Life Rehabilitation and Care Center 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 611 

 5,117 

 — 

 611 

 5,117 

 5,728 

 4,268 

 1,460 

 1979 

 1982 

 37 years 

 0851 

 Villa Campana Health Care Center 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 533 

 2,201 

 — 

 533 

 2,201 

 2,734 

 1,316 

 1,418 

 1983 

 1993 

 35 years 

 0738 

 Bay View Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Alameda 

 CA 

 — 

 1,462 

 5,981 

 — 

 1,462 

 5,981 

 7,443 

 4,340 

 3,103 

 1967 

 1993 

 45 years 

 0167 

 Canyonwood Nursing and Rehab Center 

 Redding 

 CA 

 — 

 401 

 3,784 

 — 

 401 

 3,784 

 4,185 

 2,034 

 2,151 

 1989 

 1989 

 45 years 

 0150 

 The Tunnell Center for Rehabilitation & Heathcare 

 San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 1,902 

 7,531 

 — 

 1,902 

 7,531 

 9,433 

 5,346 

 4,087 

 1967 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0335 

 Lawton Healthcare Center 

 San Francisco 

 CA 

 — 

 943 

 514 

 — 

 943 

 514 

 1,457 

 463 

 994 

 1962 

 1996 

 20 years 

 0148 

 Village Square Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 San Marcos 

 CA 

 — 

 766 

 3,507 

 — 

 766 

 3,507 

 4,273 

 1,670 

 2,603 

 1989 

 1993 

 42 years 

 0350 

 Valley Gardens Health Care & Rehabilitation Center 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 — 

 516 

 3,405 

 — 

 516 

 3,405 

 3,921 

 1,911 

 2,010 

 1988 

 1988 

 29 years 

 0745 

 Aurora Care Center 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 — 

 197 

 2,328 

 — 

 197 

 2,328 

 2,525 

 1,605 

 920 

 1962 

 1995 

 30 years 

 0873 

 Brighton Care Center 

 Brighton 

 CO 

 — 

 282 

 3,377 

 — 

 282 

 3,377 

 3,659 

 2,394 

 1,265 

 1969 

 1992 

 30 years 

 0744 

 Cherry Hills Health Care Center 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 241 

 2,180 

 — 

 241 

 2,180 

 2,421 

 1,577 

 844 

 1960 

 1995 

 30 years 

 0859 

 Malley Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Northglenn 

 CO 

 — 

 501 

 8,294 

 — 

 501 

 8,294 

 8,795 

 5,566 

 3,229 

 1971 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0568 

 Parkway Pavilion Healthcare 

 Enfield 

 CT 

 — 

 337 

 3,607 

 — 

 337 

 3,607 

 3,944 

 2,802 

 1,142 

 1968 

 1994 

 28 years 

 139 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0562 

 Andrew House Healthcare 

 New Britain 

 CT 

 — 

 247 

 1,963 

 — 

 247 

 1,963 

 2,210 

 1,314 

 896 

 1967 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0563 

 The Crossings West Campus 

 New London 

 CT 

 — 

 202 

 2,363 

 — 

 202 

 2,363 

 2,565 

 1,702 

 863 

 1969 

 1994 

 28 years 

 0567 

 The Crossings East Campus 

 New London 

 CT 

 — 

 401 

 2,776 

 — 

 401 

 2,776 

 3,177 

 2,160 

 1,017 

 1968 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0566 

 Windsor Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Windsor 

 CT 

 — 

 368 

 2,520 

 — 

 368 

 2,520 

 2,888 

 1,949 

 939 

 1965 

 1994 

 30 years 

 1228 

 Lafayette Nursing and Rehab Center 

 Fayetteville 

 GA 

 — 

 598 

 6,623 

 — 

 598 

 6,623 

 7,221 

 5,673 

 1,548 

 1989 

 1995 

 20 years 

 0645 

 Specialty Care of Marietta 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 — 

 241 

 2,782 

 — 

 241 

 2,782 

 3,023 

 2,014 

 1,009 

 1968 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0155 

 Savannah Rehabilitation & Nursing Center 

 Savannah 

 GA 

 — 

 213 

 2,772 

 — 

 213 

 2,772 

 2,985 

 1,935 

 1,050 

 1968 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0660 

 Savannah Specialty Care Center 

 Savannah 

 GA 

 — 

 157 

 2,219 

 — 

 157 

 2,219 

 2,376 

 1,822 

 554 

 1972 

 1991 

 26 years 

 0216 

 Boise Health and Rehabilitation Center 

 Boise 

 ID 

 — 

 256 

 3,593 

 — 

 256 

 3,593 

 3,849 

 1,431 

 2,418 

 1977 

 1998 

 45 years 

 0218 

 Canyon West Health and Rehabilitation Center 

 Caldwell 

 ID 

 — 

 312 

 2,050 

 — 

 312 

 2,050 

 2,362 

 901 

 1,461 

 1974 

 1998 

 45 years 

 0409 

 Mountain Valley Care & Rehabilitation Center 

 Kellogg 

 ID 

 — 

 68 

 1,280 

 — 

 68 

 1,280 

 1,348 

 1,288 

 60 

 1971 

 1984 

 25 years 

 0221 

 Lewiston Rehabilitation & Care Center 

 Lewiston 

 ID 

 — 

 133 

 3,982 

 — 

 133 

 3,982 

 4,115 

 3,285 

 830 

 1964 

 1984 

 29 years 

 0225 

 Aspen Park Healthcare 

 Moscow 

 ID 

 — 

 261 

 2,571 

 — 

 261 

 2,571 

 2,832 

 2,300 

 532 

 1955 

 1990 

 25 years 

 0222 

 Nampa Care Center 

 Nampa 

 ID 

 — 

 252 

 2,810 

 — 

 252 

 2,810 

 3,062 

 2,676 

 386 

 1950 

 1983 

 25 years 

 0223 

 Weiser Rehabilitation & Care Center 

 Weiser 

 ID 

 — 

 157 

 1,760 

 — 

 157 

 1,760 

 1,917 

 1,824 

 93 

 1963 

 1983 

 25 years 

 0269 

 Meadowvale Health and Rehabilitation Center 

 Bluffton 

 IN 

 — 

 7 

 787 

 — 

 7 

 787 

 794 

 592 

 202 

 1962 

 1995 

 22 years 

 0290 

 Bremen Health Care Center 

 Bremen 

 IN 

 — 

 109 

 3,354 

 — 

 109 

 3,354 

 3,463 

 2,033 

 1,430 

 1982 

 1996 

 45 years 

 0694 

 Wedgewood Healthcare Center 

 Clarksville 

 IN 

 — 

 119 

 5,115 

 — 

 119 

 5,115 

 5,234 

 3,111 

 2,123 

 1985 

 1995 

 35 years 

 0780 

 Columbus Health and Rehabilitation Center 

 Columbus 

 IN 

 — 

 345 

 6,817 

 — 

 345 

 6,817 

 7,162 

 5,851 

 1,311 

 1966 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0131 

 Harrison Health and Rehabilitation Centre 

 Corydon 

 IN 

 — 

 125 

 6,068 

 — 

 125 

 6,068 

 6,193 

 2,026 

 4,167 

 1998 

 1998 

 45 years 

 0209 

 Valley View Health Care Center 

 Elkhart 

 IN 

 — 

 87 

 2,665 

 — 

 87 

 2,665 

 2,752 

 2,101 

 651 

 1985 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0213 

 Wildwood Health Care Center 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 134 

 4,983 

 — 

 134 

 4,983 

 5,117 

 3,886 

 1,231 

 1988 

 1993 

 25 years 

 140 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0294 

 Windsor Estates Health & Rehab Center 

 Kokomo 

 IN 

 — 

 256 

 6,625 

 — 

 256 

 6,625 

 6,881 

 3,945 

 2,936 

 1962 

 1995 

 35 years 

 0407 

 Parkwood Health Care Center 

 Lebanon 

 IN 

 — 

 121 

 4,512 

 — 

 121 

 4,512 

 4,633 

 3,509 

 1,124 

 1977 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0406 

 Muncie Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 — 

 108 

 4,202 

 — 

 108 

 4,202 

 4,310 

 3,250 

 1,060 

 1980 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0111 

 Rolling Hills Health Care Center 

 New Albany 

 IN 

 — 

 81 

 1,894 

 — 

 81 

 1,894 

 1,975 

 1,500 

 475 

 1984 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0112 

 Royal Oaks Health Care and Rehabilitation Center 

 Terre Haute 

 IN 

 — 

 418 

 5,779 

 — 

 418 

 5,779 

 6,197 

 2,404 

 3,793 

 1995 

 1995 

 45 years 

 0113 

 Southwood Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Terre Haute 

 IN 

 — 

 90 

 2,868 

 — 

 90 

 2,868 

 2,958 

 2,249 

 709 

 1988 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0277 

 Rosewood Health Care Center 

 Bowling Green 

 KY 

 — 

 248 

 5,371 

 — 

 248 

 5,371 

 5,619 

 4,017 

 1,602 

 1970 

 1990 

 30 years 

 0281 

 Riverside Manor Healthcare Center 

 Calhoun 

 KY 

 — 

 103 

 2,119 

 — 

 103 

 2,119 

 2,222 

 1,604 

 618 

 1963 

 1990 

 30 years 

 0278 

 Oakview Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Calvert City 

 KY 

 — 

 124 

 2,882 

 — 

 124 

 2,882 

 3,006 

 2,157 

 849 

 1967 

 1990 

 30 years 

 0782 

 Danville Centre for Health and Rehabilitation 

 Danville 

 KY 

 — 

 322 

 3,538 

 — 

 322 

 3,538 

 3,860 

 2,286 

 1,574 

 1962 

 1995 

 30 years 

 0787 

 Woodland Terrace Health Care Facility 

 Elizabethtown 

 KY 

 — 

 216 

 1,795 

 — 

 216 

 1,795 

 2,011 

 1,894 

 117 

 1969 

 1982 

 26 years 

 0282 

 Maple Manor Health Care Center 

 Greenville 

 KY 

 — 

 59 

 3,187 

 — 

 59 

 3,187 

 3,246 

 2,407 

 839 

 1968 

 1990 

 30 years 

 0864 

 Harrodsburg Health Care Center 

 Harrodsburg 

 KY 

 — 

 137 

 1,830 

 — 

 137 

 1,830 

 1,967 

 1,527 

 440 

 1974 

 1985 

 35 years 

 0784 

 Northfield Centre for Health and Rehabilitation 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 285 

 1,555 

 — 

 285 

 1,555 

 1,840 

 1,262 

 578 

 1969 

 1985 

 30 years 

 0785 

 Hillcrest Health Care Center 

 Owensboro 

 KY 

 — 

 544 

 2,619 

 — 

 544 

 2,619 

 3,163 

 2,697 

 466 

 1963 

 1982 

 22 years 

 0280 

 Fountain Circle Health and Rehabilitation 

 Winchester 

 KY 

 — 

 137 

 6,120 

 — 

 137 

 6,120 

 6,257 

 4,534 

 1,723 

 1967 

 1990 

 30 years 

 0582 

 Colony House Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Abington 

 MA 

 — 

 132 

 999 

 — 

 132 

 999 

 1,131 

 1,079 

 52 

 1965 

 1969 

 40 years 

 0581 

 Blueberry Hill Skilled Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 Beverly 

 MA 

 — 

 129 

 4,290 

 — 

 129 

 4,290 

 4,419 

 3,234 

 1,185 

 1965 

 1968 

 40 years 

 0506 

 Presentation Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 Brighton 

 MA 

 — 

 184 

 1,220 

 — 

 184 

 1,220 

 1,404 

 1,244 

 160 

 1968 

 1982 

 28 years 

 0588 

 Walden Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Concord 

 MA 

 — 

 181 

 1,347 

 — 

 181 

 1,347 

 1,528 

 1,377 

 151 

 1969 

 1968 

 40 years 

 141 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0514 

 Sachem Skilled Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 East Bridgewater 

 MA 

 — 

 529 

 1,238 

 — 

 529 

 1,238 

 1,767 

 1,538 

 229 

 1968 

 1982 

 27 years 

 0508 

 Crawford Skilled Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Fall River 

 MA 

 — 

 127 

 1,109 

 — 

 127 

 1,109 

 1,236 

 1,111 

 125 

 1968 

 1982 

 29 years 

 0532 

 Hillcrest Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Fitchburg 

 MA 

 — 

 175 

 1,461 

 — 

 175 

 1,461 

 1,636 

 1,472 

 164 

 1957 

 1984 

 25 years 

 0584 

 Franklin Skilled Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Franklin 

 MA 

 — 

 156 

 757 

 — 

 156 

 757 

 913 

 796 

 117 

 1967 

 1969 

 40 years 

 0518 

 Timberlyn Heights Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Great Barrington 

 MA 

 — 

 120 

 1,305 

 — 

 120 

 1,305 

 1,425 

 1,261 

 164 

 1968 

 1982 

 29 years 

 0585 

 Great Barrington Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Great Barrington 

 MA 

 — 

 60 

 1,142 

 — 

 60 

 1,142 

 1,202 

 1,140 

 62 

 1967 

 1969 

 40 years 

 0327 

 Laurel Ridge Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Jamaica Plain 

 MA 

 — 

 194 

 1,617 

 — 

 194 

 1,617 

 1,811 

 1,324 

 487 

 1968 

 1989 

 30 years 

 0587 

 River Terrace Healthcare 

 Lancaster 

 MA 

 — 

 268 

 957 

 — 

 268 

 957 

 1,225 

 1,116 

 109 

 1969 

 1969 

 40 years 

 0529 

 Bolton Manor Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Marlborough 

 MA 

 — 

 222 

 2,431 

 — 

 222 

 2,431 

 2,653 

 2,051 

 602 

 1973 

 1984 

 34.5 years 

 0526 

 The Eliot Healthcare Center 

 Natick 

 MA 

 — 

 249 

 1,328 

 — 

 249 

 1,328 

 1,577 

 1,337 

 240 

 1996 

 1982 

 31 years 

 0513 

 Hallmark Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 New Bedford 

 MA 

 — 

 202 

 2,694 

 — 

 202 

 2,694 

 2,896 

 2,412 

 484 

 1968 

 1982 

 26 years 

 0503 

 Brigham Manor Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Newburyport 

 MA 

 — 

 126 

 1,708 

 — 

 126 

 1,708 

 1,834 

 1,563 

 271 

 1806 

 1982 

 27 years 

 0507 

 Country Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Newburyport 

 MA 

 — 

 199 

 3,004 

 — 

 199 

 3,004 

 3,203 

 2,696 

 507 

 1968 

 1982 

 27 years 

 0537 

 Quincy Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Quincy 

 MA 

 — 

 216 

 2,911 

 — 

 216 

 2,911 

 3,127 

 2,725 

 402 

 1965 

 1984 

 24 years 

 0542 

 Den-Mar Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Rockport 

 MA 

 — 

 23 

 1,560 

 — 

 23 

 1,560 

 1,583 

 1,452 

 131 

 1963 

 1985 

 30 years 

 0516 

 Hammersmith House Nursing Care Center 

 Saugus 

 MA 

 — 

 112 

 1,919 

 — 

 112 

 1,919 

 2,031 

 1,703 

 328 

 1965 

 1982 

 28 years 

 0573 

 Eagle Pond Rehabilitation and Living Center 

 South Dennis 

 MA 

 — 

 296 

 6,896 

 — 

 296 

 6,896 

 7,192 

 3,709 

 3,483 

 1985 

 1987 

 50 years 

 0501 

 Blue Hills Alzheimer’s Care Center 

 Stoughton 

 MA 

 — 

 511 

 1,026 

 — 

 511 

 1,026 

 1,537 

 1,378 

 159 

 1965 

 1982 

 28 years 

 0534 

 Country Gardens Skilled Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 Swansea 

 MA 

 — 

 415 

 2,675 

 — 

 415 

 2,675 

 3,090 

 2,441 

 649 

 1969 

 1984 

 27 years 

 0198 

 Harrington House Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Walpole 

 MA 

 — 

 4 

 4,444 

 — 

 4 

 4,444 

 4,448 

 2,185 

 2,263 

 1991 

 1991 

 45 years 

 142 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0517 

 Oakwood Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Webster 

 MA 

 — 

 102 

 1,154 

 — 

 102 

 1,154 

 1,256 

 1,152 

 104 

 1967 

 1982 

 31 years 

 0539 

 Newton and Wellesley Alzheimer Center 

 Wellesley 

 MA 

 — 

 297 

 3,250 

 — 

 297 

 3,250 

 3,547 

 2,750 

 797 

 1971 

 1984 

 30 years 

 0544 

 Augusta Rehabilitation Center 

 Augusta 

 ME 

 — 

 152 

 1,074 

 — 

 152 

 1,074 

 1,226 

 1,009 

 217 

 1968 

 1985 

 30 years 

 0545 

 Eastside Rehabilitation and Living Center 

 Bangor 

 ME 

 — 

 316 

 1,349 

 — 

 316 

 1,349 

 1,665 

 1,214 

 451 

 1967 

 1985 

 30 years 

 0554 

 Westgate Manor 

 Bangor 

 ME 

 — 

 287 

 2,718 

 — 

 287 

 2,718 

 3,005 

 2,388 

 617 

 1969 

 1985 

 31 years 

 0546 

 Winship Green Nursing Center 

 Bath 

 ME 

 — 

 110 

 1,455 

 — 

 110 

 1,455 

 1,565 

 1,200 

 365 

 1974 

 1985 

 35 years 

 0547 

 Brewer Rehabilitation and Living Center 

 Brewer 

 ME 

 — 

 228 

 2,737 

 — 

 228 

 2,737 

 2,965 

 2,143 

 822 

 1974 

 1985 

 33 years 

 0549 

 Kennebunk Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Kennebunk 

 ME 

 — 

 99 

 1,898 

 — 

 99 

 1,898 

 1,997 

 1,443 

 554 

 1977 

 1985 

 35 years 

 0550 

 Norway Rehabilitation & Living Center 

 Norway 

 ME 

 — 

 133 

 1,658 

 — 

 133 

 1,658 

 1,791 

 1,255 

 536 

 1972 

 1985 

 39 years 

 0555 

 Brentwood Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Yarmouth 

 ME 

 — 

 181 

 2,789 

 — 

 181 

 2,789 

 2,970 

 2,179 

 791 

 1945 

 1985 

 45 years 

 0433 

 Parkview Acres Care and Rehabilitation Center 

 Dillon 

 MT 

 — 

 207 

 2,578 

 — 

 207 

 2,578 

 2,785 

 1,820 

 965 

 1965 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0416 

 Park Place Health Care Center 

 Great Falls 

 MT 

 — 

 600 

 6,311 

 — 

 600 

 6,311 

 6,911 

 4,419 

 2,492 

 1963 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0806 

 Chapel Hill Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Chapel Hill 

 NC 

 — 

 347 

 3,029 

 — 

 347 

 3,029 

 3,376 

 2,200 

 1,176 

 1984 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0116 

 Pettigrew Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Durham 

 NC 

 — 

 101 

 2,889 

 — 

 101 

 2,889 

 2,990 

 2,128 

 862 

 1969 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0146 

 Rose Manor Healthcare Center 

 Durham 

 NC 

 — 

 200 

 3,527 

 — 

 200 

 3,527 

 3,727 

 2,902 

 825 

 1972 

 1991 

 26 years 

 0726 

 Guardian Care of Elizabeth City 

 Elizabeth City 

 NC 

 — 

 71 

 561 

 — 

 71 

 561 

 632 

 632 

 — 

 1977 

 1982 

 20 years 

 0724 

 Rehabilitation and Health Center of Gastonia 

 Gastonia 

 NC 

 — 

 158 

 2,359 

 — 

 158 

 2,359 

 2,517 

 1,727 

 790 

 1968 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0706 

 Guardian Care of Henderson 

 Henderson 

 NC 

 — 

 206 

 1,997 

 — 

 206 

 1,997 

 2,203 

 1,409 

 794 

 1957 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0711 

 Kinston Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Kinston 

 NC 

 — 

 186 

 3,038 

 — 

 186 

 3,038 

 3,224 

 2,056 

 1,168 

 1961 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0307 

 Lincoln Nursing Center 

 Lincolnton 

 NC 

 — 

 39 

 3,309 

 — 

 39 

 3,309 

 3,348 

 2,533 

 815 

 1976 

 1986 

 35 years 

 0707 

 Rehabilitation and Nursing Center of Monroe 

 Monroe 

 NC 

 — 

 185 

 2,654 

 — 

 185 

 2,654 

 2,839 

 1,975 

 864 

 1963 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0137 

 Sunnybrook Healthcare and Rehabilitation Specialists 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 — 

 187 

 3,409 

 — 

 187 

 3,409 

 3,596 

 2,933 

 663 

 1971 

 1991 

 25 years 

 143 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0143 

 Raleigh Rehabilitation & Healthcare Center 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 — 

 316 

 5,470 

 — 

 316 

 5,470 

 5,786 

 4,667 

 1,119 

 1969 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0704 

 Guardian Care of Roanoke Rapids 

 Roanoke Rapids 

 NC 

 — 

 339 

 4,132 

 — 

 339 

 4,132 

 4,471 

 3,456 

 1,015 

 1967 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0723 

 Guardian Care of Rocky Mount 

 Rocky Mount 

 NC 

 — 

 240 

 1,732 

 — 

 240 

 1,732 

 1,972 

 1,440 

 532 

 1975 

 1997 

 25 years 

 0188 

 Cypress Pointe Rehabilitation and Health Care Centre 

 Wilmington 

 NC 

 — 

 233 

 3,710 

 — 

 233 

 3,710 

 3,943 

 2,764 

 1,179 

 1966 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0191 

 Silas Creek Manor 

 Winston-Salem 

 NC 

 — 

 211 

 1,893 

 — 

 211 

 1,893 

 2,104 

 1,349 

 755 

 1966 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0713 

 Guardian Care of Zebulon 

 Zebulon 

 NC 

 — 

 179 

 1,933 

 — 

 179 

 1,933 

 2,112 

 1,368 

 744 

 1973 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0591 

 Dover Rehabilitation and Living Center 

 Dover 

 NH 

 — 

 355 

 3,797 

 — 

 355 

 3,797 

 4,152 

 3,533 

 619 

 1969 

 1990 

 25 years 

 0593 

 Hanover Terrace Healthcare 

 Hanover 

 NH 

 — 

 326 

 1,825 

 — 

 326 

 1,825 

 2,151 

 1,274 

 877 

 1969 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0592 

 Greenbriar Terrace Healthcare 

 Nashua 

 NH 

 — 

 776 

 6,011 

 — 

 776 

 6,011 

 6,787 

 5,135 

 1,652 

 1963 

 1990 

 25 years 

 0640 

 Las Vegas Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 454 

 1,018 

 — 

 454 

 1,018 

 1,472 

 607 

 865 

 1940 

 1992 

 30 years 

 0641 

 Torrey Pines Care Center 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 256 

 1,324 

 — 

 256 

 1,324 

 1,580 

 1,007 

 573 

 1971 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0634 

 Cambridge Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Cambridge 

 OH 

 — 

 108 

 2,642 

 — 

 108 

 2,642 

 2,750 

 2,094 

 656 

 1975 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0572 

 Winchester Place Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Canal Winchester 

 OH 

 — 

 454 

 7,149 

 — 

 454 

 7,149 

 7,603 

 5,563 

 2,040 

 1974 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0569 

 Chillicothe Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 Chillicothe 

 OH 

 — 

 128 

 3,481 

 — 

 128 

 3,481 

 3,609 

 2,837 

 772 

 1976 

 1985 

 34 years 

 0560 

 Franklin Woods Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 — 

 190 

 4,712 

 — 

 190 

 4,712 

 4,902 

 2,619 

 2,283 

 1986 

 1992 

 38 years 

 0577 

 Minerva Park Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 — 

 210 

 3,684 

 — 

 210 

 3,684 

 3,894 

 1,514 

 2,380 

 1973 

 1997 

 45 years 

 0635 

 Coshocton Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Coshocton 

 OH 

 — 

 203 

 1,979 

 — 

 203 

 1,979 

 2,182 

 1,554 

 628 

 1974 

 1993 

 25 years 

 0868 

 Lebanon Country Manor 

 Lebanon 

 OH 

 — 

 105 

 3,617 

 — 

 105 

 3,617 

 3,722 

 2,358 

 1,364 

 1984 

 1986 

 43 years 

 0571 

 Logan Health Care Center 

 Logan 

 OH 

 — 

 169 

 3,750 

 — 

 169 

 3,750 

 3,919 

 2,706 

 1,213 

 1979 

 1991 

 30 years 

 0570 

 Pickerington Nursing & Rehabilitation Center 

 Pickerington 

 OH 

 — 

 312 

 4,382 

 — 

 312 

 4,382 

 4,694 

 2,471 

 2,223 

 1984 

 1992 

 37 years 

 0453 

 Medford Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Medford 

 OR 

 — 

 362 

 4,610 

 — 

 362 

 4,610 

 4,972 

 3,310 

 1,662 

 1961 

 1991 

 34 years 

 0452 

 Sunnyside Care Center 

 Salem 

 OR 

 — 

 1,512 

 2,249 

 — 

 1,512 

 2,249 

 3,761 

 1,449 

 2,312 

 1981 

 1991 

 30 years 

 144 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1237 

 Wyomissing Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Reading 

 PA 

 — 

 61 

 5,095 

 — 

 61 

 5,095 

 5,156 

 2,140 

 3,016 

 1966 

 1993 

 45 years 

 1231 

 Oak Hill Nursing and Rehabilitation Center 

 Pawtucket 

 RI 

 — 

 91 

 6,724 

 — 

 91 

 6,724 

 6,815 

 2,862 

 3,953 

 1966 

 1990 

 45 years 

 0884 

 Masters Health Care Center 

 Algood 

 TN 

 — 

 524 

 4,370 

 — 

 524 

 4,370 

 4,894 

 3,124 

 1,770 

 1981 

 1987 

 38 years 

 0132 

 Madison Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Madison 

 TN 

 — 

 168 

 1,445 

 — 

 168 

 1,445 

 1,613 

 1,058 

 555 

 1968 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0822 

 Primacy Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 — 

 1,222 

 8,344 

 — 

 1,222 

 8,344 

 9,566 

 5,262 

 4,304 

 1980 

 1990 

 37 years 

 0140 

 Wasatch Care Center 

 Ogden 

 UT 

 — 

 373 

 597 

 — 

 373 

 597 

 970 

 596 

 374 

 1964 

 1990 

 25 years 

 0247 

 St. George Care and Rehabilitation Center 

 Saint George 

 UT 

 — 

 419 

 4,465 

 — 

 419 

 4,465 

 4,884 

 2,893 

 1,991 

 1976 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0655 

 Federal Heights Rehabilitation and Nursing Center 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 201 

 2,322 

 — 

 201 

 2,322 

 2,523 

 1,696 

 827 

 1962 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0230 

 Crosslands Rehabilitation & Healthcare Center 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 — 

 334 

 4,300 

 — 

 334 

 4,300 

 4,634 

 2,328 

 2,306 

 1987 

 1992 

 40 years 

 0826 

 Harbour Pointe Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Norfolk 

 VA 

 — 

 427 

 4,441 

 — 

 427 

 4,441 

 4,868 

 3,188 

 1,680 

 1969 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0825 

 Nansemond Pointe Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Suffolk 

 VA 

 — 

 534 

 6,990 

 — 

 534 

 6,990 

 7,524 

 4,702 

 2,822 

 1963 

 1991 

 32 years 

 0829 

 River Pointe Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 — 

 770 

 4,440 

 — 

 770 

 4,440 

 5,210 

 3,878 

 1,332 

 1953 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0842 

 Bay Pointe Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 — 

 805 

 2,886 

 (380 

 ) 

 425 

 2,886 

 3,311 

 1,989 

 1,322 

 1971 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0559 

 Birchwood Terrace Healthcare 

 Burlington 

 VT 

 — 

 15 

 4,656 

 — 

 15 

 4,656 

 4,671 

 4,127 

 544 

 1965 

 1990 

 27 years 

 0158 

 Bellingham Health Care and Rehabilitation Services 

 Bellingham 

 WA 

 — 

 441 

 3,824 

 — 

 441 

 3,824 

 4,265 

 2,711 

 1,554 

 1972 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0168 

 Lakewood Healthcare Center 

 Lakewood 

 WA 

 — 

 504 

 3,511 

 — 

 504 

 3,511 

 4,015 

 2,062 

 1,953 

 1989 

 1989 

 45 years 

 0127 

 Northwest Continuum Care Center 

 Longview 

 WA 

 — 

 145 

 2,563 

 — 

 145 

 2,563 

 2,708 

 1,847 

 861 

 1955 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0165 

 Rainier Vista Care Center 

 Puyallup 

 WA 

 — 

 520 

 4,780 

 — 

 520 

 4,780 

 5,300 

 2,547 

 2,753 

 1986 

 1991 

 40 years 

 0114 

 Arden Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 1,111 

 4,013 

 — 

 1,111 

 4,013 

 5,124 

 2,827 

 2,297 

 1950 

 1993 

 28.5 years 

 0462 

 Queen Anne Healthcare 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 570 

 2,750 

 — 

 570 

 2,750 

 3,320 

 2,016 

 1,304 

 1970 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0180 

 Vancouver Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 449 

 2,964 

 — 

 449 

 2,964 

 3,413 

 2,145 

 1,268 

 1970 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0765 

 Eastview Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Antigo 

 WI 

 — 

 200 

 4,047 

 — 

 200 

 4,047 

 4,247 

 3,384 

 863 

 1962 

 1991 

 28 years 

 145 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 0767 

 Colony Oaks Care Center 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 353 

 3,571 

 — 

 353 

 3,571 

 3,924 

 2,749 

 1,175 

 1967 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0773 

 Mount Carmel Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Burlington 

 WI 

 — 

 274 

 7,205 

 — 

 274 

 7,205 

 7,479 

 4,649 

 2,830 

 1971 

 1991 

 30 years 

 0289 

 San Luis Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Green Bay 

 WI 

 — 

 259 

 5,299 

 — 

 259 

 5,299 

 5,558 

 4,287 

 1,271 

 1968 

 1996 

 25 years 

 0775 

 Sheridan Medical Complex 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 — 

 282 

 4,910 

 — 

 282 

 4,910 

 5,192 

 4,145 

 1,047 

 1964 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0776 

 Woodstock Health and Rehabilitation Center 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 — 

 562 

 7,424 

 — 

 562 

 7,424 

 7,986 

 6,476 

 1,510 

 1970 

 1991 

 25 years 

 0769 

 North Ridge Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Manitowoc 

 WI 

 — 

 206 

 3,785 

 — 

 206 

 3,785 

 3,991 

 2,799 

 1,192 

 1964 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0774 

 Mt. Carmel Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 — 

 2,678 

 25,867 

 — 

 2,678 

 25,867 

 28,545 

 20,276 

 8,269 

 1958 

 1991 

 30 years 

 0770 

 Vallhaven Care Center 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 337 

 5,125 

 — 

 337 

 5,125 

 5,462 

 3,793 

 1,669 

 1966 

 1993 

 28 years 

 0771 

 Kennedy Park Medical & Rehabilitation Center 

 Schofield 

 WI 

 — 

 301 

 3,596 

 — 

 301 

 3,596 

 3,897 

 3,618 

 279 

 1966 

 1982 

 29 years 

 0766 

 Colonial Manor Medical and Rehabilitation Center 

 Wausau 

 WI 

 — 

 169 

 3,370 

 — 

 169 

 3,370 

 3,539 

 2,213 

 1,326 

 1964 

 1995 

 30 years 

 0441 

 Mountain Towers Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Cheyenne 

 WY 

 — 

 342 

 3,468 

 — 

 342 

 3,468 

 3,810 

 2,376 

 1,434 

 1964 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0481 

 South Central Wyoming Healthcare and Rehabilitation 

 Rawlins 

 WY 

 — 

 151 

 1,738 

 — 

 151 

 1,738 

 1,889 

 1,214 

 675 

 1955 

 1993 

 29 years 

 0482 

 Wind River Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center 

 Riverton 

 WY 

 — 

 179 

 1,559 

 — 

 179 

 1,559 

 1,738 

 1,073 

 665 

 1967 

 1992 

 29 years 

 0483 

 Sage View Care Center 

 Rock Springs 

 WY 

 — 

 287 

 2,392 

 — 

 287 

 2,392 

 2,679 

 1,692 

 987 

 1964 

 1993 

 30 years 

 TOTAL KINDRED SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES 

 — 

 50,560 

 541,668 

 (380 

 ) 

 50,180 

 541,668 

 591,848 

 398,779 

 193,069 

 146 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 NON-KINDRED SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES 

 7562 

 Saline Nursing Center 

 Benton 

 AR 

 — 

 650 

 13,540 

 18 

 650 

 13,558 

 14,208 

 676 

 13,532 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7565 

 Regional Nursing Center 

 Bryant 

 AR 

 — 

 480 

 12,455 

 — 

 480 

 12,455 

 12,935 

 626 

 12,309 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3786 

 Beverly Health Care Golflinks 

 Hot Springs 

 AR 

 — 

 500 

 11,311 

 — 

 500 

 11,311 

 11,811 

 594 

 11,217 

 1978 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7566 

 Lakewood Rehab Center 

 Lake Village 

 AR 

 — 

 560 

 8,594 

 23 

 560 

 8,617 

 9,177 

 457 

 8,720 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7560 

 Countrywood Estates 

 Monticello 

 AR 

 — 

 260 

 9,542 

 — 

 260 

 9,542 

 9,802 

 476 

 9,326 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7561 

 Riverview Manor 

 Morrilton 

 AR 

 — 

 240 

 9,476 

 — 

 240 

 9,476 

 9,716 

 476 

 9,240 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7564 

 Brookridge Life Care & Rehab 

 Morrilton 

 AR 

 — 

 410 

 11,069 

 4 

 410 

 11,073 

 11,483 

 567 

 10,916 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7563 

 Wynwood Nursing Center 

 Wynne 

 AR 

 — 

 290 

 10,763 

 1 

 290 

 10,764 

 11,054 

 536 

 10,518 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3765 

 Chowchilla Convalescent Center 

 Chowchilla 

 CA 

 — 

 1,780 

 5,097 

 — 

 1,780 

 5,097 

 6,877 

 272 

 6,605 

 1965 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7140 

 Driftwood Gilroy 

 Gilroy 

 CA 

 — 

 3,330 

 13,665 

 — 

 3,330 

 13,665 

 16,995 

 702 

 16,293 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7390 

 Orange Hills Convalescent Hospital 

 Orange 

 CA 

 — 

 960 

 20,968 

 — 

 960 

 20,968 

 21,928 

 1,015 

 20,913 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7541 

 Park Place Health Center 

 Hartford 

 CT 

 — 

 1,370 

 2,908 

 — 

 1,370 

 2,908 

 4,278 

 264 

 4,014 

 1969 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7542 

 Spectrum Healthcare Torrington 

 Torrington 

 CT 

 — 

 1,770 

 2,716 

 420 

 1,770 

 3,136 

 4,906 

 323 

 4,583 

 1969 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3779 

 Beverly Health—Ft. Pierce 

 Ft. Pierce 

 FL 

 — 

 840 

 16,318 

 — 

 840 

 16,318 

 17,158 

 831 

 16,327 

 1960 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7551 

 Willowwood Health & Rehab Center 

 Flowery Branch 

 GA 

 — 

 1,130 

 9,219 

 — 

 1,130 

 9,219 

 10,349 

 471 

 9,878 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2437 

 Westbury 

 Lisle 

 IL 

 — 

 730 

 9,270 

 — 

 730 

 9,270 

 10,000 

 1,475 

 8,525 

 1990 

 2009 

 35 years 

 1568 

 Rolling Hills 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 — 

 1,600 

 6,710 

 — 

 1,600 

 6,710 

 8,310 

 370 

 7,940 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1554 

 Chalet Village 

 Berne 

 IN 

 — 

 590 

 1,654 

 — 

 590 

 1,654 

 2,244 

 137 

 2,107 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1565 

 Vermillion Convalescent Center 

 Clinton 

 IN 

 — 

 700 

 11,057 

 — 

 700 

 11,057 

 11,757 

 569 

 11,188 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1560 

 Willow Crossing 

 Columbus 

 IN 

 — 

 880 

 4,963 

 — 

 880 

 4,963 

 5,843 

 288 

 5,555 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1555 

 Willowbend Nursing Center 

 East Muncie 

 IN 

 — 

 1,080 

 4,026 

 — 

 1,080 

 4,026 

 5,106 

 225 

 4,881 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1567 

 Greenhill Manor 

 Fowler 

 IN 

 — 

 380 

 7,659 

 — 

 380 

 7,659 

 8,039 

 384 

 7,655 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1556 

 Twin City Healthcare 

 Gas City 

 IN 

 — 

 350 

 3,012 

 — 

 350 

 3,012 

 3,362 

 185 

 3,177 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1566 

 Hanover 

 Hanover 

 IN 

 — 

 1,070 

 3,903 

 — 

 1,070 

 3,903 

 4,973 

 275 

 4,698 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1561 

 AmeriCare of Hartford City 

 Hartford City 

 IN 

 — 

 470 

 1,855 

 — 

 470 

 1,855 

 2,325 

 144 

 2,181 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 147 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1562 

 Oakbrook Village 

 Huntington 

 IN 

 — 

 600 

 1,950 

 — 

 600 

 1,950 

 2,550 

 130 

 2,420 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1552 

 Lakeview Manor 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 2,780 

 7,927 

 — 

 2,780 

 7,927 

 10,707 

 484 

 10,223 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1569 

 Wintersong 

 Knox 

 IN 

 — 

 420 

 2,019 

 — 

 420 

 2,019 

 2,439 

 125 

 2,314 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1571 

 Magnolia Woodland 

 Lawrenceburg 

 IN 

 — 

 340 

 3,757 

 — 

 340 

 3,757 

 4,097 

 245 

 3,852 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1570 

 Monticello 

 Monticello 

 IN 

 — 

 460 

 8,461 

 — 

 460 

 8,461 

 8,921 

 429 

 8,492 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1557 

 Liberty Village 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 — 

 1,520 

 7,542 

 — 

 1,520 

 7,542 

 9,062 

 399 

 8,663 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3767 

 Petersburg Health Care Center 

 Petersburg 

 IN 

 — 

 310 

 8,443 

 — 

 310 

 8,443 

 8,753 

 439 

 8,314 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1563 

 AmeriCare of Portland 

 Portland 

 IN 

 — 

 400 

 9,597 

 — 

 400 

 9,597 

 9,997 

 498 

 9,499 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3766 

 Oakridge Convalescent Center 

 Richmond 

 IN 

 — 

 640 

 11,128 

 — 

 640 

 11,128 

 11,768 

 581 

 11,187 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1553 

 Westridge Healthcare Center 

 Terre Haute 

 IN 

 — 

 690 

 5,384 

 — 

 690 

 5,384 

 6,074 

 289 

 5,785 

 1965 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1572 

 Magnolia Washington 

 Washington 

 IN 

 — 

 220 

 10,054 

 — 

 220 

 10,054 

 10,274 

 531 

 9,743 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1558 

 Americare of Winchester 

 Winchester 

 IN 

 — 

 730 

 6,039 

 — 

 730 

 6,039 

 6,769 

 309 

 6,460 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7343 

 Belleville Health Care Center 

 Belleville 

 KS 

 — 

 590 

 4,170 

 — 

 590 

 4,170 

 4,760 

 239 

 4,521 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7347 

 Oak Ridge Acres 

 Hiawatha 

 KS 

 — 

 350 

 590 

 — 

 350 

 590 

 940 

 62 

 878 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7350 

 Smokey Hill Rehab Center 

 Salina 

 KS 

 — 

 360 

 3,705 

 — 

 360 

 3,705 

 4,065 

 246 

 3,819 

 1981 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7348 

 Westwood Manor 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 — 

 250 

 3,735 

 — 

 250 

 3,735 

 3,985 

 208 

 3,777 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7152 

 Infinia at Wichita 

 Wichita 

 KS 

 — 

 350 

 13,065 

 — 

 350 

 13,065 

 13,415 

 633 

 12,782 

 1965 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3835 

 Jackson Manor 

 Annville 

 KY 

 — 

 131 

 4,442 

 — 

 131 

 4,442 

 4,573 

 783 

 3,790 

 1989 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3830 

 Colonial Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Bardstown 

 KY 

 — 

 38 

 2,829 

 — 

 38 

 2,829 

 2,867 

 498 

 2,369 

 1968 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3832 

 Green Valley Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Carrollton 

 KY 

 — 

 29 

 2,325 

 — 

 29 

 2,325 

 2,354 

 410 

 1,944 

 1978 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3845 

 Summit Manor Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Columbia 

 KY 

 — 

 38 

 12,510 

 — 

 38 

 12,510 

 12,548 

 2,204 

 10,344 

 1965 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3831 

 Glasgow Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Glasgow 

 KY 

 — 

 21 

 2,997 

 — 

 21 

 2,997 

 3,018 

 528 

 2,490 

 1968 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3841 

 Professional Care Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Hartford 

 KY 

 — 

 22 

 7,905 

 — 

 22 

 7,905 

 7,927 

 1,393 

 6,534 

 1967 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3833 

 Hart County Health Center 

 Horse Cave 

 KY 

 — 

 68 

 6,059 

 — 

 68 

 6,059 

 6,127 

 1,068 

 5,059 

 1993 

 2006 

 35 years 

 148 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3834 

 Heritage Hall Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Lawrenceburg 

 KY 

 — 

 38 

 3,920 

 — 

 38 

 3,920 

 3,958 

 691 

 3,267 

 1973 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3844 

 Tanbark Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Lexington 

 KY 

 — 

 868 

 6,061 

 — 

 868 

 6,061 

 6,929 

 1,068 

 5,861 

 1989 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3836 

 Jefferson Manor 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 2,169 

 4,075 

 — 

 2,169 

 4,075 

 6,244 

 718 

 5,526 

 1982 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3837 

 Jefferson Place 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 1,307 

 9,175 

 — 

 1,307 

 9,175 

 10,482 

 1,617 

 8,865 

 1991 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3838 

 Meadowview Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 317 

 4,666 

 — 

 317 

 4,666 

 4,983 

 822 

 4,161 

 1973 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3842 

 Rockford Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 364 

 9,568 

 — 

 364 

 9,568 

 9,932 

 1,686 

 8,246 

 1975 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3843 

 Summerfield Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 1,089 

 10,756 

 — 

 1,089 

 10,756 

 11,845 

 1,895 

 9,950 

 1979 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3829 

 McCreary Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Pine Knot 

 KY 

 — 

 73 

 2,443 

 — 

 73 

 2,443 

 2,516 

 430 

 2,086 

 1990 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3840 

 North Hardin Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Radcliff 

 KY 

 — 

 218 

 11,944 

 — 

 218 

 11,944 

 12,162 

 2,104 

 10,058 

 1986 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3839 

 Monroe Health & Rehabilitation Center 

 Tompkinsville 

 KY 

 — 

 32 

 8,756 

 — 

 32 

 8,756 

 8,788 

 1,543 

 7,245 

 1969 

 2006 

 35 years 

 1730 

 Wingate at Andover 

 Andover 

 MA 

 — 

 1,450 

 14,798 

 — 

 1,450 

 14,798 

 16,248 

 773 

 15,475 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1731 

 Wingate at Brighton 

 Brighton 

 MA 

 — 

 1,070 

 7,383 

 — 

 1,070 

 7,383 

 8,453 

 440 

 8,013 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1745 

 Chestnut Hill Rehab & Nursing 

 East Longmeadow 

 MA 

 — 

 3,050 

 5,392 

 — 

 3,050 

 5,392 

 8,442 

 345 

 8,097 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1747 

 Wingate at Haverhill 

 Haverville 

 MA 

 — 

 810 

 9,288 

 — 

 810 

 9,288 

 10,098 

 531 

 9,567 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1737 

 Skilled Care Center at Silver Lake 

 Kingston 

 MA 

 — 

 3,230 

 19,870 

 — 

 3,230 

 19,870 

 23,100 

 1,118 

 21,982 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1739 

 Wentworth Skilled Care Center 

 Lowell 

 MA 

 — 

 820 

 11,220 

 — 

 820 

 11,220 

 12,040 

 579 

 11,461 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1732 

 Wingate at Needham 

 Needham 

 MA 

 — 

 920 

 9,236 

 — 

 920 

 9,236 

 10,156 

 528 

 9,628 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1733 

 Wingate at Reading 

 Reading 

 MA 

 — 

 920 

 7,499 

 — 

 920 

 7,499 

 8,419 

 436 

 7,983 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1736 

 Wingate at South Hadley 

 South Hadley 

 MA 

 — 

 1,870 

 15,572 

 — 

 1,870 

 15,572 

 17,442 

 799 

 16,643 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1746 

 Ring East 

 Springfield 

 MA 

 — 

 1,250 

 13,561 

 — 

 1,250 

 13,561 

 14,811 

 727 

 14,084 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1734 

 Wingate at Sudbury 

 Sudbury 

 MA 

 — 

 1,540 

 8,100 

 — 

 1,540 

 8,100 

 9,640 

 495 

 9,145 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1744 

 Riverdale Gardens Rehab & Nursing 

 West Springfield 

 MA 

 — 

 2,140 

 6,997 

 107 

 2,140 

 7,104 

 9,244 

 477 

 8,767 

 1960 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1735 

 Wingate at Wilbraham 

 Wilbraham 

 MA 

 — 

 4,070 

 10,777 

 — 

 4,070 

 10,777 

 14,847 

 605 

 14,242 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 149 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1740 

 Worcester Skilled Care Center 

 Worcester 

 MA 

 — 

 620 

 10,958 

 — 

 620 

 10,958 

 11,578 

 619 

 10,959 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3774 

 Cumberland Villa Nursing Center 

 Cumberland 

 MD 

 — 

 660 

 23,970 

 — 

 660 

 23,970 

 24,630 

 1,143 

 23,487 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3773 

 Colton Villa 

 Hagerstown 

 MD 

 — 

 1,550 

 16,973 

 — 

 1,550 

 16,973 

 18,523 

 862 

 17,661 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3775 

 Westminster Nursing & Convalescent Center 

 Westminster 

 MD 

 — 

 2,160 

 15,931 

 — 

 2,160 

 15,931 

 18,091 

 808 

 17,283 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7586 

 Autumn Woods Residential Health Care Facility 

 Warren 

 MI 

 — 

 1,495 

 26,015 

 — 

 1,495 

 26,015 

 27,510 

 255 

 27,255 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 7160 

 Waters of Park Point 

 Duluth 

 MN 

 — 

 2,920 

 8,271 

 (2,333 

 ) 

 2,920 

 5,938 

 8,858 

 423 

 8,435 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3784 

 Hopkins Healthcare 

 Hopkins 

 MN 

 — 

 4,470 

 21,409 

 — 

 4,470 

 21,409 

 25,879 

 1,047 

 24,832 

 1961 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7005 

 Andrew Care Home 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 — 

 3,280 

 5,083 

 — 

 3,280 

 5,083 

 8,363 

 447 

 7,916 

 1941 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3764 

 Golden Living Center—Rochester East 

 Rochester 

 MN 

 — 

 639 

 3,497 

 — 

 639 

 3,497 

 4,136 

 3,554 

 582 

 1967 

 1982 

 28 years 

 7250 

 Ashland Healthcare 

 Ashland 

 MO 

 — 

 770 

 4,400 

 — 

 770 

 4,400 

 5,170 

 238 

 4,932 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7257 

 South Hampton Place 

 Columbia 

 MO 

 — 

 710 

 11,279 

 — 

 710 

 11,279 

 11,989 

 566 

 11,423 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7253 

 Dixon Nursing & Rehab 

 Dixon 

 MO 

 — 

 570 

 3,342 

 — 

 570 

 3,342 

 3,912 

 192 

 3,720 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7252 

 Current River Nursing 

 Doniphan 

 MO 

 — 

 450 

 7,703 

 — 

 450 

 7,703 

 8,153 

 425 

 7,728 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7254 

 Forsyth Care Center 

 Forsyth 

 MO 

 — 

 710 

 6,731 

 — 

 710 

 6,731 

 7,441 

 387 

 7,054 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3785 

 Maryville Health Care Center 

 Maryville 

 MO 

 — 

 630 

 5,825 

 — 

 630 

 5,825 

 6,455 

 339 

 6,116 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7255 

 Glenwood Healthcare 

 Seymour 

 MO 

 — 

 670 

 3,737 

 — 

 670 

 3,737 

 4,407 

 209 

 4,198 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7256 

 Silex Community Care 

 Silex 

 MO 

 — 

 730 

 2,689 

 — 

 730 

 2,689 

 3,419 

 166 

 3,253 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7251 

 Bellefontaine Gardens 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 1,610 

 4,314 

 — 

 1,610 

 4,314 

 5,924 

 271 

 5,653 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2227 

 Gravios Nursing Center 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 1,560 

 10,582 

 — 

 1,560 

 10,582 

 12,142 

 598 

 11,544 

 1954 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7258 

 Strafford Care Center 

 Strafford 

 MO 

 — 

 1,670 

 8,251 

 — 

 1,670 

 8,251 

 9,921 

 420 

 9,501 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7259 

 Windsor Healthcare 

 Windsor 

 MO 

 — 

 510 

 3,345 

 — 

 510 

 3,345 

 3,855 

 192 

 3,663 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3770 

 Lakewood Manor 

 Hendersonville 

 NC 

 — 

 1,610 

 7,759 

 — 

 1,610 

 7,759 

 9,369 

 445 

 8,924 

 1979 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2505 

 Lopatcong Center 

 Phillipsburg 

 NJ 

 — 

 1,490 

 12,336 

 — 

 1,490 

 12,336 

 13,826 

 4,071 

 9,755 

 1982 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2226 

 Hearthstone of Northern Nevada 

 Sparks 

 NV 

 — 

 1,400 

 9,365 

 — 

 1,400 

 9,365 

 10,765 

 518 

 10,247 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1742 

 Wingate at St. Francis 

 Beacon 

 NY 

 — 

 1,900 

 18,115 

 — 

 1,900 

 18,115 

 20,015 

 932 

 19,083 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7583 

 Garden Gate 

 Cheektowaga 

 NY 

 — 

 760 

 15,643 

 30 

 760 

 15,673 

 16,433 

 826 

 15,607 

 1979 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7581 

 Brookhaven 

 East Patchogue 

 NY 

 — 

 1,100 

 25,840 

 30 

 1,100 

 25,870 

 26,970 

 1,239 

 25,731 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 150 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1741 

 Wingate at Dutchess 

 Fishkill 

 NY 

 — 

 1,300 

 19,685 

 — 

 1,300 

 19,685 

 20,985 

 1,002 

 19,983 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7580 

 Autumn View 

 Hamburg 

 NY 

 — 

 1,190 

 24,687 

 34 

 1,190 

 24,721 

 25,911 

 1,241 

 24,670 

 1983 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1743 

 Wingate at Ulster 

 Highland 

 NY 

 — 

 1,500 

 18,223 

 — 

 1,500 

 18,223 

 19,723 

 893 

 18,830 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7584 

 North Gate 

 North Tonawanda 

 NY 

 — 

 1,010 

 14,801 

 40 

 1,010 

 14,841 

 15,851 

 799 

 15,052 

 1982 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7585 

 Seneca 

 West Seneca 

 NY 

 — 

 1,400 

 13,491 

 5 

 1,400 

 13,496 

 14,896 

 708 

 14,188 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7582 

 Harris Hill 

 Williamsville 

 NY 

 — 

 1,240 

 33,574 

 33 

 1,240 

 33,607 

 34,847 

 1,603 

 33,244 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2702 

 Burlington House 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 — 

 918 

 5,087 

 — 

 918 

 5,087 

 6,005 

 1,478 

 4,527 

 1989 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2701 

 Regency Manor 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 — 

 606 

 16,424 

 — 

 606 

 16,424 

 17,030 

 10,391 

 6,639 

 1883 

 2004 

 35 years 

 7451 

 Rosewood Manor (OH) 

 Galion 

 OH 

 — 

 540 

 6,324 

 (1,872 

 ) 

 540 

 4,452 

 4,992 

 262 

 4,730 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3920 

 Marietta Convalescent Center 

 Marietta 

 OH 

 — 

 158 

 3,266 

 75 

 158 

 3,341 

 3,499 

 2,637 

 862 

 1972 

 1993 

 25 years 

 7453 

 Horizon Village (Gillette’s) 

 Warren 

 OH 

 — 

 1,100 

 8,196 

 (3,790 

 ) 

 1,100 

 4,406 

 5,506 

 3,174 

 2,332 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7452 

 Whispering Pines Healthcare Center 

 Washington Ct House 

 OH 

 — 

 490 

 13,460 

 (1,700 

 ) 

 490 

 11,760 

 12,250 

 583 

 11,667 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7450 

 Boardman Comm CC Little Forest 

 Youngstown 

 OH 

 — 

 380 

 5,960 

 (3,698 

 ) 

 380 

 2,262 

 2,642 

 271 

 2,371 

 1962 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7443 

 Willow Park Health Care Center 

 Lawton 

 OK 

 — 

 300 

 12,164 

 — 

 300 

 12,164 

 12,464 

 626 

 11,838 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7440 

 Temple Manor Nursing Home 

 Temple 

 OK 

 — 

 300 

 1,779 

 — 

 300 

 1,779 

 2,079 

 115 

 1,964 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7441 

 Tuttle Care Center 

 Tuttle 

 OK 

 — 

 150 

 1,377 

 — 

 150 

 1,377 

 1,527 

 100 

 1,427 

 1960 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1510 

 Avamere Rehab of Coos Bay 

 Coos Bay 

 OR 

 — 

 1,920 

 3,394 

 — 

 1,920 

 3,394 

 5,314 

 199 

 5,115 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1502 

 Avamere Riverpark of Eugene 

 Eugene 

 OR 

 — 

 1,960 

 17,622 

 — 

 1,960 

 17,622 

 19,582 

 862 

 18,720 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1509 

 Avamere Rehab of Eugene 

 Eugene 

 OR 

 — 

 1,080 

 7,257 

 — 

 1,080 

 7,257 

 8,337 

 388 

 7,949 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1513 

 Avamere Rehab of Clackamas 

 Gladstone 

 OR 

 — 

 820 

 3,844 

 — 

 820 

 3,844 

 4,664 

 217 

 4,447 

 1961 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1507 

 Avamere Rehab of Hillsboro 

 Hillsboro 

 OR 

 — 

 1,390 

 8,628 

 — 

 1,390 

 8,628 

 10,018 

 453 

 9,565 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1508 

 Avamere Rehab of Junction City 

 Junction City 

 OR 

 — 

 590 

 5,583 

 — 

 590 

 5,583 

 6,173 

 288 

 5,885 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1506 

 Avamere Rehab of King City 

 King City 

 OR 

 — 

 1,290 

 10,646 

 — 

 1,290 

 10,646 

 11,936 

 535 

 11,401 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1504 

 Avamere Rehab of Lebanon 

 Lebanon 

 OR 

 — 

 980 

 12,954 

 — 

 980 

 12,954 

 13,934 

 630 

 13,304 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1528 

 Newport Rehabilitation & Specialty Care Center 

 Newport 

 OR 

 — 

 380 

 3,420 

 364 

 380 

 3,784 

 4,164 

 165 

 3,999 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1529 

 Mountain View 

 Oregon City 

 OR 

 — 

 1,056 

 6,831 

 — 

 1,056 

 6,831 

 7,887 

 112 

 7,775 

 1977 

 2012 

 35 years 

 1505 

 Avamere Crestview of Portland 

 Portland 

 OR 

 — 

 1,610 

 13,942 

 — 

 1,610 

 13,942 

 15,552 

 691 

 14,861 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 151 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1511 

 Avamere Twin Oaks of Sweet Home 

 Sweet Home 

 OR 

 — 

 290 

 4,536 

 — 

 290 

 4,536 

 4,826 

 232 

 4,594 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3852 

 Balanced Care at Bloomsburg 

 Bloomsburg 

 PA 

 — 

 621 

 1,371 

 — 

 621 

 1,371 

 1,992 

 242 

 1,750 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2507 

 The Belvedere 

 Chester 

 PA 

 — 

 822 

 7,203 

 — 

 822 

 7,203 

 8,025 

 2,364 

 5,661 

 1899 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2228 

 Mountain View Nursing Home 

 Greensburg 

 PA 

 — 

 580 

 12,817 

 — 

 580 

 12,817 

 13,397 

 670 

 12,727 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2509 

 Pennsburg Manor 

 Pennsburg 

 PA 

 — 

 1,091 

 7,871 

 — 

 1,091 

 7,871 

 8,962 

 2,651 

 6,311 

 1982 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2508 

 Chapel Manor 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 — 

 1,595 

 13,982 

 1,358 

 1,595 

 15,340 

 16,935 

 4,729 

 12,206 

 1948 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2506 

 Wayne Center 

 Wayne 

 PA 

 — 

 662 

 6,872 

 850 

 662 

 7,722 

 8,384 

 2,514 

 5,870 

 1875 

 2004 

 30 years 

 7176 

 Epic- Bayview 

 Beaufort 

 SC 

 — 

 890 

 14,311 

 — 

 890 

 14,311 

 15,201 

 760 

 14,441 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7170 

 Dundee Nursing Home 

 Bennettsville 

 SC 

 — 

 320 

 8,693 

 — 

 320 

 8,693 

 9,013 

 461 

 8,552 

 1958 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7175 

 Epic-Conway 

 Conway 

 SC 

 — 

 1,090 

 16,880 

 — 

 1,090 

 16,880 

 17,970 

 875 

 17,095 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7171 

 Mt. Pleasant Nursing Center 

 Mt. Pleasant 

 SC 

 — 

 1,810 

 9,079 

 — 

 1,810 

 9,079 

 10,889 

 496 

 10,393 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7380 

 Firesteel 

 Mitchell 

 SD 

 — 

 690 

 15,360 

 — 

 690 

 15,360 

 16,050 

 782 

 15,268 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7381 

 Fountain Springs Healthcare Center 

 Rapid City 

 SD 

 — 

 940 

 28,647 

 — 

 940 

 28,647 

 29,587 

 1,319 

 28,268 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7550 

 Brookewood Health Care Center 

 Decatur 

 TN 

 — 

 470 

 4,617 

 — 

 470 

 4,617 

 5,087 

 268 

 4,819 

 1981 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7172 

 Tri-State Comp Care Center 

 Harrogate 

 TN 

 — 

 1,520 

 11,515 

 — 

 1,520 

 11,515 

 13,035 

 585 

 12,450 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1661 

 Green Acres—Baytown 

 Baytown 

 TX 

 — 

 490 

 9,104 

 — 

 490 

 9,104 

 9,594 

 459 

 9,135 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1662 

 Allenbrook Healthcare 

 Baytown 

 TX 

 — 

 470 

 11,304 

 — 

 470 

 11,304 

 11,774 

 577 

 11,197 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7603 

 Summer Place Nursing and Rehab 

 Beaumont 

 TX 

 — 

 1,160 

 15,934 

 — 

 1,160 

 15,934 

 17,094 

 802 

 16,292 

 2009 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1664 

 Green Acres—Center 

 Center 

 TX 

 — 

 200 

 5,446 

 — 

 200 

 5,446 

 5,646 

 306 

 5,340 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1676 

 Regency Nursing Home 

 Clarksville 

 TX 

 — 

 380 

 8,711 

 — 

 380 

 8,711 

 9,091 

 468 

 8,623 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7270 

 Park Manor—Conroe 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 — 

 1,310 

 22,318 

 — 

 1,310 

 22,318 

 23,628 

 1,056 

 22,572 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7601 

 Trisun Care Center Westwood 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 440 

 8,624 

 — 

 440 

 8,624 

 9,064 

 445 

 8,619 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7602 

 Trisun Care Center River Ridge 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 890 

 7,695 

 — 

 890 

 7,695 

 8,585 

 423 

 8,162 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7606 

 Heritage Oaks West 

 Corsicana 

 TX 

 — 

 510 

 15,806 

 — 

 510 

 15,806 

 16,316 

 792 

 15,524 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7531 

 Park Manor 

 DeSoto 

 TX 

 — 

 1,080 

 14,484 

 — 

 1,080 

 14,484 

 15,564 

 744 

 14,820 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 152 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 7510 

 Hill Country Care 

 Dripping Springs 

 TX 

 — 

 740 

 3,973 

 — 

 740 

 3,973 

 4,713 

 222 

 4,491 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7609 

 Sandstone Ranch 

 El Paso 

 TX 

 — 

 1,580 

 8,396 

 — 

 1,580 

 8,396 

 9,976 

 639 

 9,337 

 2010 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7511 

 Pecan Tree Rehab & Healthcare 

 Gainesville 

 TX 

 — 

 430 

 11,499 

 — 

 430 

 11,499 

 11,929 

 591 

 11,338 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1679 

 Pleasant Valley Health & Rehab 

 Garland 

 TX 

 — 

 1,040 

 9,383 

 — 

 1,040 

 9,383 

 10,423 

 513 

 9,910 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1674 

 Upshur Manor 

 Gilmer 

 TX 

 — 

 770 

 8,126 

 — 

 770 

 8,126 

 8,896 

 437 

 8,459 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1667 

 Beechnut Manor 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,080 

 12,030 

 — 

 1,080 

 12,030 

 13,110 

 632 

 12,478 

 1982 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7271 

 Park Manor—Cypress Station 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,450 

 19,542 

 — 

 1,450 

 19,542 

 20,992 

 941 

 20,051 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7274 

 Park Manor of Westchase 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 2,760 

 16,715 

 — 

 2,760 

 16,715 

 19,475 

 822 

 18,653 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7275 

 Park Manor—Cyfair 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,720 

 14,717 

 — 

 1,720 

 14,717 

 16,437 

 727 

 15,710 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1666 

 Green Acres—Humble 

 Humble 

 TX 

 — 

 2,060 

 6,738 

 — 

 2,060 

 6,738 

 8,798 

 386 

 8,412 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7272 

 Park Manor—Humble 

 Humble 

 TX 

 — 

 1,650 

 17,257 

 — 

 1,650 

 17,257 

 18,907 

 843 

 18,064 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1663 

 Green Acres—Huntsville 

 Huntsville 

 TX 

 — 

 290 

 2,568 

 — 

 290 

 2,568 

 2,858 

 178 

 2,680 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7512 

 Legend Oaks Healthcare 

 Jacksonville 

 TX 

 — 

 760 

 9,639 

 — 

 760 

 9,639 

 10,399 

 507 

 9,892 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7534 

 Avalon Kirbyville 

 Kirbyville 

 TX 

 — 

 260 

 7,713 

 — 

 260 

 7,713 

 7,973 

 420 

 7,553 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1678 

 Millbrook Healthcare 

 Lancaster 

 TX 

 — 

 750 

 7,480 

 — 

 750 

 7,480 

 8,230 

 433 

 7,797 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1668 

 Nexion Health at Linden 

 Linden 

 TX 

 — 

 680 

 3,495 

 — 

 680 

 3,495 

 4,175 

 241 

 3,934 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7535 

 SWLTC Marshall Conroe 

 Marshall 

 TX 

 — 

 810 

 10,093 

 — 

 810 

 10,093 

 10,903 

 545 

 10,358 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1677 

 McKinney Healthcare & Rehab 

 McKinney 

 TX 

 — 

 1,450 

 10,345 

 — 

 1,450 

 10,345 

 11,795 

 556 

 11,239 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7650 

 Homestead of McKinney 

 McKinney 

 TX 

 — 

 1,540 

 11,049 

 (2,592 

 ) 

 1,540 

 8,457 

 9,997 

 475 

 9,522 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7514 

 Midland Nursing Center 

 Midland 

 TX 

 — 

 530 

 13,311 

 — 

 530 

 13,311 

 13,841 

 659 

 13,182 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7273 

 Park Manor of Quail Valley 

 Missouri 

 TX 

 — 

 1,920 

 16,841 

 — 

 1,920 

 16,841 

 18,761 

 825 

 17,936 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1672 

 Nexion Health at Mt. Pleasant 

 Mount Pleasant 

 TX 

 — 

 520 

 5,050 

 — 

 520 

 5,050 

 5,570 

 315 

 5,255 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1669 

 Nexion Health at New Boston 

 New Boston 

 TX 

 — 

 360 

 4,718 

 — 

 360 

 4,718 

 5,078 

 293 

 4,785 

 1966 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1671 

 Nexion Health at Omaha 

 Omaha 

 TX 

 — 

 450 

 2,455 

 — 

 450 

 2,455 

 2,905 

 178 

 2,727 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7604 

 The Meadows Nursing and Rehab 

 Orange 

 TX 

 — 

 380 

 10,777 

 — 

 380 

 10,777 

 11,157 

 566 

 10,591 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7607 

 Cypress Glen Nursing and Rehab 

 Port Arthur 

 TX 

 — 

 1,340 

 14,142 

 — 

 1,340 

 14,142 

 15,482 

 749 

 14,733 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7608 

 Cypress Glen East 

 Port Arthur 

 TX 

 — 

 490 

 10,663 

 — 

 490 

 10,663 

 11,153 

 554 

 10,599 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 153 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 7600 

 Trisun Care Center Coastal Palms 

 Portland 

 TX 

 — 

 390 

 8,548 

 — 

 390 

 8,548 

 8,938 

 445 

 8,493 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7513 

 Legend Oaks Healthcare San Angelo 

 San Angelo 

 TX 

 — 

 870 

 12,282 

 — 

 870 

 12,282 

 13,152 

 629 

 12,523 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2472 

 Parklane West 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 770 

 10,242 

 — 

 770 

 10,242 

 11,012 

 550 

 10,462 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7530 

 San Pedro Manor 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 740 

 11,498 

 (2,768 

 ) 

 740 

 8,730 

 9,470 

 485 

 8,985 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1670 

 Nexion Health at Sherman 

 Sherman 

 TX 

 — 

 250 

 6,636 

 — 

 250 

 6,636 

 6,886 

 375 

 6,511 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7532 

 Avalon Trinity 

 Trinity 

 TX 

 — 

 330 

 9,413 

 — 

 330 

 9,413 

 9,743 

 496 

 9,247 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1673 

 Renfro Nursing Home 

 Waxahachie 

 TX 

 — 

 510 

 7,602 

 — 

 510 

 7,602 

 8,112 

 443 

 7,669 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7533 

 Avalon Wharton 

 wharton 

 TX 

 — 

 270 

 5,107 

 — 

 270 

 5,107 

 5,377 

 313 

 5,064 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7153 

 Infinia at Granite Hills 

 Salt Lake City 

 UT 

 — 

 740 

 1,247 

 549 

 740 

 1,796 

 2,536 

 108 

 2,428 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3769 

 Sleepy Hollow Manor 

 Annandale 

 VA 

 — 

 7,210 

 13,562 

 — 

 7,210 

 13,562 

 20,772 

 772 

 20,000 

 1963 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3768 

 The Cedars Nursing Home 

 Charlottesville 

 VA 

 — 

 2,810 

 10,763 

 — 

 2,810 

 10,763 

 13,573 

 584 

 12,989 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7173 

 Avis Adams 

 Emporia 

 VA 

 — 

 620 

 7,492 

 16 

 620 

 7,508 

 8,128 

 419 

 7,709 

 1971 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3771 

 Walnut Hill Convalescent Center 

 Petersburg 

 VA 

 — 

 930 

 11,597 

 — 

 930 

 11,597 

 12,527 

 591 

 11,936 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3772 

 Battlefield Park Convalescent Center 

 Petersburg 

 VA 

 — 

 1,010 

 12,489 

 — 

 1,010 

 12,489 

 13,499 

 629 

 12,870 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1501 

 St. Francis of Bellingham 

 Bellingham 

 WA 

 — 

 1,740 

 23,581 

 — 

 1,740 

 23,581 

 25,321 

 1,113 

 24,208 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7201 

 Evergreen North Cascades 

 Bellingham 

 WA 

 — 

 1,220 

 7,554 

 — 

 1,220 

 7,554 

 8,774 

 441 

 8,333 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3924 

 Everett Rehabilitation & Care 

 Everett 

 WA 

 — 

 2,750 

 27,337 

 — 

 2,750 

 27,337 

 30,087 

 1,276 

 28,811 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1514 

 Avamere Georgian Lakewood 

 Lakewood 

 WA 

 — 

 620 

 3,896 

 — 

 620 

 3,896 

 4,516 

 227 

 4,289 

 1958 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3921 

 SunRise Care & Rehab Moses Lake 

 Moses Lake 

 WA 

 — 

 660 

 17,439 

 — 

 660 

 17,439 

 18,099 

 842 

 17,257 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3922 

 SunRise Care & Rehab Lake Ridge 

 Moses Lake 

 WA 

 — 

 660 

 8,866 

 — 

 660 

 8,866 

 9,526 

 448 

 9,078 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1500 

 Richmond Beach Rehab 

 Seattle 

 WA 

 — 

 2,930 

 16,199 

 — 

 2,930 

 16,199 

 19,129 

 823 

 18,306 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1503 

 Avamere Olympic Rehab of Sequim 

 Sequim 

 WA 

 — 

 590 

 16,896 

 — 

 590 

 16,896 

 17,486 

 829 

 16,657 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7200 

 Shelton Nursing Home 

 Shelton 

 WA 

 — 

 510 

 8,570 

 — 

 510 

 8,570 

 9,080 

 434 

 8,646 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 154 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1512 

 Avamere Heritage Rehab of Tacoma 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 — 

 1,760 

 4,616 

 — 

 1,760 

 4,616 

 6,376 

 272 

 6,104 

 1968 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1515 

 Avamere Skilled Nursing Tacoma 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 — 

 1,320 

 1,544 

 — 

 1,320 

 1,544 

 2,864 

 159 

 2,705 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7360 

 Cascade Park Care Center 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,860 

 14,854 

 — 

 1,860 

 14,854 

 16,714 

 716 

 15,998 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7470 

 Chilton Health and Rehab 

 Chilton 

 WI 

 — 

 440 

 6,114 

 — 

 440 

 6,114 

 6,554 

 344 

 6,210 

 1963 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3781 

 Florence Villa 

 Florence 

 WI 

 — 

 340 

 5,631 

 — 

 340 

 5,631 

 5,971 

 308 

 5,663 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3780 

 Western Village 

 Green Bay 

 WI 

 — 

 1,310 

 4,882 

 — 

 1,310 

 4,882 

 6,192 

 307 

 5,885 

 1965 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3783 

 Greendale Health & Rehab 

 Sheboygan 

 WI 

 — 

 880 

 1,941 

 — 

 880 

 1,941 

 2,821 

 139 

 2,682 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3782 

 South Shore Manor 

 St. Francis 

 WI 

 — 

 630 

 2,300 

 — 

 630 

 2,300 

 2,930 

 132 

 2,798 

 1960 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7240 

 Waukesha Springs (Westmoreland) 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 — 

 1,380 

 16,205 

 — 

 1,380 

 16,205 

 17,585 

 888 

 16,697 

 1973 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3776 

 Wisconsin Dells Health & Rehab 

 Wisconsin Dells 

 WI 

 — 

 730 

 18,994 

 — 

 730 

 18,994 

 19,724 

 894 

 18,830 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2513 

 Logan Center 

 Logan 

 WV 

 — 

 300 

 12,959 

 — 

 300 

 12,959 

 13,259 

 611 

 12,648 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2514 

 Ravenswood Healthcare Center 

 Ravenswood 

 WV 

 — 

 320 

 12,710 

 — 

 320 

 12,710 

 13,030 

 601 

 12,429 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2512 

 Valley Center 

 South Charleston 

 WV 

 — 

 750 

 24,115 

 — 

 750 

 24,115 

 24,865 

 1,153 

 23,712 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2515 

 White Sulphur 

 White Sulphur 

 WV 

 — 

 250 

 13,055 

 — 

 250 

 13,055 

 13,305 

 621 

 12,684 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 TOTAL NON-KINDRED SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES 

 — 

 215,225 

 2,106,053 

 (14,796 

 ) 

 215,225 

 2,091,257 

 2,306,482 

 156,795 

 2,149,687 

 TOTAL FOR SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES 

 — 

 265,785 

 2,647,721 

 (15,176 

 ) 

 265,405 

 2,632,925 

 2,898,330 

 555,574 

 2,342,756 

 155 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 KINDRED HOSPITALS 

 4656 

 Kindred Hospital—Arizona—Phoenix 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 — 

 226 

 3,359 

 — 

 226 

 3,359 

 3,585 

 2,419 

 1,166 

 1980 

 1992 

 30 years 

 4826 

 Kindred Hospital—Scottsdale 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,310 

 6,322 

 (6,592 

 ) 

 2,040 

 — 

 2,040 

 — 

 2,040 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 4658 

 Kindred Hospital—Tucson 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 130 

 3,091 

 — 

 130 

 3,091 

 3,221 

 2,653 

 568 

 1969 

 1994 

 25 years 

 4644 

 Kindred Hospital—Brea 

 Brea 

 CA 

 — 

 3,144 

 2,611 

 — 

 3,144 

 2,611 

 5,755 

 1,118 

 4,637 

 1990 

 1995 

 40 years 

 4807 

 Kindred Hospital—Ontario 

 Ontario 

 CA 

 — 

 523 

 2,988 

 — 

 523 

 2,988 

 3,511 

 2,543 

 968 

 1950 

 1994 

 25 years 

 4848 

 Kindred Hospital—San Diego 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 670 

 11,764 

 — 

 670 

 11,764 

 12,434 

 10,306 

 2,128 

 1965 

 1994 

 25 years 

 4822 

 Kindred Hospital—San Francisco Bay Area 

 San Leandro 

 CA 

 — 

 2,735 

 5,870 

 — 

 2,735 

 5,870 

 8,605 

 5,827 

 2,778 

 1962 

 1993 

 25 years 

 4842 

 Kindred Hospital—Westminster 

 Westminster 

 CA 

 — 

 727 

 7,384 

 — 

 727 

 7,384 

 8,111 

 7,382 

 729 

 1973 

 1993 

 20 years 

 4665 

 Kindred Hospital—Denver 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 896 

 6,367 

 — 

 896 

 6,367 

 7,263 

 6,326 

 937 

 1963 

 1994 

 20 years 

 4602 

 Kindred Hospital—South Florida—Coral Gables 

 Coral Gables 

 FL 

 — 

 1,071 

 5,348 

 — 

 1,071 

 5,348 

 6,419 

 4,532 

 1,887 

 1956 

 1992 

 30 years 

 4645 

 Kindred Hospital—South Florida Ft. Lauderdale 

 Ft. Lauderdale 

 FL 

 — 

 1,758 

 14,080 

 — 

 1,758 

 14,080 

 15,838 

 12,412 

 3,426 

 N/A 

 1989 

 30 years 

 4652 

 Kindred Hospital—North Florida 

 Green Cove Springs 

 FL 

 — 

 145 

 4,613 

 — 

 145 

 4,613 

 4,758 

 3,920 

 838 

 1956 

 1994 

 20 years 

 4876 

 Kindred Hospital—South Florida—Hollywood 

 Hollywood 

 FL 

 — 

 605 

 5,229 

 — 

 605 

 5,229 

 5,834 

 4,961 

 873 

 1937 

 1995 

 20 years 

 4674 

 Kindred Hospital—Central Tampa 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 — 

 2,732 

 7,676 

 — 

 2,732 

 7,676 

 10,408 

 4,314 

 6,094 

 1970 

 1993 

 40 years 

 4611 

 Kindred Hospital—Bay Area St. Petersburg 

 St. Petersburg 

 FL 

 — 

 1,401 

 16,706 

 — 

 1,401 

 16,706 

 18,107 

 12,653 

 5,454 

 1968 

 1997 

 40 years 

 4637 

 Kindred Hospital—Chicago (North Campus) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 — 

 1,583 

 19,980 

 — 

 1,583 

 19,980 

 21,563 

 17,316 

 4,247 

 1949 

 1995 

 25 years 

 4871 

 Kindred—Chicago—Lakeshore 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 — 

 1,513 

 9,525 

 — 

 1,513 

 9,525 

 11,038 

 9,296 

 1,742 

 1995 

 1976 

 20 years 

 4690 

 Kindred Hospital—Chicago (Northlake Campus) 

 Northlake 

 IL 

 — 

 850 

 6,498 

 — 

 850 

 6,498 

 7,348 

 5,186 

 2,162 

 1960 

 1991 

 30 years 

 4615 

 Kindred Hospital—Sycamore 

 Sycamore 

 IL 

 — 

 77 

 8,549 

 — 

 77 

 8,549 

 8,626 

 6,999 

 1,627 

 1949 

 1993 

 20 years 

 4638 

 Kindred Hospital—Indianapolis 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 985 

 3,801 

 — 

 985 

 3,801 

 4,786 

 3,015 

 1,771 

 1955 

 1993 

 30 years 

 4633 

 Kindred Hospital—Louisville 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 3,041 

 12,279 

 — 

 3,041 

 12,279 

 15,320 

 11,063 

 4,257 

 1964 

 1995 

 20 years 

 4666 

 Kindred Hospital—New Orleans 

 New Orleans 

 LA 

 — 

 648 

 4,971 

 — 

 648 

 4,971 

 5,619 

 4,038 

 1,581 

 1968 

 1978 

 20 years 

 4688 

 Kindred Hospital—Boston 

 Boston 

 MA 

 — 

 1,551 

 9,796 

 — 

 1,551 

 9,796 

 11,347 

 8,648 

 2,699 

 1930 

 1994 

 25 years 

 156 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 4673 

 Kindred Hospital—Boston North Shore 

 Peabody 

 MA 

 — 

 543 

 7,568 

 — 

 543 

 7,568 

 8,111 

 4,985 

 3,126 

 1974 

 1993 

 40 years 

 4612 

 Kindred Hospital—Kansas City 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 — 

 277 

 2,914 

 — 

 277 

 2,914 

 3,191 

 2,403 

 788 

 N/A 

 1992 

 30 years 

 4680 

 Kindred Hospital—St. Louis 

 St Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 1,126 

 2,087 

 — 

 1,126 

 2,087 

 3,213 

 1,723 

 1,490 

 1984 

 1991 

 40 years 

 4662 

 Kindred Hospital—Greensboro 

 Greensboro 

 NC 

 — 

 1,010 

 7,586 

 — 

 1,010 

 7,586 

 8,596 

 7,012 

 1,584 

 1964 

 1994 

 20 years 

 4664 

 Kindred Hospital—Albuquerque 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 11 

 4,253 

 — 

 11 

 4,253 

 4,264 

 2,469 

 1,795 

 1985 

 1993 

 40 years 

 4647 

 Kindred Hospital—Las Vegas (Sahara) 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 1,110 

 2,177 

 — 

 1,110 

 2,177 

 3,287 

 1,173 

 2,114 

 1980 

 1994 

 40 years 

 4618 

 Kindred Hospital—Oklahoma City 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 — 

 293 

 5,607 

 — 

 293 

 5,607 

 5,900 

 4,006 

 1,894 

 1958 

 1993 

 30 years 

 4619 

 Kindred Hospital—Pittsburgh 

 Oakdale 

 PA 

 — 

 662 

 12,854 

 — 

 662 

 12,854 

 13,516 

 8,484 

 5,032 

 1972 

 1996 

 40 years 

 4614 

 Kindred Hospital—Philadelphia 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 — 

 135 

 5,223 

 — 

 135 

 5,223 

 5,358 

 2,774 

 2,584 

 N/A 

 1995 

 35 years 

 4628 

 Kindred Hospital—Chattanooga 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 — 

 756 

 4,415 

 — 

 756 

 4,415 

 5,171 

 3,656 

 1,515 

 1975 

 1993 

 22 years 

 4653 

 Kindred Hospital—Tarrant County (Fort Worth Southwest) 

 Ft. Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 2,342 

 7,458 

 — 

 2,342 

 7,458 

 9,800 

 7,070 

 2,730 

 1987 

 1986 

 20 years 

 4668 

 Kindred Hospital—Fort Worth 

 Ft. Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 648 

 10,608 

 — 

 648 

 10,608 

 11,256 

 7,924 

 3,332 

 1960 

 1994 

 34 years 

 4654 

 Kindred Hospital (Houston Northwest) 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,699 

 6,788 

 — 

 1,699 

 6,788 

 8,487 

 4,702 

 3,785 

 1986 

 1985 

 40 years 

 4685 

 Kindred Hospital—Houston 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 33 

 7,062 

 — 

 33 

 7,062 

 7,095 

 6,076 

 1,019 

 N/A 

 1994 

 20 years 

 4660 

 Kindred Hospital—Mansfield 

 Mansfield 

 TX 

 — 

 267 

 2,462 

 — 

 267 

 2,462 

 2,729 

 1,715 

 1,014 

 1983 

 1990 

 40 years 

 4635 

 Kindred Hospital—San Antonio 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 249 

 11,413 

 — 

 249 

 11,413 

 11,662 

 7,702 

 3,960 

 1981 

 1993 

 30 years 

 TOTAL FOR KINDRED HOSPITALS 

 — 

 40,482 

 279,282 

 (6,592 

 ) 

 40,212 

 272,960 

 313,172 

 220,801 

 92,371 

 157 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 NON-KINDRED HOSPITALS 

 7280 

 Southern Arizone Rehab 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 770 

 25,589 

 — 

 770 

 25,589 

 26,359 

 1,146 

 25,213 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7403 

 HealthBridge Children’s Hospital 

 Orange 

 CA 

 — 

 1,330 

 9,317 

 — 

 1,330 

 9,317 

 10,647 

 429 

 10,218 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7281 

 HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital 

 Tustin 

 CA 

 — 

 2,810 

 25,248 

 — 

 2,810 

 25,248 

 28,058 

 1,152 

 26,906 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3828 

 Gateway Rehabilitation Hospital at Florence 

 Florence 

 KY 

 — 

 3,600 

 4,924 

 — 

 3,600 

 4,924 

 8,524 

 868 

 7,656 

 2001 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7400 

 The Ranch/Touchstone 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 — 

 2,710 

 28,428 

 — 

 2,710 

 28,428 

 31,138 

 1,276 

 29,862 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3864 

 Highlands Regional Rehabilitation Hospital 

 El Paso 

 TX 

 — 

 1,900 

 23,616 

 — 

 1,900 

 23,616 

 25,516 

 4,161 

 21,355 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7401 

 Houston Children’s Hospital 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,800 

 15,770 

 — 

 1,800 

 15,770 

 17,570 

 718 

 16,852 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7402 

 Beacon Specialty Hospital 

 The Woodlands 

 TX 

 — 

 960 

 6,498 

 — 

 960 

 6,498 

 7,458 

 303 

 7,155 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 TOTAL FOR NON-KINDRED HOSPITALS 

 — 

 15,880 

 139,390 

 — 

 15,880 

 139,390 

 155,270 

 10,053 

 145,217 

 TOTAL FOR HOSPITALS 

 — 

 56,362 

 418,672 

 (6,592 

 ) 

 56,092 

 412,350 

 468,442 

 230,854 

 237,588 

 158 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 BROOKDALE SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 2445 

 Cedar Springs (aka Decatur) 

 Decatur 

 AL 

 — 

 1,960 

 7,916 

 — 

 1,960 

 7,916 

 9,876 

 798 

 9,078 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2444 

 Hanceville 

 Hanceville 

 AL 

 — 

 530 

 3,822 

 — 

 530 

 3,822 

 4,352 

 367 

 3,985 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2477 

 Wellington Place at Muscle Shoals 

 Muscle Shoals 

 AL 

 — 

 340 

 4,017 

 — 

 340 

 4,017 

 4,357 

 219 

 4,138 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2466 

 Sterling House of Chandler 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,000 

 6,538 

 — 

 2,000 

 6,538 

 8,538 

 336 

 8,202 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2471 

 Park Regency Premier Club 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,260 

 19,338 

 — 

 2,260 

 19,338 

 21,598 

 1,085 

 20,513 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2424 

 The Springs of East Mesa 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,747 

 24,918 

 — 

 2,747 

 24,918 

 27,665 

 7,642 

 20,023 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3219 

 Sterling House of Mesa 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 — 

 655 

 6,998 

 — 

 655 

 6,998 

 7,653 

 2,120 

 5,533 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3225 

 Clare Bridge of Oro Valley 

 Oro Valley 

 AZ 

 — 

 666 

 6,169 

 — 

 666 

 6,169 

 6,835 

 1,868 

 4,967 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3227 

 Sterling House of Peoria 

 Peoria 

 AZ 

 — 

 598 

 4,872 

 — 

 598 

 4,872 

 5,470 

 1,476 

 3,994 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3236 

 Clare Bridge of Tempe 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 — 

 611 

 4,066 

 — 

 611 

 4,066 

 4,677 

 1,231 

 3,446 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3238 

 Sterling House on East Speedway 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 506 

 4,745 

 — 

 506 

 4,745 

 5,251 

 1,437 

 3,814 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2426 

 Woodside Terrace 

 Redwood City 

 CA 

 — 

 7,669 

 66,691 

 — 

 7,669 

 66,691 

 74,360 

 20,712 

 53,648 

 1988 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2428 

 The Atrium 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 23,317 

 6,240 

 66,329 

 — 

 6,240 

 66,329 

 72,569 

 19,467 

 53,102 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2429 

 Brookdale Place 

 San Marcos 

 CA 

 — 

 4,288 

 36,204 

 — 

 4,288 

 36,204 

 40,492 

 11,346 

 29,146 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2438 

 Ridge Point Assisted Living Inn 

 Boulder 

 CO 

 — 

 1,290 

 20,683 

 — 

 1,290 

 20,683 

 21,973 

 986 

 20,987 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3206 

 Wynwood of Colorado Springs 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 715 

 9,279 

 — 

 715 

 9,279 

 9,994 

 2,810 

 7,184 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3220 

 Wynwood of Pueblo 

 Pueblo 

 CO 

 5,147 

 840 

 9,403 

 — 

 840 

 9,403 

 10,243 

 2,848 

 7,395 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2420 

 The Gables at Farmington 

 Farmington 

 CT 

 9,799 

 3,995 

 36,310 

 — 

 3,995 

 36,310 

 40,305 

 11,130 

 29,175 

 1984 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2435 

 Chatfield 

 West Hartford 

 CT 

 — 

 2,493 

 22,833 

 — 

 2,493 

 22,833 

 25,326 

 6,983 

 18,343 

 1989 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3258 

 Clare Bridge of Ft. Myers 

 Ft. Myers 

 FL 

 — 

 1,510 

 7,862 

 — 

 1,510 

 7,862 

 9,372 

 373 

 8,999 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2478 

 Wellington Place at Ft Walton 

 Ft. Walton 

 FL 

 — 

 2,610 

 11,041 

 — 

 2,610 

 11,041 

 13,651 

 523 

 13,128 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2458 

 Sterling House of Merrimac 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 — 

 860 

 16,745 

 — 

 860 

 16,745 

 17,605 

 761 

 16,844 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3260 

 Clare Bridge of Jacksonville 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 — 

 1,300 

 9,659 

 — 

 1,300 

 9,659 

 10,959 

 452 

 10,507 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3259 

 Sterling House of Ormond Beach 

 Ormond Beach 

 FL 

 — 

 1,660 

 9,738 

 — 

 1,660 

 9,738 

 11,398 

 459 

 10,939 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 159 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 2460 

 Sterling House of Palm Coast 

 Palm Coast 

 FL 

 — 

 470 

 9,187 

 — 

 470 

 9,187 

 9,657 

 437 

 9,220 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3226 

 Sterling House of Pensacola 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 — 

 633 

 6,087 

 — 

 633 

 6,087 

 6,720 

 1,843 

 4,877 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2461 

 Sterling House of Englewood (FL) 

 Rotunda West 

 FL 

 — 

 1,740 

 4,331 

 — 

 1,740 

 4,331 

 6,071 

 248 

 5,823 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3235 

 Clare Bridge of Tallahassee 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 4,570 

 667 

 6,168 

 — 

 667 

 6,168 

 6,835 

 1,868 

 4,967 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2452 

 Sterling House of Tavares 

 Tavares 

 FL 

 — 

 280 

 15,980 

 — 

 280 

 15,980 

 16,260 

 730 

 15,530 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2469 

 Renaissance of Titusville 

 Titusville 

 FL 

 — 

 2,330 

 9,435 

 — 

 2,330 

 9,435 

 11,765 

 919 

 10,846 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3241 

 Clare Bridge of West Melbourne 

 West Melbourne 

 FL 

 6,514 

 586 

 5,481 

 — 

 586 

 5,481 

 6,067 

 1,660 

 4,407 

 2000 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2436 

 The Classic at West Palm Beach 

 West Palm Beach 

 FL 

 26,100 

 3,758 

 33,072 

 — 

 3,758 

 33,072 

 36,830 

 10,235 

 26,595 

 1990 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3245 

 Clare Bridge Cottage of Winter Haven 

 Winter Haven 

 FL 

 — 

 232 

 3,006 

 — 

 232 

 3,006 

 3,238 

 910 

 2,328 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3246 

 Sterling House of Winter Haven 

 Winter Haven 

 FL 

 — 

 438 

 5,549 

 — 

 438 

 5,549 

 5,987 

 1,681 

 4,306 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3239 

 Wynwood of Twin Falls 

 Twin Falls 

 ID 

 — 

 703 

 6,153 

 — 

 703 

 6,153 

 6,856 

 1,864 

 4,992 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2416 

 The Hallmark 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 — 

 11,057 

 107,517 

 — 

 11,057 

 107,517 

 118,574 

 32,325 

 86,249 

 1990 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2417 

 The Kenwood of Lake View 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 11,056 

 3,072 

 26,668 

 — 

 3,072 

 26,668 

 29,740 

 8,287 

 21,453 

 1950 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2418 

 The Heritage 

 Des Plaines 

 IL 

 32,000 

 6,871 

 60,165 

 — 

 6,871 

 60,165 

 67,036 

 18,647 

 48,389 

 1993 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2421 

 Devonshire of Hoffman Estates 

 Hoffman Estates 

 IL 

 — 

 3,886 

 44,130 

 — 

 3,886 

 44,130 

 48,016 

 12,735 

 35,281 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2423 

 The Devonshire 

 Lisle 

 IL 

 33,000 

 7,953 

 70,400 

 — 

 7,953 

 70,400 

 78,353 

 21,748 

 56,605 

 1990 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2415 

 Seasons at Glenview 

 Northbrook 

 IL 

 — 

 1,988 

 39,762 

 — 

 1,988 

 39,762 

 41,750 

 10,444 

 31,306 

 1999 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2432 

 Hawthorn Lakes 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 — 

 4,439 

 35,044 

 — 

 4,439 

 35,044 

 39,483 

 11,218 

 28,265 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2433 

 The Willows 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 — 

 1,147 

 10,041 

 — 

 1,147 

 10,041 

 11,188 

 3,112 

 8,076 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3209 

 Sterling House of Evansville 

 Evansville 

 IN 

 3,667 

 357 

 3,765 

 — 

 357 

 3,765 

 4,122 

 1,140 

 2,982 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2422 

 Berkshire of Castleton 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 1,280 

 11,515 

 — 

 1,280 

 11,515 

 12,795 

 3,540 

 9,255 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3218 

 Sterling House of Marion 

 Marion 

 IN 

 — 

 207 

 3,570 

 — 

 207 

 3,570 

 3,777 

 1,081 

 2,696 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3230 

 Sterling House of Portage 

 Portage 

 IN 

 — 

 128 

 3,649 

 — 

 128 

 3,649 

 3,777 

 1,105 

 2,672 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 160 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3232 

 Sterling House of Richmond 

 Richmond 

 IN 

 — 

 495 

 4,124 

 — 

 495 

 4,124 

 4,619 

 1,249 

 3,370 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3273 

 Sterling House of Derby 

 Derby 

 KS 

 — 

 440 

 4,422 

 — 

 440 

 4,422 

 4,862 

 215 

 4,647 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3216 

 Clare Bridge of Leawood 

 Leawood 

 KS 

 3,734 

 117 

 5,127 

 — 

 117 

 5,127 

 5,244 

 1,553 

 3,691 

 2000 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2451 

 Sterling House of Salina II 

 Salina 

 KS 

 — 

 300 

 5,657 

 — 

 300 

 5,657 

 5,957 

 277 

 5,680 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3237 

 Clare Bridge Cottage of Topeka 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 5,001 

 370 

 6,825 

 — 

 370 

 6,825 

 7,195 

 2,067 

 5,128 

 2000 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3274 

 Sterling House of Wellington 

 Wellington 

 KS 

 — 

 310 

 2,434 

 — 

 310 

 2,434 

 2,744 

 130 

 2,614 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2425 

 River Bay Club 

 Quincy 

 MA 

 — 

 6,101 

 57,862 

 — 

 6,101 

 57,862 

 63,963 

 17,519 

 46,444 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3252 

 Woven Hearts of Davison 

 Davidson 

 MI 

 — 

 160 

 3,189 

 — 

 160 

 3,189 

 3,349 

 160 

 3,189 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3253 

 Clare Bridge of Delta Charter 

 Delta 

 MI 

 — 

 730 

 11,471 

 — 

 730 

 11,471 

 12,201 

 534 

 11,667 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3257 

 Woven Hearts of Delta Charter 

 Delta 

 MI 

 — 

 820 

 3,313 

 — 

 820 

 3,313 

 4,133 

 216 

 3,917 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3247 

 Clare Bridge of Farmington Hills I 

 Farmington Hills 

 MI 

 — 

 580 

 10,497 

 — 

 580 

 10,497 

 11,077 

 550 

 10,527 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3248 

 Clare Bridge of Farmington Hills II 

 Farmington Hills 

 MI 

 — 

 700 

 10,246 

 — 

 700 

 10,246 

 10,946 

 557 

 10,389 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3254 

 Clare Bridge of Grand Blanc I 

 Grand Blanc 

 MI 

 — 

 450 

 12,373 

 — 

 450 

 12,373 

 12,823 

 579 

 12,244 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3255 

 Wynwood of Grand Blanc II 

 Grand Blanc 

 MI 

 — 

 620 

 14,627 

 — 

 620 

 14,627 

 15,247 

 693 

 14,554 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3250 

 Wynwood of Meridian Lansing II 

 Haslett 

 MI 

 — 

 1,340 

 6,134 

 — 

 1,340 

 6,134 

 7,474 

 324 

 7,150 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3224 

 Wynwood of Northville 

 Northville 

 MI 

 7,354 

 407 

 6,068 

 — 

 407 

 6,068 

 6,475 

 1,838 

 4,637 

 1996 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3251 

 Clare Bridge of Troy I 

 Troy 

 MI 

 — 

 630 

 17,178 

 — 

 630 

 17,178 

 17,808 

 792 

 17,016 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3256 

 Wynwood of Troy II 

 Troy 

 MI 

 — 

 950 

 12,503 

 — 

 950 

 12,503 

 13,453 

 622 

 12,831 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3240 

 Wynwood of Utica 

 Utica 

 MI 

 — 

 1,142 

 11,808 

 — 

 1,142 

 11,808 

 12,950 

 3,576 

 9,374 

 1996 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3249 

 Clare Bridge of Utica 

 Utica 

 MI 

 — 

 700 

 8,657 

 — 

 700 

 8,657 

 9,357 

 430 

 8,927 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3203 

 Sterling House of Blaine 

 Blaine 

 MN 

 — 

 150 

 1,675 

 — 

 150 

 1,675 

 1,825 

 507 

 1,318 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3208 

 Clare Bridge of Eden Prairie 

 Eden Prairie 

 MN 

 — 

 301 

 6,228 

 — 

 301 

 6,228 

 6,529 

 1,886 

 4,643 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2419 

 Edina Park Plaza 

 Edina 

 MN 

 15,888 

 3,621 

 33,141 

 — 

 3,621 

 33,141 

 36,762 

 10,138 

 26,624 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3270 

 Woven Hearts of Faribault 

 Faribault 

 MN 

 — 

 530 

 1,085 

 — 

 530 

 1,085 

 1,615 

 67 

 1,548 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3211 

 Sterling House of Inver Grove Heights 

 Inver Grove Heights 

 MN 

 2,887 

 253 

 2,655 

 — 

 253 

 2,655 

 2,908 

 804 

 2,104 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3265 

 Woven Hearts of Mankato 

 Mankato 

 MN 

 — 

 490 

 410 

 — 

 490 

 410 

 900 

 48 

 852 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3223 

 Clare Bridge of North Oaks 

 North Oaks 

 MN 

 — 

 1,057 

 8,296 

 — 

 1,057 

 8,296 

 9,353 

 2,512 

 6,841 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 161 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3229 

 Clare Bridge of Plymouth 

 Plymouth 

 MN 

 — 

 679 

 8,675 

 — 

 679 

 8,675 

 9,354 

 2,627 

 6,727 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3272 

 Woven Hearts of Sauk Rapids 

 Sauk Rapids 

 MN 

 — 

 480 

 3,178 

 — 

 480 

 3,178 

 3,658 

 158 

 3,500 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3269 

 Woven Hearts of Wilmar 

 Wilmar 

 MN 

 — 

 470 

 4,833 

 — 

 470 

 4,833 

 5,303 

 227 

 5,076 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3267 

 Woven Hearts of Winona 

 Winona 

 MN 

 — 

 800 

 1,390 

 — 

 800 

 1,390 

 2,190 

 134 

 2,056 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2476 

 Wellington Place of Greenville 

 Greenville 

 MS 

 — 

 600 

 1,522 

 — 

 600 

 1,522 

 2,122 

 111 

 2,011 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3204 

 Clare Bridge of Cary 

 Cary 

 NC 

 — 

 724 

 6,466 

 — 

 724 

 6,466 

 7,190 

 1,958 

 5,232 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2465 

 Sterling House of Hickory 

 Hickory 

 NC 

 — 

 330 

 10,981 

 — 

 330 

 10,981 

 11,311 

 512 

 10,799 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3244 

 Clare Bridge of Winston-Salem 

 Winston-Salem 

 NC 

 — 

 368 

 3,497 

 — 

 368 

 3,497 

 3,865 

 1,059 

 2,806 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2468 

 Sterling House of Deptford 

 Deptford 

 NJ 

 — 

 1,190 

 5,482 

 — 

 1,190 

 5,482 

 6,672 

 285 

 6,387 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2434 

 Brendenwood 

 Voorhees 

 NJ 

 18,180 

 3,158 

 29,909 

 — 

 3,158 

 29,909 

 33,067 

 9,059 

 24,008 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3242 

 Clare Bridge of Westampton 

 Westampton 

 NJ 

 — 

 881 

 4,741 

 — 

 881 

 4,741 

 5,622 

 1,436 

 4,186 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2430 

 Ponce de Leon 

 Santa Fe 

 NM 

 — 

 — 

 28,178 

 — 

 — 

 28,178 

 28,178 

 8,243 

 19,935 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2462 

 Westwood Assisted Living 

 Sparks 

 NV 

 — 

 1,040 

 7,376 

 — 

 1,040 

 7,376 

 8,416 

 411 

 8,005 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2463 

 Westwood Active Retirement 

 Sparks 

 NV 

 — 

 1,520 

 9,280 

 — 

 1,520 

 9,280 

 10,800 

 544 

 10,256 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3205 

 Villas of Sherman Brook 

 Clinton 

 NY 

 — 

 947 

 7,528 

 — 

 947 

 7,528 

 8,475 

 2,280 

 6,195 

 1991 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3212 

 Wynwood of Kenmore 

 Kenmore 

 NY 

 13,711 

 1,487 

 15,170 

 — 

 1,487 

 15,170 

 16,657 

 4,594 

 12,063 

 1995 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3261 

 Wynwood of Liberty (Manlius) 

 Manlius 

 NY 

 — 

 890 

 28,237 

 — 

 890 

 28,237 

 29,127 

 1,290 

 27,837 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3221 

 Clare Bridge of Niskayuna 

 Niskayuna 

 NY 

 — 

 1,021 

 8,333 

 — 

 1,021 

 8,333 

 9,354 

 2,524 

 6,830 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3222 

 Wynwood of Niskayuna 

 Niskayuna 

 NY 

 17,252 

 1,884 

 16,103 

 — 

 1,884 

 16,103 

 17,987 

 4,877 

 13,110 

 1996 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3228 

 Clare Bridge of Perinton 

 Pittsford 

 NY 

 — 

 611 

 4,066 

 — 

 611 

 4,066 

 4,677 

 1,231 

 3,446 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2427 

 The Gables at Brighton 

 Rochester 

 NY 

 — 

 1,131 

 9,498 

 — 

 1,131 

 9,498 

 10,629 

 2,982 

 7,647 

 1988 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3234 

 Villas of Summerfield 

 Syracuse 

 NY 

 — 

 1,132 

 11,434 

 — 

 1,132 

 11,434 

 12,566 

 3,463 

 9,103 

 1991 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3243 

 Clare Bridge of Williamsville 

 Williamsville 

 NY 

 7,089 

 839 

 3,841 

 — 

 839 

 3,841 

 4,680 

 1,163 

 3,517 

 1997 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3200 

 Sterling House of Alliance 

 Alliance 

 OH 

 2,338 

 392 

 6,283 

 — 

 392 

 6,283 

 6,675 

 1,903 

 4,772 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3201 

 Clare Bridge Cottage of Austintown 

 Austintown 

 OH 

 — 

 151 

 3,087 

 — 

 151 

 3,087 

 3,238 

 935 

 2,303 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3275 

 Sterling House of Barberton 

 Barberton 

 OH 

 — 

 440 

 10,884 

 — 

 440 

 10,884 

 11,324 

 508 

 10,816 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3202 

 Sterling House of Beaver Creek 

 Beavercreek 

 OH 

 — 

 587 

 5,381 

 — 

 587 

 5,381 

 5,968 

 1,630 

 4,338 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3207 

 Sterling House of Westerville 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 1,907 

 267 

 3,600 

 — 

 267 

 3,600 

 3,867 

 1,090 

 2,777 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 162 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3276 

 Sterling House of Englewood (OH) 

 Englewood 

 OH 

 — 

 630 

 6,477 

 — 

 630 

 6,477 

 7,107 

 319 

 6,788 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2455 

 Sterling House of Greenville 

 Greenville 

 OH 

 — 

 490 

 4,144 

 — 

 490 

 4,144 

 4,634 

 241 

 4,393 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2467 

 Sterling House of Lancaster 

 Lancaster 

 OH 

 — 

 460 

 4,662 

 — 

 460 

 4,662 

 5,122 

 242 

 4,880 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3277 

 Sterling House of Marion 

 Marion 

 OH 

 — 

 620 

 3,306 

 — 

 620 

 3,306 

 3,926 

 185 

 3,741 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3233 

 Sterling House of Salem 

 Salem 

 OH 

 — 

 634 

 4,659 

 — 

 634 

 4,659 

 5,293 

 1,411 

 3,882 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2459 

 Sterling House of Springdale 

 Springdale 

 OH 

 — 

 1,140 

 9,134 

 — 

 1,140 

 9,134 

 10,274 

 433 

 9,841 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3278 

 Sterling House of Bartlesville 

 Bartlesville 

 OK 

 — 

 250 

 10,529 

 — 

 250 

 10,529 

 10,779 

 484 

 10,295 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3279 

 Sterling House of Bethany 

 Bethany 

 OK 

 — 

 390 

 1,499 

 — 

 390 

 1,499 

 1,889 

 91 

 1,798 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2450 

 Sterling House of Broken Arrow 

 Broken Arrow 

 OK 

 — 

 940 

 6,312 

 — 

 940 

 6,312 

 7,252 

 304 

 6,948 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2439 

 Forest Grove Residential Community 

 Forest Grove 

 OR 

 — 

 2,320 

 9,633 

 — 

 2,320 

 9,633 

 11,953 

 504 

 11,449 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2440 

 The Heritage at Mt. Hood 

 Gresham 

 OR 

 — 

 2,410 

 9,093 

 — 

 2,410 

 9,093 

 11,503 

 476 

 11,027 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2441 

 McMinnville Residential Estates 

 McMinnville 

 OR 

 2,158 

 1,230 

 7,561 

 — 

 1,230 

 7,561 

 8,791 

 439 

 8,352 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2475 

 Homewood Residence at Deane Hill 

 Knoxville 

 TN 

 — 

 1,150 

 15,705 

 — 

 1,150 

 15,705 

 16,855 

 790 

 16,065 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2479 

 Wellington Place at Newport 

 Newport 

 TN 

 — 

 820 

 4,046 

 — 

 820 

 4,046 

 4,866 

 222 

 4,644 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2449 

 Trinity Towers 

 Corpus Christi 

 TX 

 — 

 1,920 

 71,661 

 — 

 1,920 

 71,661 

 73,581 

 3,347 

 70,234 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2446 

 Sterling House of Denton 

 Denton 

 TX 

 — 

 1,750 

 6,712 

 — 

 1,750 

 6,712 

 8,462 

 323 

 8,139 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2448 

 Sterling House of Ennis 

 Ennis 

 TX 

 — 

 460 

 3,284 

 — 

 460 

 3,284 

 3,744 

 173 

 3,571 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2474 

 Broadway Plaza at Westover Hill 

 Ft. Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 1,660 

 25,703 

 — 

 1,660 

 25,703 

 27,363 

 1,198 

 26,165 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2453 

 Hampton at Pearland 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,250 

 12,869 

 — 

 1,250 

 12,869 

 14,119 

 643 

 13,476 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2454 

 Hampton at Pinegate 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 3,440 

 15,913 

 — 

 3,440 

 15,913 

 19,353 

 784 

 18,569 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2456 

 Hampton at Shadowlake 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 2,520 

 13,770 

 — 

 2,520 

 13,770 

 16,290 

 692 

 15,598 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2457 

 Hampton at Spring Shadow 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,250 

 15,760 

 — 

 1,250 

 15,760 

 17,010 

 752 

 16,258 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3280 

 Sterling House of Kerrville 

 Kerrville 

 TX 

 — 

 460 

 8,548 

 — 

 460 

 8,548 

 9,008 

 400 

 8,608 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3281 

 Sterling House of Lancaster 

 Lancaster 

 TX 

 — 

 410 

 1,478 

 — 

 410 

 1,478 

 1,888 

 98 

 1,790 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2447 

 Sterling House of Paris 

 Paris 

 TX 

 — 

 360 

 2,411 

 — 

 360 

 2,411 

 2,771 

 138 

 2,633 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3282 

 Sterling House of San Antonio 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 1,400 

 10,051 

 — 

 1,400 

 10,051 

 11,451 

 478 

 10,973 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3283 

 Sterling House of Temple 

 Temple 

 TX 

 — 

 330 

 5,081 

 — 

 330 

 5,081 

 5,411 

 257 

 5,154 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 163 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3217 

 Clare Bridge of Lynwood 

 Lynwood 

 WA 

 — 

 1,219 

 9,573 

 — 

 1,219 

 9,573 

 10,792 

 2,899 

 7,893 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3231 

 Clare Bridge of Puyallup 

 Puyallup 

 WA 

 9,993 

 1,055 

 8,298 

 — 

 1,055 

 8,298 

 9,353 

 2,513 

 6,840 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2442 

 Columbia Edgewater 

 Richland 

 WA 

 — 

 960 

 23,270 

 — 

 960 

 23,270 

 24,230 

 1,120 

 23,110 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2431 

 Park Place 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 — 

 1,622 

 12,895 

 — 

 1,622 

 12,895 

 14,517 

 4,118 

 10,399 

 1915 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2443 

 Crossings at Allenmore 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 — 

 620 

 16,186 

 — 

 620 

 16,186 

 16,806 

 752 

 16,054 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2473 

 Union Park at Allenmore 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 — 

 1,710 

 3,326 

 — 

 1,710 

 3,326 

 5,036 

 251 

 4,785 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2464 

 Crossings at Yakima 

 Yakima 

 WA 

 — 

 860 

 15,276 

 — 

 860 

 15,276 

 16,136 

 732 

 15,404 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3210 

 Sterling House of Fond du Lac 

 Fond du Lac 

 WI 

 — 

 196 

 1,603 

 — 

 196 

 1,603 

 1,799 

 485 

 1,314 

 2000 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3213 

 Clare Bridge of Kenosha 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 — 

 551 

 5,431 

 2,772 

 551 

 8,203 

 8,754 

 1,991 

 6,763 

 2000 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3271 

 Woven Hearts of Kenosha 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 — 

 630 

 1,694 

 — 

 630 

 1,694 

 2,324 

 94 

 2,230 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3214 

 Clare Bridge Cottage of La Crosse 

 LaCrosse 

 WI 

 — 

 621 

 4,056 

 1,126 

 621 

 5,182 

 5,803 

 1,370 

 4,433 

 2004 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3215 

 Sterling House of La Crosse 

 LaCrosse 

 WI 

 — 

 644 

 5,831 

 2,637 

 644 

 8,468 

 9,112 

 2,097 

 7,015 

 1998 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3268 

 Sterling House of Middleton 

 Middleton 

 WI 

 — 

 360 

 5,041 

 — 

 360 

 5,041 

 5,401 

 238 

 5,163 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3263 

 Woven Hearts of Neenah 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 340 

 1,030 

 — 

 340 

 1,030 

 1,370 

 65 

 1,305 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3262 

 Woven Hearts of Onalaska 

 Onalaska 

 WI 

 — 

 250 

 4,949 

 — 

 250 

 4,949 

 5,199 

 232 

 4,967 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3266 

 Woven Hearts of Oshkosh 

 Oshkosh 

 WI 

 — 

 160 

 1,904 

 — 

 160 

 1,904 

 2,064 

 103 

 1,961 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3264 

 Woven Hearts of Sun Prairie 

 Sun Prairie 

 WI 

 — 

 350 

 1,131 

 — 

 350 

 1,131 

 1,481 

 69 

 1,412 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 TOTAL FOR BROOKDALE SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 262,662 

 193,190 

 1,875,304 

 6,535 

 193,190 

 1,881,839 

 2,075,029 

 386,836 

 1,688,193 

 SUNRISE SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 4081 

 Sunrise of Chandler 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 — 

 4,344 

 14,455 

 — 

 4,344 

 14,455 

 18,799 

 345 

 18,454 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4064 

 Sunrise of Scottsdale 

 Scottsdale 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,229 

 27,575 

 249 

 2,253 

 27,800 

 30,053 

 4,853 

 25,200 

 2007 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4092 

 Sunrise of River Road 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,971 

 12,399 

 — 

 2,971 

 12,399 

 15,370 

 275 

 15,095 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4073 

 Sunrise of Lynn Valley 

 Vancouver 

 BC 

 14,656 

 11,759 

 37,424 

 575 

 11,770 

 37,988 

 49,758 

 6,525 

 43,233 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4077 

 Sunrise of Vancouver 

 Vancouver 

 BC 

 — 

 6,649 

 31,937 

 340 

 6,661 

 32,265 

 38,926 

 6,095 

 32,831 

 2005 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4069 

 Sunrise of Victoria 

 Victoria 

 BC 

 13,930 

 8,332 

 29,970 

 553 

 8,353 

 30,502 

 38,855 

 5,430 

 33,425 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4023 

 Sunrise at La Costa 

 Carlsbad 

 CA 

 — 

 4,890 

 20,590 

 643 

 4,920 

 21,203 

 26,123 

 4,327 

 21,796 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4086 

 Sunrise of Carmichael 

 Carmichael 

 CA 

 — 

 1,269 

 14,598 

 — 

 1,269 

 14,598 

 15,867 

 340 

 15,527 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4055 

 Sunrise of Fair Oaks 

 Fair Oaks 

 CA 

 11,126 

 1,456 

 23,679 

 1,130 

 2,190 

 24,075 

 26,265 

 4,589 

 21,676 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4045 

 Sunrise of Mission Viejo 

 Mission Viejo 

 CA 

 10,896 

 3,802 

 24,560 

 690 

 3,821 

 25,231 

 29,052 

 4,783 

 24,269 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 164 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 4047 

 Sunrise of Pacific Palisades 

 Pacific Palisades 

 CA 

 7,822 

 4,458 

 17,064 

 631 

 4,461 

 17,692 

 22,153 

 3,543 

 18,610 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4043 

 Sunrise at Canyon Crest 

 Riverside 

 CA 

 11,755 

 5,486 

 19,658 

 706 

 5,515 

 20,335 

 25,850 

 3,935 

 21,915 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4066 

 Sunrise of Rocklin 

 Rocklin 

 CA 

 — 

 1,378 

 23,565 

 434 

 1,409 

 23,968 

 25,377 

 4,239 

 21,138 

 2007 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4035 

 Sunrise of San Mateo 

 San Mateo 

 CA 

 — 

 2,682 

 35,335 

 1,067 

 2,686 

 36,398 

 39,084 

 6,267 

 32,817 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4012 

 Sunrise of Sunnyvale 

 Sunnyvale 

 CA 

 — 

 2,933 

 34,361 

 465 

 2,946 

 34,813 

 37,759 

 6,149 

 31,610 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4050 

 Sunrise at Sterling Canyon 

 Valencia 

 CA 

 17,559 

 3,868 

 29,293 

 3,317 

 3,919 

 32,559 

 36,478 

 6,025 

 30,453 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4016 

 Sunrise of Westlake Village 

 Westlake Village 

 CA 

 — 

 4,935 

 30,722 

 479 

 4,947 

 31,189 

 36,136 

 5,461 

 30,675 

 2004 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4018 

 Sunrise at Yorba Linda 

 Yorba Linda 

 CA 

 — 

 1,689 

 25,240 

 587 

 1,711 

 25,805 

 27,516 

 4,523 

 22,993 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4009 

 Sunrise at Cherry Creek 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 1,621 

 28,370 

 731 

 1,688 

 29,034 

 30,722 

 5,200 

 25,522 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4030 

 Sunrise at Pinehurst 

 Denver 

 CO 

 — 

 1,417 

 30,885 

 1,064 

 1,431 

 31,935 

 33,366 

 6,064 

 27,302 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4059 

 Sunrise at Orchard 

 Littleton 

 CO 

 11,052 

 1,813 

 22,183 

 720 

 1,818 

 22,898 

 24,716 

 4,375 

 20,341 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4061 

 Sunrise of Westminster 

 Westminster 

 CO 

 7,912 

 2,649 

 16,243 

 555 

 2,679 

 16,768 

 19,447 

 3,338 

 16,109 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4028 

 Sunrise of Stamford 

 Stamford 

 CT 

 — 

 4,612 

 28,533 

 1,016 

 4,617 

 29,544 

 34,161 

 5,581 

 28,580 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4094 

 Sunrise of Jacksonville 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 — 

 2,390 

 17,671 

 — 

 2,390 

 17,671 

 20,061 

 416 

 19,645 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4058 

 Sunrise of Ivey Ridge 

 Alpharetta 

 GA 

 5,391 

 1,507 

 18,516 

 612 

 1,513 

 19,122 

 20,635 

 3,757 

 16,878 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4056 

 Sunrise of Huntcliff I 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 32,145 

 4,232 

 66,161 

 6,144 

 4,226 

 72,311 

 76,537 

 11,730 

 64,807 

 1987 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4057 

 Sunrise of Huntcliff II 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 5,178 

 2,154 

 17,137 

 780 

 2,154 

 17,917 

 20,071 

 3,332 

 16,739 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4053 

 Sunrise at East Cobb 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 9,932 

 1,797 

 23,420 

 822 

 1,798 

 24,241 

 26,039 

 4,470 

 21,569 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4079 

 Sunrise of Barrington 

 Barrington 

 IL 

 — 

 859 

 15,085 

 — 

 859 

 15,085 

 15,944 

 350 

 15,594 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4040 

 Sunrise of Bloomingdale 

 Bloomingdale 

 IL 

 18,151 

 1,287 

 38,625 

 717 

 1,311 

 39,318 

 40,629 

 7,078 

 33,551 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4042 

 Sunrise of Buffalo Grove 

 Buffalo Grove 

 IL 

 14,387 

 2,154 

 28,021 

 621 

 2,204 

 28,592 

 30,796 

 5,310 

 25,486 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4015 

 Sunrise of Lincoln Park 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 — 

 3,485 

 26,687 

 338 

 3,485 

 27,025 

 30,510 

 4,649 

 25,861 

 2003 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4021 

 Sunrise of Glen Ellyn 

 Glen Ellyn 

 IL 

 — 

 2,455 

 34,064 

 579 

 2,475 

 34,623 

 37,098 

 6,536 

 30,562 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4024 

 Sunrise of Naperville 

 Naperville 

 IL 

 — 

 1,946 

 28,538 

 793 

 1,974 

 29,303 

 31,277 

 5,586 

 25,691 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4060 

 Sunrise of Palos Park 

 Palos Park 

 IL 

 19,854 

 2,363 

 42,205 

 629 

 2,369 

 42,828 

 45,197 

 7,800 

 37,397 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4014 

 Sunrise of Park Ridge 

 Park Ridge 

 IL 

 — 

 5,533 

 39,557 

 771 

 5,612 

 40,249 

 45,861 

 7,106 

 38,755 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4036 

 Sunrise of Willowbrook 

 Willowbrook 

 IL 

 19,565 

 1,454 

 60,738 

 1,585 

 1,980 

 61,797 

 63,777 

 9,285 

 54,492 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 165 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 4088 

 Sunrise of Old Meridian 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 — 

 8,550 

 31,746 

 — 

 8,550 

 31,746 

 40,296 

 744 

 39,552 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4089 

 Sunrise of Leawood 

 Leawood 

 KS 

 — 

 651 

 16,401 

 — 

 651 

 16,401 

 17,052 

 347 

 16,705 

 2006 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4090 

 Sunrise of Overland Park 

 Overland Park 

 KS 

 — 

 650 

 11,015 

 — 

 650 

 11,015 

 11,665 

 255 

 11,410 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4052 

 Sunrise of Baton Rouge 

 Baton Rouge 

 LA 

 8,487 

 1,212 

 23,547 

 680 

 1,230 

 24,209 

 25,439 

 4,412 

 21,027 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4051 

 Sunrise of Arlington 

 Arlington 

 MA 

 18,179 

 86 

 34,393 

 596 

 107 

 34,968 

 35,075 

 6,494 

 28,581 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4032 

 Sunrise of Norwood 

 Norwood 

 MA 

 — 

 2,230 

 30,968 

 1,033 

 2,258 

 31,973 

 34,231 

 5,587 

 28,644 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4033 

 Sunrise of Columbia 

 Columbia 

 MD 

 — 

 1,780 

 23,083 

 1,373 

 1,855 

 24,381 

 26,236 

 4,309 

 21,927 

 1996 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4034 

 Sunrise of Rockville 

 Rockville 

 MD 

 — 

 1,039 

 39,216 

 724 

 1,066 

 39,913 

 40,979 

 6,761 

 34,218 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4008 

 Sunrise of North Ann Arbor 

 Ann Arbor 

 MI 

 — 

 1,703 

 15,857 

 538 

 1,673 

 16,425 

 18,098 

 3,137 

 14,961 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4038 

 Sunrise of Bloomfield 

 Bloomfield Hills 

 MI 

 — 

 3,736 

 27,657 

 1,274 

 3,738 

 28,929 

 32,667 

 5,162 

 27,505 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4091 

 Sunrise of Cascade 

 Grand Rapids 

 MI 

 — 

 1,273 

 21,782 

 — 

 1,273 

 21,782 

 23,055 

 489 

 22,566 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4046 

 Sunrise of Northville 

 Plymouth 

 MI 

 14,536 

 1,445 

 26,090 

 661 

 1,466 

 26,730 

 28,196 

 4,989 

 23,207 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4048 

 Sunrise of Rochester 

 Rochester 

 MI 

 18,137 

 2,774 

 38,666 

 534 

 2,778 

 39,196 

 41,974 

 7,120 

 34,854 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4031 

 Sunrise of Troy 

 Troy 

 MI 

 — 

 1,758 

 23,727 

 365 

 1,765 

 24,085 

 25,850 

 4,551 

 21,299 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4054 

 Sunrise of Edina 

 Edina 

 MN 

 9,378 

 3,181 

 24,224 

 1,718 

 3,211 

 25,912 

 29,123 

 4,807 

 24,316 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4019 

 Sunrise on Providence 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 1,976 

 19,472 

 695 

 1,988 

 20,155 

 22,143 

 3,801 

 18,342 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4017 

 Sunrise at North Hills 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 — 

 749 

 37,091 

 905 

 751 

 37,994 

 38,745 

 6,711 

 32,034 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4025 

 Sunrise of East Brunswick 

 East Brunswick 

 NJ 

 — 

 2,784 

 26,173 

 948 

 2,788 

 27,117 

 29,905 

 5,234 

 24,671 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4085 

 Sunrise of Jackson 

 Jackson 

 NJ 

 — 

 4,009 

 15,029 

 — 

 4,009 

 15,029 

 19,038 

 365 

 18,673 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4001 

 Sunrise of Morris Plains 

 Morris Plains 

 NJ 

 19,033 

 1,492 

 32,052 

 749 

 1,496 

 32,797 

 34,293 

 5,829 

 28,464 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4002 

 Sunrise of Old Tappan 

 Old Tappan 

 NJ 

 17,676 

 2,985 

 36,795 

 736 

 2,986 

 37,530 

 40,516 

 6,628 

 33,888 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4062 

 Sunrise of Wall 

 Wall 

 NJ 

 10,053 

 1,053 

 19,101 

 521 

 1,060 

 19,615 

 20,675 

 3,741 

 16,934 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4005 

 Sunrise of Wayne 

 Wayne 

 NJ 

 14,041 

 1,288 

 24,990 

 971 

 1,297 

 25,952 

 27,249 

 4,678 

 22,571 

 1996 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4006 

 Sunrise of Westfield 

 Westfield 

 NJ 

 18,606 

 5,057 

 23,803 

 894 

 5,068 

 24,686 

 29,754 

 4,509 

 25,245 

 1996 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4029 

 Sunrise of Woodcliff Lake 

 Woodcliff Lake 

 NJ 

 — 

 3,493 

 30,801 

 497 

 3,502 

 31,289 

 34,791 

 6,043 

 28,748 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4027 

 Sunrise of North Lynbrook 

 Lynbrook 

 NY 

 — 

 4,622 

 38,087 

 895 

 4,682 

 38,922 

 43,604 

 7,484 

 36,120 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4044 

 Sunrise at Fleetwood 

 Mount Vernon 

 NY 

 13,045 

 4,381 

 28,434 

 684 

 4,394 

 29,105 

 33,499 

 5,556 

 27,943 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 166 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 4011 

 Sunrise of New City 

 New City 

 NY 

 — 

 1,906 

 27,323 

 824 

 1,906 

 28,147 

 30,053 

 5,150 

 24,903 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4049 

 Sunrise of Smithtown 

 Smithtown 

 NY 

 13,548 

 2,853 

 25,621 

 1,184 

 3,038 

 26,620 

 29,658 

 5,443 

 24,215 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4063 

 Sunrise of Staten Island 

 Staten Island 

 NY 

 — 

 7,237 

 23,910 

 (197 

 ) 

 7,284 

 23,666 

 30,950 

 5,478 

 25,472 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4013 

 Sunrise at Parma 

 Cleveland 

 OH 

 — 

 695 

 16,641 

 543 

 710 

 17,169 

 17,879 

 3,116 

 14,763 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4010 

 Sunrise of Cuyahoga Falls 

 Cuyahoga Falls 

 OH 

 — 

 626 

 10,239 

 457 

 631 

 10,691 

 11,322 

 2,082 

 9,240 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4075 

 Sunrise of Aurora 

 Aurora 

 ON 

 — 

 1,570 

 36,113 

 416 

 1,579 

 36,520 

 38,099 

 6,478 

 31,621 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4070 

 Sunrise of Burlington 

 Burlington 

 ON 

 — 

 1,173 

 24,448 

 301 

 1,183 

 24,739 

 25,922 

 4,319 

 21,603 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4067 

 Sunrise of Unionville 

 Markham 

 ON 

 14,858 

 2,322 

 41,140 

 864 

 2,368 

 41,958 

 44,326 

 7,192 

 37,134 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4068 

 Sunrise of Mississauga 

 Mississauga 

 ON 

 13,002 

 3,554 

 33,631 

 613 

 3,601 

 34,197 

 37,798 

 5,955 

 31,843 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4076 

 Sunrise of Erin Mills 

 Mississauga 

 ON 

 — 

 1,957 

 27,020 

 490 

 1,962 

 27,505 

 29,467 

 5,193 

 24,274 

 2007 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4071 

 Sunrise of Oakville 

 Oakville 

 ON 

 — 

 2,753 

 37,489 

 490 

 2,756 

 37,976 

 40,732 

 6,576 

 34,156 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4072 

 Sunrise of Richmond Hill 

 Richmond Hill 

 ON 

 12,247 

 2,155 

 41,254 

 467 

 2,165 

 41,711 

 43,876 

 7,111 

 36,765 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4078 

 Thorne Mill of Steeles 

 Vaughan 

 ON 

 — 

 2,563 

 57,513 

 3,403 

 1,447 

 62,032 

 63,479 

 9,621 

 53,858 

 2003 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4074 

 Sunrise of Windsor 

 Windsor 

 ON 

 — 

 1,813 

 20,882 

 404 

 1,833 

 21,266 

 23,099 

 3,778 

 19,321 

 2001 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4004 

 Sunrise of Abington 

 Abington 

 PA 

 23,911 

 1,838 

 53,660 

 1,140 

 1,874 

 54,764 

 56,638 

 9,750 

 46,888 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4041 

 Sunrise of Blue Bell 

 Blue Bell 

 PA 

 8,751 

 1,765 

 23,920 

 1,179 

 1,814 

 25,050 

 26,864 

 4,746 

 22,118 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4022 

 Sunrise of Exton 

 Exton 

 PA 

 — 

 1,123 

 17,765 

 616 

 1,151 

 18,353 

 19,504 

 3,587 

 15,917 

 2000 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4007 

 Sunrise of Haverford 

 Haverford 

 PA 

 7,502 

 941 

 25,872 

 959 

 957 

 26,815 

 27,772 

 4,765 

 23,007 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4003 

 Sunrise at Granite Run 

 Media 

 PA 

 11,546 

 1,272 

 31,781 

 1,099 

 1,281 

 32,871 

 34,152 

 5,691 

 28,461 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4020 

 Sunrise of Westtown 

 West Chester 

 PA 

 — 

 1,547 

 22,996 

 604 

 1,566 

 23,581 

 25,147 

 4,843 

 20,304 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4087 

 Sunrise of Lower Makefield 

 Yardley 

 PA 

 — 

 3,165 

 21,337 

 — 

 3,165 

 21,337 

 24,502 

 500 

 24,002 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4037 

 Sunrise of Hillcrest 

 Dallas 

 TX 

 — 

 2,616 

 27,680 

 288 

 2,624 

 27,960 

 30,584 

 5,019 

 25,565 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4083 

 Sunrise of Fort Worth 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 — 

 2,024 

 18,587 

 — 

 2,024 

 18,587 

 20,611 

 427 

 20,184 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4093 

 Sunrise of Frisco 

 Frisco 

 TX 

 — 

 2,523 

 14,547 

 — 

 2,523 

 14,547 

 17,070 

 304 

 16,766 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4082 

 Sunrise of Cinco Ranch 

 Katy 

 TX 

 — 

 2,512 

 21,600 

 — 

 2,512 

 21,600 

 24,112 

 490 

 23,622 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4084 

 Sunrise of Holladay 

 Holladay 

 UT 

 — 

 2,542 

 44,771 

 — 

 2,542 

 44,771 

 47,313 

 1,012 

 46,301 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4065 

 Sunrise of Sandy 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 — 

 2,576 

 22,987 

 (181 

 ) 

 2,608 

 22,774 

 25,382 

 4,191 

 21,191 

 2007 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4039 

 Sunrise of Alexandria 

 Alexandria 

 VA 

 5,519 

 88 

 14,811 

 766 

 123 

 15,542 

 15,665 

 3,356 

 12,309 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 167 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 4026 

 Sunrise of Richmond 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 1,120 

 17,446 

 816 

 1,138 

 18,244 

 19,382 

 3,540 

 15,842 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 4080 

 Sunrise of Bon Air 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 2,047 

 22,079 

 — 

 2,047 

 22,079 

 24,126 

 521 

 23,605 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 4000 

 Sunrise of Springfield 

 Springfield 

 VA 

 8,590 

 4,440 

 18,834 

 954 

 4,454 

 19,774 

 24,228 

 3,685 

 20,543 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 TOTAL FOR SUNRISE SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 511,956 

 254,131 

 2,599,161 

 66,833 

 255,887 

 2,664,238 

 2,920,125 

 433,329 

 2,486,796 

 ATRIA SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 8248 

 Atria Regency 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 — 

 950 

 11,897 

 508 

 950 

 12,405 

 13,355 

 880 

 12,475 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8270 

 Atria Campana Del Rio 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 5,861 

 37,284 

 271 

 5,861 

 37,555 

 43,416 

 2,628 

 40,788 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8272 

 Atria Valley Manor 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,709 

 60 

 120 

 1,709 

 180 

 1,889 

 43 

 1,846 

 1963 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8342 

 Atria Bell Court Gardens 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 19,162 

 3,010 

 30,969 

 166 

 3,010 

 31,135 

 34,145 

 1,916 

 32,229 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8584 

 Atria Chandler Villas 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 8,057 

 3,650 

 8,450 

 280 

 3,655 

 8,725 

 12,380 

 903 

 11,477 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8502 

 Atria Covina 

 Covina 

 CA 

 — 

 170 

 4,131 

 132 

 170 

 4,263 

 4,433 

 361 

 4,072 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8510 

 Atria Chateau Gardens 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 — 

 39 

 487 

 202 

 39 

 689 

 728 

 199 

 529 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8517 

 Atria Collwood 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 290 

 10,650 

 203 

 290 

 10,853 

 11,143 

 780 

 10,363 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8523 

 Atria Palm Desert 

 Palm Desert 

 CA 

 — 

 2,887 

 9,843 

 607 

 3,057 

 10,280 

 13,337 

 1,068 

 12,269 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8529 

 Atria Covell Gardens 

 Davis 

 CA 

 19,915 

 2,163 

 39,657 

 3,015 

 2,236 

 42,599 

 44,835 

 2,450 

 42,385 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8532 

 Atria Golden Creek 

 Irvine 

 CA 

 — 

 6,900 

 23,544 

 363 

 6,905 

 23,902 

 30,807 

 1,639 

 29,168 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8533 

 Atria Hillcrest 

 Thousand Oaks 

 CA 

 20,985 

 6,020 

 25,635 

 4,963 

 6,020 

 30,598 

 36,618 

 1,610 

 35,008 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8538 

 Atria Bayside Landing 

 Stockton 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 467 

 139 

 — 

 606 

 606 

 192 

 414 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8541 

 Atria Chateau San Juan 

 San Juan Capistrano 

 CA 

 — 

 5,110 

 29,436 

 7,793 

 5,295 

 37,044 

 42,339 

 2,125 

 40,214 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8544 

 Atria El Camino Gardens 

 Carmichael 

 CA 

 — 

 6,930 

 32,318 

 458 

 6,971 

 32,735 

 39,706 

 2,038 

 37,668 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8545 

 Atria Hacienda 

 Palm Desert 

 CA 

 — 

 6,680 

 85,900 

 1,046 

 6,692 

 86,934 

 93,626 

 4,573 

 89,053 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8546 

 Atria Hillsdale 

 San Mateo 

 CA 

 — 

 5,240 

 15,956 

 233 

 5,240 

 16,189 

 21,429 

 1,047 

 20,382 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8553 

 Atria Rancho Park 

 San Dimas 

 CA 

 — 

 4,066 

 14,306 

 269 

 4,070 

 14,571 

 18,641 

 1,105 

 17,536 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8554 

 Atria Tamalpais Creek 

 Novato 

 CA 

 — 

 5,812 

 24,703 

 189 

 5,817 

 24,887 

 30,704 

 1,454 

 29,250 

 1978 

 2011 

 35 years 

 168 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 8559 

 Atria Del Rey 

 Rancho Cucamonga 

 CA 

 — 

 3,290 

 17,427 

 4,059 

 3,441 

 21,335 

 24,776 

 1,405 

 23,371 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8560 

 Atria Del Sol 

 Mission Viejo 

 CA 

 5,742 

 3,500 

 12,458 

 304 

 3,500 

 12,762 

 16,262 

 763 

 15,499 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8561 

 Atria Encinitas 

 Encinitas 

 CA 

 — 

 5,880 

 9,212 

 276 

 5,880 

 9,488 

 15,368 

 677 

 14,691 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8563 

 Atria Willow Glen 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 — 

 8,521 

 43,168 

 1,208 

 8,526 

 44,371 

 52,897 

 1,558 

 51,339 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8575 

 Atria Burlingame 

 Burlingame 

 CA 

 7,546 

 2,494 

 12,373 

 299 

 2,494 

 12,672 

 15,166 

 809 

 14,357 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8578 

 Atria Sunnyvale 

 Sunnyvale 

 CA 

 8,674 

 6,120 

 30,068 

 866 

 6,211 

 30,843 

 37,054 

 1,814 

 35,240 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8579 

 Atria Montego Heights 

 Walnut Creek 

 CA 

 — 

 6,910 

 15,797 

 177 

 6,910 

 15,974 

 22,884 

 1,300 

 21,584 

 1978 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8580 

 Atria Daly City 

 Daly City 

 CA 

 7,668 

 3,090 

 13,448 

 39 

 3,090 

 13,487 

 16,577 

 863 

 15,714 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8582 

 Atria Valley View 

 Walnut Creek 

 CA 

 18,698 

 7,139 

 53,914 

 425 

 7,141 

 54,337 

 61,478 

 4,554 

 56,924 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8585 

 Atria Las Posas 

 Camarillo 

 CA 

 — 

 4,500 

 28,436 

 166 

 4,500 

 28,602 

 33,102 

 1,710 

 31,392 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8601 

 Atria Woodbridge 

 Irvine 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 5 

 — 

 — 

 5 

 5 

 — 

 5 

 1997 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8603 

 Atria Inn at Lakewood 

 Lakewood 

 CO 

 22,838 

 6,281 

 50,095 

 212 

 6,281 

 50,307 

 56,588 

 2,779 

 53,809 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8261 

 Atria Vistas in Longmont 

 Longmont 

 CO 

 — 

 2,807 

 24,877 

 — 

 2,807 

 24,877 

 27,684 

 677 

 27,007 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8311 

 Atria Stratford 

 Stratford 

 CT 

 15,939 

 3,210 

 27,865 

 498 

 3,210 

 28,363 

 31,573 

 1,784 

 29,789 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8434 

 Atria Darien 

 Darien 

 CT 

 20,879 

 653 

 37,587 

 873 

 653 

 38,460 

 39,113 

 2,207 

 36,906 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8435 

 Atria Stamford 

 Stamford 

 CT 

 38,849 

 1,200 

 62,432 

 2,592 

 1,233 

 64,991 

 66,224 

 3,603 

 62,621 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8725 

 Atria Crossroads Place 

 Waterford 

 CT 

 25,044 

 2,401 

 36,495 

 280 

 2,401 

 36,775 

 39,176 

 2,105 

 37,071 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8726 

 Atria Greenridge Place 

 Rocky Hill 

 CT 

 17,294 

 2,170 

 32,553 

 351 

 2,172 

 32,902 

 35,074 

 1,884 

 33,190 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8727 

 Atria Hamilton Heights 

 West Hartford 

 CT 

 14,074 

 3,120 

 14,674 

 798 

 3,151 

 15,441 

 18,592 

 1,227 

 17,365 

 1904 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8728 

 Atria Larson Place 

 Hamden 

 CT 

 11,519 

 1,850 

 16,098 

 209 

 1,865 

 16,292 

 18,157 

 1,155 

 17,002 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8229 

 Atria San Pablo 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 5,865 

 1,620 

 14,920 

 102 

 1,629 

 15,013 

 16,642 

 897 

 15,745 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8343 

 Atria Meridian 

 Lake Worth 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 10 

 — 

 — 

 10 

 10 

 — 

 10 

 1986 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8233 

 The Heritage at Lake Forest 

 Sanford 

 FL 

 — 

 3,589 

 32,586 

 999 

 3,589 

 33,585 

 37,174 

 1,470 

 35,704 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8274 

 Atria Evergreen Woods 

 Spring Hill 

 FL 

 10,689 

 2,370 

 28,371 

 742 

 2,379 

 29,104 

 31,483 

 2,036 

 29,447 

 1981 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8276 

 Atria Windsor Woods 

 Hudson 

 FL 

 — 

 1,610 

 32,432 

 370 

 1,612 

 32,800 

 34,412 

 2,224 

 32,188 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8537 

 Atria Baypoint Village 

 Hudson 

 FL 

 16,783 

 2,083 

 28,841 

 446 

 2,088 

 29,282 

 31,370 

 2,156 

 29,214 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 169 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 8210 

 Atria Johnson Ferry 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 3,781 

 990 

 6,453 

 71 

 990 

 6,524 

 7,514 

 469 

 7,045 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8268 

 Atria Buckhead 

 Atlanta 

 GA 

 — 

 3,660 

 5,274 

 156 

 3,660 

 5,430 

 9,090 

 499 

 8,591 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8240 

 Atria Newburgh 

 Newburgh 

 IN 

 — 

 1,150 

 22,880 

 162 

 1,150 

 23,042 

 24,192 

 1,349 

 22,843 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8249 

 Atria Hearthstone East 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 — 

 1,150 

 20,544 

 207 

 1,167 

 20,734 

 21,901 

 1,299 

 20,602 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8277 

 Atria Hearthstone West 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 9,226 

 1,230 

 28,379 

 497 

 1,230 

 28,876 

 30,106 

 1,936 

 28,170 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8209 

 Atria St. Matthews 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 7,706 

 939 

 9,274 

 367 

 939 

 9,641 

 10,580 

 844 

 9,736 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8228 

 Atria Elizabethtown 

 Elizabethtown 

 KY 

 5,484 

 850 

 12,510 

 113 

 856 

 12,617 

 13,473 

 775 

 12,698 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8235 

 Atria Highland Crossing 

 Fort Wright 

 KY 

 11,522 

 1,677 

 14,393 

 339 

 1,680 

 14,729 

 16,409 

 1,162 

 15,247 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8245 

 Atria Summit Hills 

 Crestview Hills 

 KY 

 6,334 

 1,780 

 15,769 

 376 

 1,784 

 16,141 

 17,925 

 1,050 

 16,875 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8246 

 Atria Stony Brook 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 1,860 

 17,561 

 136 

 1,867 

 17,690 

 19,557 

 1,159 

 18,398 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8258 

 Atria Springdale 

 Louisville 

 KY 

 — 

 1,410 

 16,702 

 167 

 1,410 

 16,869 

 18,279 

 1,108 

 17,171 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8162 

 Atria Falmouth 

 Falmouth 

 MA 

 30,000 

 4,630 

 — 

 14,897 

 4,630 

 14,897 

 19,527 

 — 

 19,527 

 CIP 

 2011 

 CIP 

 8230 

 Atria Woodbriar 

 Falmouth 

 MA 

 14,254 

 1,970 

 43,693 

 148 

 1,974 

 43,837 

 45,811 

 2,365 

 43,446 

 1975 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8730 

 Atria Fairhaven (Alden) 

 Fairhaven 

 MA 

 11,834 

 1,100 

 16,093 

 128 

 1,100 

 16,221 

 17,321 

 947 

 16,374 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8731 

 Atria Draper Place 

 Hopedale 

 MA 

 13,791 

 1,140 

 17,794 

 185 

 1,154 

 17,965 

 19,119 

 1,091 

 18,028 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8733 

 Atria Longmeadow Place 

 Burlington 

 MA 

 23,552 

 5,310 

 58,021 

 298 

 5,310 

 58,319 

 63,629 

 3,177 

 60,452 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8735 

 Atria Marina Place 

 North Quincy 

 MA 

 29,339 

 2,590 

 33,899 

 169 

 2,605 

 34,053 

 36,658 

 2,055 

 34,603 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8736 

 Atria Marland Place 

 Andover 

 MA 

 — 

 1,831 

 34,592 

 435 

 1,834 

 35,024 

 36,858 

 2,065 

 34,793 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8737 

 Atria Merrimack Place 

 Newburyport 

 MA 

 19,533 

 2,774 

 40,645 

 205 

 2,774 

 40,850 

 43,624 

 2,213 

 41,411 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8332 

 Atria Manresa 

 Annapolis 

 MD 

 6,419 

 4,193 

 19,000 

 190 

 4,193 

 19,190 

 23,383 

 1,153 

 22,230 

 1920 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8333 

 Atria Salisbury 

 Salisbury 

 MD 

 6,157 

 1,940 

 24,500 

 148 

 1,940 

 24,648 

 26,588 

 1,373 

 25,215 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8241 

 Atria Kennebunk 

 Kennebunk 

 ME 

 — 

 1,090 

 23,496 

 106 

 1,090 

 23,602 

 24,692 

 1,429 

 23,263 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8548 

 Atria Kinghaven 

 Riverview 

 MI 

 14,211 

 1,440 

 26,260 

 182 

 1,471 

 26,411 

 27,882 

 1,803 

 26,079 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8522 

 Atria Shorehaven 

 Sterling Heights 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 8 

 — 

 — 

 8 

 8 

 — 

 8 

 1989 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8305 

 Atria Merrywood 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 1,678 

 36,892 

 373 

 1,678 

 37,265 

 38,943 

 2,427 

 36,516 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8319 

 Atria Cranford 

 Cranford 

 NJ 

 27,330 

 8,260 

 61,411 

 409 

 8,295 

 61,785 

 70,080 

 3,560 

 66,520 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8335 

 Atria Tinton Falls 

 Tinton Falls 

 NJ 

 — 

 6,580 

 13,258 

 372 

 6,584 

 13,626 

 20,210 

 1,064 

 19,146 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8562 

 Atria Vista de Rio 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 — 

 36 

 — 

 — 

 36 

 36 

 — 

 36 

 1997 

 2012 

 35 years 

 170 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 8524 

 Atria Summit Ridge 

 Reno 

 NV 

 — 

 4 

 407 

 75 

 4 

 482 

 486 

 183 

 303 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8525 

 Atria Sunlake 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 7 

 732 

 178 

 7 

 910 

 917 

 327 

 590 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8526 

 Atria Sutton 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 — 

 863 

 252 

 12 

 1,103 

 1,115 

 376 

 739 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8587 

 Atria Seville 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 — 

 — 

 796 

 155 

 — 

 951 

 951 

 330 

 621 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8269 

 Atria Hertlin House 

 Lake Ronkonkoma 

 NY 

 — 

 7,886 

 16,391 

 — 

 7,886 

 16,391 

 24,277 

 — 

 24,277 

 2002 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8309 

 Atria 86th Street 

 New York 

 NY 

 — 

 80 

 73,685 

 1,749 

 80 

 75,434 

 75,514 

 4,391 

 71,123 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8310 

 Atria Great Neck 

 Great Neck 

 NY 

 14,871 

 3,390 

 54,051 

 256 

 3,390 

 54,307 

 57,697 

 2,964 

 54,733 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8312 

 Atria Kew Gardens 

 Jamaica 

 NY 

 29,013 

 3,051 

 66,013 

 1,143 

 3,051 

 67,156 

 70,207 

 3,594 

 66,613 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8313 

 Atria Briarcliff Manor 

 Briarcliff Manor 

 NY 

 14,832 

 6,560 

 33,885 

 248 

 6,585 

 34,108 

 40,693 

 2,050 

 38,643 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8314 

 Atria Riverdale 

 Bronx 

 NY 

 22,511 

 1,020 

 24,149 

 486 

 1,035 

 24,620 

 25,655 

 1,660 

 23,995 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8321 

 Atria Shaker 

 Albany 

 NY 

 12,780 

 1,520 

 29,667 

 286 

 1,520 

 29,953 

 31,473 

 1,772 

 29,701 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8323 

 Atria South Setauket 

 South Setauket 

 NY 

 — 

 8,450 

 14,534 

 330 

 8,770 

 14,544 

 23,314 

 1,346 

 21,968 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8325 

 Atria Huntington 

 Huntington Station 

 NY 

 6,686 

 8,190 

 1,169 

 216 

 8,207 

 1,368 

 9,575 

 443 

 9,132 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8327 

 Atria Penfield 

 Penfield 

 NY 

 — 

 620 

 22,036 

 82 

 620 

 22,118 

 22,738 

 1,334 

 21,404 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8328 

 Atria Greece 

 Rochester 

 NY 

 — 

 410 

 14,967 

 347 

 412 

 15,312 

 15,724 

 930 

 14,794 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8329 

 Atria Lynbrook 

 Lynbrook 

 NY 

 6,873 

 3,145 

 5,489 

 198 

 3,147 

 5,685 

 8,832 

 586 

 8,246 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8330 

 Atria Crossgate 

 Albany 

 NY 

 4,435 

 1,080 

 20,599 

 82 

 1,080 

 20,681 

 21,761 

 1,306 

 20,455 

 1980 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8331 

 Atria East Northport 

 East Northport 

 NY 

 — 

 9,960 

 34,467 

 761 

 9,960 

 35,228 

 45,188 

 2,171 

 43,017 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8436 

 Atria Rye Brook 

 Rye Brook 

 NY 

 45,038 

 9,660 

 74,936 

 377 

 9,665 

 75,308 

 84,973 

 4,218 

 80,755 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8437 

 Atria on Roslyn Harbor 

 Roslyn 

 NY 

 65,325 

 12,909 

 72,720 

 457 

 12,909 

 73,177 

 86,086 

 3,982 

 82,104 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8438 

 Atria Cutter Mill 

 Great Neck 

 NY 

 36,090 

 2,750 

 47,919 

 294 

 2,753 

 48,210 

 50,963 

 2,765 

 48,198 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8439 

 Atria Glen Cove 

 Glen Cove 

 NY 

 11,420 

 2,035 

 25,190 

 602 

 2,049 

 25,778 

 27,827 

 2,657 

 25,170 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8455 

 Atria Bay Shore 

 Bay Shore 

 NY 

 15,275 

 4,440 

 31,983 

 330 

 4,440 

 32,313 

 36,753 

 1,876 

 34,877 

 1900 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8458 

 Atria Forest Hills 

 Forest Hills 

 NY 

 — 

 2,050 

 16,680 

 221 

 2,050 

 16,901 

 18,951 

 1,050 

 17,901 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8461 

 Atria Plainview 

 Plainview 

 NY 

 14,030 

 2,480 

 16,060 

 129 

 2,490 

 16,179 

 18,669 

 1,037 

 17,632 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8464 

 Atria Tanglewood 

 Lynbrook 

 NY 

 26,700 

 4,120 

 37,348 

 173 

 4,138 

 37,503 

 41,641 

 2,104 

 39,537 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8467 

 Atria Woodlands 

 Ardsley 

 NY 

 47,637 

 7,660 

 65,581 

 380 

 7,682 

 65,939 

 73,621 

 3,769 

 69,852 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 171 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 8738 

 Atria Guilderland 

 Slingerlands 

 NY 

 — 

 1,170 

 22,414 

 90 

 1,171 

 22,503 

 23,674 

 1,327 

 22,347 

 1950 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8739 

 Atria on the Hudson 

 Ossining 

 NY 

 — 

 8,123 

 63,089 

 1,773 

 8,137 

 64,848 

 72,985 

 3,869 

 69,116 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8521 

 Atria Northgate Park 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1985 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8338 

 Atria Bethlehem 

 Bethlehem 

 PA 

 — 

 2,479 

 22,870 

 174 

 2,479 

 23,044 

 25,523 

 1,514 

 24,009 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8339 

 Atria South Hills 

 Pittsburgh 

 PA 

 4,976 

 880 

 10,884 

 208 

 895 

 11,077 

 11,972 

 833 

 11,139 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8433 

 Atria Center City 

 Philadelphia 

 PA 

 24,272 

 3,460 

 18,291 

 586 

 3,460 

 18,877 

 22,337 

 1,346 

 20,991 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8742 

 Atria Woodbridge Place 

 Phoenixville 

 PA 

 12,105 

 1,510 

 19,130 

 147 

 1,510 

 19,277 

 20,787 

 1,219 

 19,568 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8602 

 Atria Bay Spring Village 

 Barrington 

 RI 

 13,786 

 2,000 

 33,400 

 1,405 

 2,066 

 34,739 

 36,805 

 2,230 

 34,575 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8743 

 Atria Aquidneck Place 

 Portsmouth 

 RI 

 — 

 2,810 

 31,623 

 167 

 2,810 

 31,790 

 34,600 

 1,674 

 32,926 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8744 

 Atria Harborhill Place 

 East Greenwich 

 RI 

 — 

 2,089 

 21,702 

 128 

 2,110 

 21,809 

 23,919 

 1,260 

 22,659 

 1835 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8745 

 Atria Lincoln Place 

 Lincoln 

 RI 

 — 

 1,440 

 12,686 

 133 

 1,451 

 12,808 

 14,259 

 902 

 13,357 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8263 

 Atria Forest Lake 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 5,390 

 670 

 13,946 

 130 

 680 

 14,066 

 14,746 

 858 

 13,888 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8205 

 Atria Weston Place 

 Knoxville 

 TN 

 10,015 

 793 

 7,961 

 159 

 800 

 8,113 

 8,913 

 652 

 8,261 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8542 

 Atria Collier Park 

 Beaumont 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 1996 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8215 

 Atria Cypresswood 

 Spring 

 TX 

 9,556 

 880 

 9,192 

 78 

 880 

 9,270 

 10,150 

 628 

 9,522 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8218 

 Atria Kingwood 

 Kingwood 

 TX 

 — 

 1,170 

 4,518 

 57 

 1,170 

 4,575 

 5,745 

 417 

 5,328 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8234 

 Atria Copeland 

 Tyler 

 TX 

 10,358 

 1,879 

 17,901 

 133 

 1,879 

 18,034 

 19,913 

 1,165 

 18,748 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8243 

 Atria Carrollton 

 Carrollton 

 TX 

 7,708 

 360 

 20,465 

 227 

 360 

 20,692 

 21,052 

 1,269 

 19,783 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8247 

 Atria Grapevine 

 Grapevine 

 TX 

 — 

 2,070 

 23,104 

 87 

 2,070 

 23,191 

 25,261 

 1,412 

 23,849 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8252 

 Atria Sugar Land 

 Sugar Land 

 TX 

 — 

 970 

 17,542 

 425 

 970 

 17,967 

 18,937 

 1,044 

 17,893 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8254 

 Atria Westchase 

 Houston 

 TX 

 6,842 

 2,318 

 22,278 

 96 

 2,318 

 22,374 

 24,692 

 1,395 

 23,297 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8257 

 Atria Richardson 

 Richardson 

 TX 

 — 

 1,590 

 23,662 

 220 

 1,590 

 23,882 

 25,472 

 1,428 

 24,044 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8266 

 Atria Willow Park 

 Tyler 

 TX 

 — 

 920 

 31,271 

 243 

 920 

 31,514 

 32,434 

 2,052 

 30,382 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8284 

 AtrIA Village at Arboretum 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 8,280 

 61,764 

 — 

 8,280 

 61,764 

 70,044 

 — 

 70,044 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 8278 

 Atria Sandy 

 Sandy 

 UT 

 13,502 

 3,356 

 18,805 

 421 

 3,447 

 19,135 

 22,582 

 1,481 

 21,101 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 8239 

 Atria Virginia Beach (Hilltop) 

 Virginia Beach 

 VA 

 — 

 1,749 

 33,004 

 169 

 1,749 

 33,173 

 34,922 

 2,023 

 32,899 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 172 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 TOTAL FOR ATRIA SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 1,048,719 

 373,560 

 3,064,991 

 75,147 

 375,259 

 3,138,439 

 3,513,698 

 188,259 

 3,325,439 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 OTHER SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 3880 

 Elmcroft of Grayson Valley 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 — 

 1,040 

 19,145 

 56 

 1,040 

 19,201 

 20,241 

 917 

 19,324 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3873 

 Elmcroft of Byrd Springs 

 Hunstville 

 AL 

 — 

 1,720 

 11,270 

 240 

 1,720 

 11,510 

 13,230 

 584 

 12,646 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3881 

 Elmcroft of Heritage Woods 

 Mobile 

 AL 

 — 

 1,020 

 10,241 

 122 

 1,020 

 10,363 

 11,383 

 540 

 10,843 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3800 

 Elmcroft of Halcyon 

 Montgomery 

 AL 

 — 

 220 

 5,476 

 — 

 220 

 5,476 

 5,696 

 965 

 4,731 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7635 

 Rosewood Manor (AL) 

 Scottsboro 

 AL 

 — 

 680 

 4,038 

 — 

 680 

 4,038 

 4,718 

 201 

 4,517 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7567 

 The Arches 

 Benton 

 AR 

 — 

 330 

 1,462 

 — 

 330 

 1,462 

 1,792 

 97 

 1,695 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3821 

 Elmcroft of Blytheville 

 Blytheville 

 AR 

 — 

 294 

 2,946 

 — 

 294 

 2,946 

 3,240 

 519 

 2,721 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3605 

 West Shores 

 Hot Springs 

 AR 

 — 

 1,326 

 10,904 

 — 

 1,326 

 10,904 

 12,230 

 2,395 

 9,835 

 1988 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3822 

 Elmcroft of Maumelle 

 Maumelle 

 AR 

 — 

 1,252 

 7,601 

 — 

 1,252 

 7,601 

 8,853 

 1,339 

 7,514 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3823 

 Elmcroft of Mountain Home 

 Mountain Home 

 AR 

 — 

 204 

 8,971 

 — 

 204 

 8,971 

 9,175 

 1,581 

 7,594 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3825 

 Elmcroft of Sherwood 

 Sherwood 

 AR 

 — 

 1,320 

 5,693 

 — 

 1,320 

 5,693 

 7,013 

 1,003 

 6,010 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7301 

 Chandler Memory Care Community 

 Chandler 

 AZ 

 — 

 2,910 

 — 

 9,066 

 3,094 

 8,882 

 11,976 

 325 

 11,651 

 2011 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3601 

 Cottonwood Village 

 Cottonwood 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,200 

 15,124 

 — 

 1,200 

 15,124 

 16,324 

 3,292 

 13,032 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7308 

 Silver Creek Inn Memory Care Community 

 Gilbert 

 AZ 

 — 

 890 

 5,918 

 — 

 890 

 5,918 

 6,808 

 106 

 6,702 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 173 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 7010 

 Arbor Rose 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,100 

 11,880 

 2,434 

 1,100 

 14,314 

 15,414 

 827 

 14,587 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3894 

 Elmcroft of Tempe 

 Tempe 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,090 

 12,942 

 209 

 1,090 

 13,151 

 14,241 

 656 

 13,585 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3891 

 Elmcroft of River Centre 

 Tucson 

 AZ 

 — 

 1,940 

 5,195 

 82 

 1,940 

 5,277 

 7,217 

 321 

 6,896 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2803 

 Emeritus at Fairwood Manor 

 Anaheim 

 CA 

 — 

 2,464 

 7,908 

 — 

 2,464 

 7,908 

 10,372 

 2,070 

 8,302 

 1977 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7072 

 Careage Banning 

 Banning 

 CA 

 — 

 2,970 

 16,037 

 — 

 2,970 

 16,037 

 19,007 

 850 

 18,157 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3811 

 Las Villas Del Carlsbad 

 Carlsbad 

 CA 

 — 

 1,760 

 30,469 

 — 

 1,760 

 30,469 

 32,229 

 5,368 

 26,861 

 1987 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2245 

 Villa Bonita 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 — 

 1,610 

 9,169 

 — 

 1,610 

 9,169 

 10,779 

 512 

 10,267 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2813 

 Emeritus at Barrington Court 

 Danville 

 CA 

 — 

 360 

 4,640 

 — 

 360 

 4,640 

 5,000 

 945 

 4,055 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3805 

 Las Villas Del Norte 

 Escondido 

 CA 

 — 

 2,791 

 32,632 

 — 

 2,791 

 32,632 

 35,423 

 5,749 

 29,674 

 1986 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7480 

 Alder Bay Assisted Living 

 Eureka 

 CA 

 — 

 1,170 

 5,228 

 (70 

 ) 

 1,170 

 5,158 

 6,328 

 287 

 6,041 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3808 

 Elmcroft of La Mesa 

 La Mesa 

 CA 

 — 

 2,431 

 6,101 

 — 

 2,431 

 6,101 

 8,532 

 1,075 

 7,457 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3810 

 Grossmont Gardens 

 La Mesa 

 CA 

 — 

 9,104 

 59,349 

 — 

 9,104 

 59,349 

 68,453 

 10,457 

 57,996 

 1964 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3809 

 Mountview Retirement Residence 

 Montrose 

 CA 

 — 

 1,089 

 15,449 

 — 

 1,089 

 15,449 

 16,538 

 2,722 

 13,816 

 1974 

 2006 

 35 years 

 1701 

 Villa de Palma 

 Placentia 

 CA 

 — 

 1,260 

 10,174 

 — 

 1,260 

 10,174 

 11,434 

 553 

 10,881 

 1982 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2244 

 Wellington Place 

 Rancho Mirage 

 CA 

 — 

 6,800 

 3,637 

 — 

 6,800 

 3,637 

 10,437 

 319 

 10,118 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7481 

 The Vistas 

 Redding 

 CA 

 — 

 1,290 

 22,033 

 — 

 1,290 

 22,033 

 23,323 

 1,066 

 22,257 

 2007 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2815 

 Emeritus at Roseville Gardens 

 Roseville 

 CA 

 — 

 220 

 2,380 

 — 

 220 

 2,380 

 2,600 

 488 

 2,112 

 1996 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3807 

 Elmcroft of Point Loma 

 San Diego 

 CA 

 — 

 2,117 

 6,865 

 — 

 2,117 

 6,865 

 8,982 

 1,210 

 7,772 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2243 

 Land of Cortese Assisted Living 

 San Jose 

 CA 

 — 

 2,700 

 7,994 

 — 

 2,700 

 7,994 

 10,694 

 518 

 10,176 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1700 

 Villa del Obispo 

 San Juan Capistrano 

 CA 

 — 

 2,660 

 9,560 

 — 

 2,660 

 9,560 

 12,220 

 510 

 11,710 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3604 

 Villa Santa Barbara 

 Santa Barbara 

 CA 

 — 

 1,219 

 12,426 

 — 

 1,219 

 12,426 

 13,645 

 2,719 

 10,926 

 1977 

 2005 

 35 years 

 1702 

 Maria del Sol 

 Santa Maria 

 CA 

 — 

 1,950 

 1,726 

 — 

 1,950 

 1,726 

 3,676 

 210 

 3,466 

 1967 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7013 

 Eagle Lake Village 

 Susanville 

 CA 

 — 

 1,165 

 6,719 

 — 

 1,165 

 6,719 

 7,884 

 110 

 7,774 

 2006 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2804 

 Emeritus at Heritage Place 

 Tracy 

 CA 

 — 

 1,110 

 13,296 

 — 

 1,110 

 13,296 

 14,406 

 3,103 

 11,303 

 1986 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2242 

 Buena Vista Knolls 

 Vista 

 CA 

 — 

 1,630 

 5,640 

 52 

 1,630 

 5,692 

 7,322 

 344 

 6,978 

 1980 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3806 

 Rancho Vista 

 Vista 

 CA 

 — 

 6,730 

 21,828 

 — 

 6,730 

 21,828 

 28,558 

 3,846 

 24,712 

 1982 

 2006 

 35 years 

 1712 

 Westminster Terrace 

 Westminster 

 CA 

 — 

 1,700 

 11,514 

 — 

 1,700 

 11,514 

 13,214 

 566 

 12,648 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 174 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 7011 

 Caley Ridge 

 Englewood 

 CO 

 — 

 1,157 

 13,133 

 — 

 1,157 

 13,133 

 14,290 

 215 

 14,075 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 7485 

 Garden Square at Westlake 

 Greeley 

 CO 

 — 

 630 

 8,211 

 — 

 630 

 8,211 

 8,841 

 419 

 8,422 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7486 

 Garden Square of Greeley 

 Greeley 

 CO 

 — 

 330 

 2,735 

 — 

 330 

 2,735 

 3,065 

 145 

 2,920 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7110 

 Devonshire Acres 

 Sterling 

 CO 

 — 

 950 

 13,569 

 (3,501 

 ) 

 950 

 10,068 

 11,018 

 527 

 10,491 

 1979 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7292 

 Gardenside Terrace 

 Brandford 

 CT 

 — 

 7,000 

 31,518 

 — 

 7,000 

 31,518 

 38,518 

 1,526 

 36,992 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7291 

 Hearth at Tuxis Pond 

 Madison 

 CT 

 — 

 1,610 

 44,322 

 — 

 1,610 

 44,322 

 45,932 

 2,041 

 43,891 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2802 

 Emeritus at South Windsor 

 South Windsor 

 CT 

 — 

 2,187 

 12,682 

 — 

 2,187 

 12,682 

 14,869 

 3,226 

 11,643 

 1999 

 2004 

 35 years 

 7636 

 Forsyth House 

 Milton 

 FL 

 — 

 610 

 6,503 

 — 

 610 

 6,503 

 7,113 

 318 

 6,795 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7120 

 Hampton Manor Belleview 

 Belleview 

 FL 

 — 

 390 

 8,337 

 — 

 390 

 8,337 

 8,727 

 424 

 8,303 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2807 

 Emeritus at Bonita Springs 

 Bonita Springs 

 FL 

 9,272 

 1,540 

 10,783 

 — 

 1,540 

 10,783 

 12,323 

 3,207 

 9,116 

 1989 

 2005 

 35 years 

 2808 

 Emeritus at Boynton Beach 

 Boynton Beach 

 FL 

 14,210 

 2,317 

 16,218 

 — 

 2,317 

 16,218 

 18,535 

 4,631 

 13,904 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7638 

 Sabal House 

 Cantonment 

 FL 

 — 

 430 

 5,902 

 — 

 430 

 5,902 

 6,332 

 292 

 6,040 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7231 

 Bristol Park of Coral Springs 

 Coral Springs 

 FL 

 — 

 3,280 

 11,877 

 — 

 3,280 

 11,877 

 15,157 

 624 

 14,533 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2809 

 Emeritus at Deer Creek 

 Deerfield 

 FL 

 — 

 1,399 

 9,791 

 — 

 1,399 

 9,791 

 11,190 

 3,169 

 8,021 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7639 

 Stanley House 

 Defuniak Springs 

 FL 

 — 

 410 

 5,659 

 — 

 410 

 5,659 

 6,069 

 280 

 5,789 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7520 

 The Peninsula 

 Hollywood 

 FL 

 — 

 3,660 

 9,122 

 — 

 3,660 

 9,122 

 12,782 

 554 

 12,228 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3801 

 Elmcroft of Timberlin Parc 

 Jacksonville 

 FL 

 — 

 455 

 5,905 

 — 

 455 

 5,905 

 6,360 

 1,040 

 5,320 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2810 

 Emeritus at Jensen Beach 

 Jensen Beach 

 FL 

 12,751 

 1,831 

 12,820 

 — 

 1,831 

 12,820 

 14,651 

 3,796 

 10,855 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3970 

 The Carlisle Naples 

 Naples 

 FL 

 37,079 

 8,406 

 78,091 

 — 

 8,406 

 78,091 

 86,497 

 3,228 

 83,269 

 N/A 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7121 

 Hampton Manor at 24th Road 

 Ocala 

 FL 

 — 

 690 

 8,767 

 — 

 690 

 8,767 

 9,457 

 429 

 9,028 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7122 

 Hampton Manor at Deerwood 

 Ocala 

 FL 

 — 

 790 

 5,605 

 — 

 790 

 5,605 

 6,395 

 307 

 6,088 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1707 

 Outlook Pointe at Pensacola 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 — 

 2,230 

 2,362 

 — 

 2,230 

 2,362 

 4,592 

 193 

 4,399 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7637 

 Magnolia House 

 Quincy 

 FL 

 — 

 400 

 5,190 

 — 

 400 

 5,190 

 5,590 

 262 

 5,328 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1708 

 Outlook Pointe at Tallahassee 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 — 

 2,430 

 17,745 

 — 

 2,430 

 17,745 

 20,175 

 914 

 19,261 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1714 

 Magnolia Place 

 Tallahassee 

 FL 

 — 

 640 

 8,013 

 — 

 640 

 8,013 

 8,653 

 384 

 8,269 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7230 

 Bristol Park of Tamarac 

 Tamarac 

 FL 

 — 

 3,920 

 14,130 

 — 

 3,920 

 14,130 

 18,050 

 718 

 17,332 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 175 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3874 

 Elmcroft of Carrolwood 

 Tampa 

 FL 

 — 

 5,410 

 20,944 

 388 

 5,410 

 21,332 

 26,742 

 1,018 

 25,724 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7410 

 Augusta Gardens 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 530 

 10,262 

 — 

 530 

 10,262 

 10,792 

 515 

 10,277 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3888 

 Elmcroft of Mt. Zion 

 Jonesboro 

 GA 

 — 

 1,140 

 15,447 

 175 

 1,140 

 15,622 

 16,762 

 777 

 15,985 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3887 

 Elmcroft of Milford Chase 

 Marietta 

 GA 

 — 

 3,350 

 7,431 

 365 

 3,350 

 7,796 

 11,146 

 440 

 10,706 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3826 

 Elmcroft of Martinez 

 Martinez 

 GA 

 — 

 408 

 6,764 

 — 

 408 

 6,764 

 7,172 

 1,063 

 6,109 

 1997 

 2007 

 35 years 

 7000 

 Windsor Court of Carmel 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 — 

 1,110 

 1,933 

 — 

 1,110 

 1,933 

 3,043 

 139 

 2,904 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1573 

 Azalea Hills 

 Floyds Knobs 

 IN 

 — 

 2,370 

 8,708 

 — 

 2,370 

 8,708 

 11,078 

 443 

 10,635 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3606 

 Georgetowne Place 

 Fort Wayne 

 IN 

 — 

 1,315 

 18,185 

 — 

 1,315 

 18,185 

 19,500 

 3,817 

 15,683 

 1987 

 2005 

 35 years 

 1559 

 Greensburg Assisted Living 

 Greensburg 

 IN 

 — 

 420 

 1,764 

 — 

 420 

 1,764 

 2,184 

 113 

 2,071 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1551 

 Summit West 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 1,240 

 7,922 

 — 

 1,240 

 7,922 

 9,162 

 425 

 8,737 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3603 

 The Harrison 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 1,200 

 5,740 

 — 

 1,200 

 5,740 

 6,940 

 1,348 

 5,592 

 1985 

 2005 

 35 years 

 1564 

 Lakeview Commons of Monticello 

 Monticello 

 IN 

 — 

 250 

 5,263 

 — 

 250 

 5,263 

 5,513 

 252 

 5,261 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3827 

 Elmcroft of Muncie 

 Muncie 

 IN 

 — 

 244 

 11,218 

 — 

 244 

 11,218 

 11,462 

 1,763 

 9,699 

 1998 

 2007 

 35 years 

 7482 

 Wood Ridge 

 South Bend 

 IN 

 — 

 590 

 4,850 

 (35 

 ) 

 590 

 4,815 

 5,405 

 256 

 5,149 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7344 

 Drury Place at Alvamar 

 Lawrence 

 KS 

 — 

 1,700 

 9,156 

 — 

 1,700 

 9,156 

 10,856 

 477 

 10,379 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7345 

 Drury Place at Salina 

 Salina 

 KS 

 — 

 1,300 

 1,738 

 — 

 1,300 

 1,738 

 3,038 

 149 

 2,889 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7346 

 Drury Place Retirement Apartments 

 Topeka 

 KS 

 — 

 390 

 6,217 

 — 

 390 

 6,217 

 6,607 

 319 

 6,288 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2510 

 Heritage Woods 

 Agawam 

 MA 

 — 

 1,249 

 4,625 

 — 

 1,249 

 4,625 

 5,874 

 1,714 

 4,160 

 1997 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2805 

 Summerville at Farm Pond 

 Framingham 

 MA 

 38,700 

 5,819 

 33,361 

 — 

 5,819 

 33,361 

 39,180 

 7,965 

 31,215 

 1999 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2806 

 Whitehall Estate 

 Hyannis 

 MA 

 6,584 

 1,277 

 9,063 

 — 

 1,277 

 9,063 

 10,340 

 2,082 

 8,258 

 1999 

 2005 

 35 years 

 1738 

 Wingate at Silver Lake 

 Kingston 

 MA 

 — 

 3,330 

 20,624 

 — 

 3,330 

 20,624 

 23,954 

 1,124 

 22,830 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1709 

 Outlook Pointe at Hagerstown 

 Hagerstown 

 MD 

 — 

 2,010 

 1,293 

 — 

 2,010 

 1,293 

 3,303 

 136 

 3,167 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7130 

 Clover Healthcare 

 Auburn 

 ME 

 — 

 1,400 

 26,895 

 — 

 1,400 

 26,895 

 28,295 

 1,388 

 26,907 

 1982 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7132 

 Gorham House 

 Gorham 

 ME 

 — 

 1,360 

 33,147 

 — 

 1,360 

 33,147 

 34,507 

 1,539 

 32,968 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7131 

 Sentry Hill 

 York 

 ME 

 — 

 3,490 

 19,869 

 — 

 3,490 

 19,869 

 23,359 

 957 

 22,402 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3878 

 Elmcroft of Downriver 

 Brownstown 

 MI 

 2,363 

 320 

 32,652 

 121 

 320 

 32,773 

 33,093 

 1,507 

 31,586 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 176 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3611 

 Independence Village of East Lansing 

 East Lansing 

 MI 

 7,538 

 1,956 

 18,122 

 — 

 1,956 

 18,122 

 20,078 

 279 

 19,799 

 1989 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3883 

 Elmcroft of Kentwood 

 Kentwood 

 MI 

 — 

 510 

 13,976 

 254 

 510 

 14,230 

 14,740 

 725 

 14,015 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7421 

 Primrose Austin 

 Austin 

 MN 

 — 

 2,540 

 11,707 

 — 

 2,540 

 11,707 

 14,247 

 550 

 13,697 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7423 

 Primrose Duluth 

 Duluth 

 MN 

 — 

 6,190 

 8,296 

 — 

 6,190 

 8,296 

 14,486 

 448 

 14,038 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7424 

 Primrose Mankato 

 Mankato 

 MN 

 — 

 1,860 

 8,920 

 — 

 1,860 

 8,920 

 10,780 

 459 

 10,321 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3608 

 Rose Arbor 

 Maple Grove 

 MN 

 — 

 1,140 

 12,421 

 — 

 1,140 

 12,421 

 13,561 

 3,977 

 9,584 

 2000 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3609 

 Wildflower Lodge 

 Maple Grove 

 MN 

 — 

 504 

 5,035 

 — 

 504 

 5,035 

 5,539 

 1,617 

 3,922 

 1981 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7300 

 Canyon Creek Inn Memory Care 

 Billings 

 MT 

 — 

 420 

 11,217 

 7 

 420 

 11,224 

 11,644 

 451 

 11,193 

 2011 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2240 

 Rainbow Retirement Community 

 Great Falls 

 MT 

 — 

 386 

 5,254 

 843 

 386 

 6,097 

 6,483 

 4,983 

 1,500 

 1998 

 2010 

 35 years 

 2651 

 Springs at Missoula 

 Missoula 

 MT 

 16,881 

 1,975 

 34,390 

 — 

 1,975 

 34,390 

 36,365 

 194 

 36,171 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 7090 

 Carillon ALF of Asheboro 

 Asheboro 

 NC 

 — 

 680 

 15,370 

 — 

 680 

 15,370 

 16,050 

 734 

 15,316 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3802 

 Elmcroft of Little Avenue 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 250 

 5,077 

 — 

 250 

 5,077 

 5,327 

 894 

 4,433 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7093 

 Carillon ALF of Cramer Mountain 

 Cramerton 

 NC 

 — 

 530 

 18,225 

 — 

 530 

 18,225 

 18,755 

 878 

 17,877 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7092 

 Carillon ALF of Harrisburg 

 Harrisburg 

 NC 

 — 

 1,660 

 15,130 

 — 

 1,660 

 15,130 

 16,790 

 725 

 16,065 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7097 

 Carillon ALF of Hendersonville 

 Hendersonville 

 NC 

 — 

 2,210 

 7,372 

 — 

 2,210 

 7,372 

 9,582 

 402 

 9,180 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7098 

 Carillon ALF of Hillsborough 

 Hillsborough 

 NC 

 — 

 1,450 

 19,754 

 — 

 1,450 

 19,754 

 21,204 

 931 

 20,273 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7095 

 Carillon ALF of Newton 

 Newton 

 NC 

 — 

 540 

 14,935 

 — 

 540 

 14,935 

 15,475 

 714 

 14,761 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3612 

 Independence Village of Olde Raleigh 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 10,470 

 1,989 

 18,648 

 — 

 1,989 

 18,648 

 20,637 

 293 

 20,344 

 1991 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3846 

 Elmcroft of Northridge 

 Raleigh 

 NC 

 — 

 184 

 3,592 

 — 

 184 

 3,592 

 3,776 

 633 

 3,143 

 1984 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7091 

 Carillon ALF of Salisbury 

 Salisbury 

 NC 

 — 

 1,580 

 25,026 

 — 

 1,580 

 25,026 

 26,606 

 1,170 

 25,436 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7094 

 Carillon ALF of Shelby 

 Shelby 

 NC 

 — 

 660 

 15,471 

 — 

 660 

 15,471 

 16,131 

 741 

 15,390 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3866 

 Elmcroft of Southern Pines 

 Southern Pines 

 NC 

 — 

 1,196 

 10,766 

 — 

 1,196 

 10,766 

 11,962 

 846 

 11,116 

 1998 

 2010 

 35 years 

 7096 

 Carillon ALF of Southport 

 Southport 

 NC 

 — 

 1,330 

 10,356 

 — 

 1,330 

 10,356 

 11,686 

 530 

 11,156 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7422 

 Primrose Bismarck 

 Bismarck 

 ND 

 — 

 1,210 

 9,768 

 — 

 1,210 

 9,768 

 10,978 

 475 

 10,503 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3602 

 Crown Pointe 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 — 

 1,316 

 11,950 

 — 

 1,316 

 11,950 

 13,266 

 2,640 

 10,626 

 1985 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7020 

 Brandywine at Brick 

 Brick 

 NJ 

 — 

 1,490 

 16,747 

 — 

 1,490 

 16,747 

 18,237 

 1,888 

 16,349 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 177 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3890 

 Elmcroft of Quintessence 

 Albuquerque 

 NM 

 — 

 1,150 

 26,527 

 76 

 1,150 

 26,603 

 27,753 

 1,236 

 26,517 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2233 

 Cottonbloom Assisted Living 

 Las Cruces 

 NM 

 — 

 153 

 897 

 269 

 153 

 1,166 

 1,319 

 134 

 1,185 

 1996 

 2009 

 35 years 

 2239 

 Peachtree Village Retirement Community 

 Roswell 

 NM 

 — 

 161 

 2,161 

 544 

 161 

 2,705 

 2,866 

 243 

 2,623 

 1999 

 2010 

 35 years 

 3600 

 The Amberleigh 

 Amherst 

 NY 

 — 

 3,498 

 19,097 

 — 

 3,498 

 19,097 

 22,595 

 4,412 

 18,183 

 1988 

 2005 

 35 years 

 7290 

 Castle Gardens 

 Vestal 

 NY 

 — 

 1,830 

 20,312 

 2,230 

 1,830 

 22,542 

 24,372 

 1,000 

 23,372 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2819 

 Inn at Lakeview 

 Grovepoint 

 OH 

 — 

 770 

 11,220 

 — 

 770 

 11,220 

 11,990 

 561 

 11,429 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3847 

 Elmcroft of Lima 

 Lima 

 OH 

 — 

 490 

 3,368 

 — 

 490 

 3,368 

 3,858 

 593 

 3,265 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3885 

 Elmcroft of Lorain 

 Lorain 

 OH 

 — 

 500 

 15,461 

 247 

 500 

 15,708 

 16,208 

 774 

 15,434 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3812 

 Elmcroft of Ontario 

 Mansfield 

 OH 

 — 

 523 

 7,968 

 — 

 523 

 7,968 

 8,491 

 1,404 

 7,087 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2817 

 Summerville at Camelot Place 

 Medina 

 OH 

 — 

 340 

 21,566 

 — 

 340 

 21,566 

 21,906 

 1,019 

 20,887 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2821 

 Inn at Medina 

 Medina 

 OH 

 — 

 1,110 

 24,700 

 — 

 1,110 

 24,700 

 25,810 

 1,151 

 24,659 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3813 

 Elmcroft of Medina 

 Medina 

 OH 

 — 

 661 

 9,788 

 — 

 661 

 9,788 

 10,449 

 1,725 

 8,724 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3814 

 Elmcroft of Washington Township 

 Miamisburg 

 OH 

 — 

 1,235 

 12,611 

 — 

 1,235 

 12,611 

 13,846 

 2,222 

 11,624 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2818 

 Hillenvale 

 Mt. Vernon 

 OH 

 — 

 1,100 

 12,493 

 — 

 1,100 

 12,493 

 13,593 

 619 

 12,974 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3816 

 Elmcroft of Sagamore Hills 

 Sagamore Hills 

 OH 

 — 

 980 

 12,604 

 — 

 980 

 12,604 

 13,584 

 2,221 

 11,363 

 2000 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3848 

 Elmcroft of Xenia 

 Xenia 

 OH 

 — 

 653 

 2,801 

 — 

 653 

 2,801 

 3,454 

 494 

 2,960 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2822 

 Inn at North Hills 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 1,560 

 11,067 

 — 

 1,560 

 11,067 

 12,627 

 567 

 12,060 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1803 

 Arbor House of Midwest City 

 Midwest City 

 OK 

 — 

 544 

 9,133 

 — 

 544 

 9,133 

 9,677 

 — 

 9,677 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 1804 

 Arbor House of Mustang 

 Mustang 

 OK 

 — 

 372 

 3,587 

 — 

 372 

 3,587 

 3,959 

 — 

 3,959 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 1805 

 Arbor House of Norman 

 Norman 

 OK 

 — 

 444 

 7,525 

 — 

 444 

 7,525 

 7,969 

 — 

 7,969 

 2000 

 2012 

 35 years 

 1806 

 Arbor House Reminisce Center 

 Norman 

 OK 

 — 

 438 

 3,028 

 — 

 438 

 3,028 

 3,466 

 — 

 3,466 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3889 

 Elmcroft of Quail Springs 

 Oklahoma 

 OK 

 — 

 500 

 16,632 

 86 

 500 

 16,718 

 17,218 

 823 

 16,395 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7014 

 Mansion at Waterford 

 Oklahoma City 

 OK 

 — 

 2,077 

 14,184 

 — 

 2,077 

 14,184 

 16,261 

 233 

 16,028 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 7349 

 Southern Hills Nursing Center 

 Tulsa 

 OK 

 — 

 750 

 10,739 

 — 

 750 

 10,739 

 11,489 

 647 

 10,842 

 1981 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1518 

 Avamere at Hillsboro 

 Hillsboro 

 OR 

 — 

 4,400 

 8,353 

 — 

 4,400 

 8,353 

 12,753 

 474 

 12,279 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1526 

 Avamere court at Keizer 

 Keizer 

 OR 

 — 

 1,260 

 30,183 

 — 

 1,260 

 30,183 

 31,443 

 1,494 

 29,949 

 1970 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1523 

 The Stafford 

 Lake Oswego 

 OR 

 — 

 1,800 

 16,122 

 — 

 1,800 

 16,122 

 17,922 

 825 

 17,097 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1527 

 The Pearl at Kruse Way 

 Lake Oswego 

 OR 

 — 

 2,000 

 12,880 

 — 

 2,000 

 12,880 

 14,880 

 643 

 14,237 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 178 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1525 

 Avamere at Three Fountains 

 Medford 

 OR 

 — 

 2,340 

 33,187 

 — 

 2,340 

 33,187 

 35,527 

 1,623 

 33,904 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2649 

 The Springs at Clackamas Woods (ILF) 

 Milwaukie 

 OR 

 11,052 

 1,264 

 22,429 

 — 

 1,264 

 22,429 

 23,693 

 127 

 23,566 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2650 

 Clackamas Woods Assisted Living 

 Milwaukie 

 OR 

 5,913 

 681 

 12,077 

 — 

 681 

 12,077 

 12,758 

 68 

 12,690 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 1521 

 Avamere at Newberg 

 Newberg 

 OR 

 — 

 1,320 

 4,664 

 — 

 1,320 

 4,664 

 5,984 

 280 

 5,704 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1524 

 Avamere Living at Berry Park 

 Oregon City 

 OR 

 — 

 1,910 

 4,249 

 — 

 1,910 

 4,249 

 6,159 

 289 

 5,870 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1516 

 Avamere at Bethany 

 Portland 

 OR 

 — 

 3,150 

 16,740 

 — 

 3,150 

 16,740 

 19,890 

 846 

 19,044 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1520 

 Avamere at Sandy 

 Sandy 

 OR 

 — 

 1,000 

 7,309 

 — 

 1,000 

 7,309 

 8,309 

 399 

 7,910 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1522 

 Suzanne Elise ALF 

 Seaside 

 OR 

 — 

 1,940 

 4,027 

 — 

 1,940 

 4,027 

 5,967 

 280 

 5,687 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1519 

 Avamere at Sherwood 

 Sherwood 

 OR 

 — 

 1,010 

 7,051 

 — 

 1,010 

 7,051 

 8,061 

 388 

 7,673 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7483 

 Chateau Gardens 

 Springfield 

 OR 

 — 

 1,550 

 4,197 

 — 

 1,550 

 4,197 

 5,747 

 207 

 5,540 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1517 

 Avamere at St Helens 

 St. Helens 

 OR 

 — 

 1,410 

 10,496 

 — 

 1,410 

 10,496 

 11,906 

 538 

 11,368 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3849 

 Elmcroft of Allison Park 

 Allison Park 

 PA 

 — 

 1,171 

 5,686 

 — 

 1,171 

 5,686 

 6,857 

 1,002 

 5,855 

 1986 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3853 

 Elmcroft of Chippewa 

 Beaver Falls 

 PA 

 — 

 1,394 

 8,586 

 — 

 1,394 

 8,586 

 9,980 

 1,513 

 8,467 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3851 

 Elmcroft of Berwick 

 Berwick 

 PA 

 — 

 111 

 6,741 

 — 

 111 

 6,741 

 6,852 

 1,188 

 5,664 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 1703 

 Outlook Pointe at Lakemont 

 Bridgeville 

 PA 

 — 

 1,660 

 12,624 

 — 

 1,660 

 12,624 

 14,284 

 665 

 13,619 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3817 

 Elmcroft of Dillsburg 

 Dillsburg 

 PA 

 — 

 432 

 7,797 

 — 

 432 

 7,797 

 8,229 

 1,374 

 6,855 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3850 

 Elmcroft of Altoona 

 Duncansville 

 PA 

 — 

 331 

 4,729 

 — 

 331 

 4,729 

 5,060 

 833 

 4,227 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3818 

 Elmcroft of Lebanon 

 Lebanon 

 PA 

 — 

 240 

 7,336 

 — 

 240 

 7,336 

 7,576 

 1,293 

 6,283 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3854 

 Elmcroft of Lewisburg 

 Lewisburg 

 PA 

 — 

 232 

 5,666 

 — 

 232 

 5,666 

 5,898 

 998 

 4,900 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3855 

 Elmcroft of Reedsville 

 Lewistown 

 PA 

 — 

 189 

 5,170 

 — 

 189 

 5,170 

 5,359 

 911 

 4,448 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2502 

 Lehigh Commons 

 Macungie 

 PA 

 — 

 420 

 4,406 

 450 

 420 

 4,856 

 5,276 

 1,525 

 3,751 

 1997 

 2004 

 30 years 

 3856 

 Elmcroft of Loyalsock 

 Montoursville 

 PA 

 — 

 413 

 3,412 

 — 

 413 

 3,412 

 3,825 

 601 

 3,224 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 2504 

 Highgate at Paoli Pointe 

 Paoli 

 PA 

 — 

 1,151 

 9,079 

 — 

 1,151 

 9,079 

 10,230 

 2,872 

 7,358 

 1997 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2503 

 Sanatoga Court 

 Pottstown 

 PA 

 — 

 360 

 3,233 

 — 

 360 

 3,233 

 3,593 

 1,098 

 2,495 

 1997 

 2004 

 30 years 

 2501 

 Berkshire Commons 

 Reading 

 PA 

 — 

 470 

 4,301 

 — 

 470 

 4,301 

 4,771 

 1,457 

 3,314 

 1997 

 2004 

 30 years 

 3857 

 Elmcroft of Reading 

 Reading 

 PA 

 — 

 638 

 4,942 

 — 

 638 

 4,942 

 5,580 

 871 

 4,709 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3858 

 Elmcroft of Saxonburg 

 Saxonburg 

 PA 

 — 

 770 

 5,949 

 — 

 770 

 5,949 

 6,719 

 1,048 

 5,671 

 1994 

 2006 

 35 years 

 179 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 2511 

 Mifflin Court 

 Shillington 

 PA 

 — 

 689 

 4,265 

 351 

 689 

 4,616 

 5,305 

 1,248 

 4,057 

 1997 

 2004 

 35 years 

 3815 

 Elmcroft of Shippensburg 

 Shippensburg 

 PA 

 — 

 203 

 7,634 

 — 

 203 

 7,634 

 7,837 

 1,345 

 6,492 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3860 

 Elmcroft of State College 

 State College 

 PA 

 — 

 320 

 7,407 

 — 

 320 

 7,407 

 7,727 

 1,305 

 6,422 

 1997 

 2006 

 35 years 

 1704 

 Outlook Pointe at York 

 York 

 PA 

 — 

 1,260 

 6,923 

 — 

 1,260 

 6,923 

 8,183 

 364 

 7,819 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3108 

 Langston House 

 Clinton 

 SC 

 — 

 108 

 7,620 

 — 

 108 

 7,620 

 7,728 

 1,343 

 6,385 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7420 

 Primrose Aberdeen 

 Aberdeen 

 SD 

 — 

 850 

 659 

 — 

 850 

 659 

 1,509 

 77 

 1,432 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7425 

 Primrose Place 

 Aberdeen 

 SD 

 — 

 310 

 3,242 

 — 

 310 

 3,242 

 3,552 

 165 

 3,387 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7426 

 Primrose Rapid City 

 Rapid City 

 SD 

 — 

 860 

 8,722 

 — 

 860 

 8,722 

 9,582 

 441 

 9,141 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7427 

 Primrose Sioux Falls 

 Sioux Falls 

 SD 

 — 

 2,180 

 12,936 

 — 

 2,180 

 12,936 

 15,116 

 662 

 14,454 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3868 

 Elmcroft of Bartlett 

 Bartlett 

 TN 

 — 

 570 

 25,552 

 74 

 570 

 25,626 

 26,196 

 1,194 

 25,002 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1706 

 Outlook Pointe of Bristol 

 Bristol 

 TN 

 — 

 470 

 16,006 

 — 

 470 

 16,006 

 16,476 

 758 

 15,718 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3804 

 Elmcroft of Hamilton Place 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 — 

 87 

 4,248 

 — 

 87 

 4,248 

 4,335 

 748 

 3,587 

 1998 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3875 

 Elmcroft of Shallowford 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 — 

 580 

 7,568 

 280 

 580 

 7,848 

 8,428 

 425 

 8,003 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7634 

 Regency House 

 Hixson 

 TN 

 — 

 140 

 6,611 

 — 

 140 

 6,611 

 6,751 

 327 

 6,424 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1710 

 Outlook Pointe at Johnson City 

 Johnson City 

 TN 

 — 

 590 

 10,043 

 — 

 590 

 10,043 

 10,633 

 491 

 10,142 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3819 

 Elmcroft of Kingsport 

 Kingsport 

 TN 

 — 

 22 

 7,815 

 — 

 22 

 7,815 

 7,837 

 1,377 

 6,460 

 2000 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3862 

 Elmcroft of West Knoxville 

 Knoxville 

 TN 

 — 

 439 

 10,697 

 — 

 439 

 10,697 

 11,136 

 1,885 

 9,251 

 2000 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3863 

 Elmcroft of Lebanon 

 Lebanon 

 TN 

 — 

 180 

 7,086 

 — 

 180 

 7,086 

 7,266 

 1,248 

 6,018 

 2000 

 2006 

 35 years 

 3892 

 Elmcroft of Twin Hills 

 Madison 

 TN 

 — 

 860 

 8,208 

 144 

 860 

 8,352 

 9,212 

 457 

 8,755 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7630 

 Kennington Place 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 — 

 1,820 

 4,748 

 — 

 1,820 

 4,748 

 6,568 

 379 

 6,189 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7631 

 Heritage Place 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 — 

 2,250 

 3,333 

 — 

 2,250 

 3,333 

 5,583 

 324 

 5,259 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7633 

 Glenmary Senior Manor 

 Memphis 

 TN 

 — 

 510 

 5,860 

 44 

 510 

 5,904 

 6,414 

 401 

 6,013 

 1964 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1705 

 Outlook Pointe at Murfreesboro 

 Murfreesboro 

 TN 

 — 

 940 

 8,030 

 — 

 940 

 8,030 

 8,970 

 411 

 8,559 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3871 

 Elmcroft of Brentwood 

 Nashville 

 TN 

 — 

 960 

 22,020 

 420 

 960 

 22,440 

 23,400 

 1,060 

 22,340 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3923 

 Trenton Health Care Center 

 Trenton 

 TN 

 — 

 460 

 6,058 

 — 

 460 

 6,058 

 6,518 

 342 

 6,176 

 1974 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3899 

 Elmcroft of Arlington 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 — 

 2,650 

 14,060 

 230 

 2,650 

 14,290 

 16,940 

 713 

 16,227 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7309 

 Meadowbrook Memory Care Community 

 Arlington 

 TX 

 — 

 755 

 4,677 

 — 

 755 

 4,677 

 5,432 

 13 

 5,419 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3867 

 Elmcroft of Austin 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 2,770 

 25,820 

 279 

 2,770 

 26,099 

 28,869 

 1,223 

 27,646 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 180 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 3869 

 Elmcroft of Bedford 

 Bedford 

 TX 

 7,493 

 770 

 19,691 

 203 

 770 

 19,894 

 20,664 

 945 

 19,719 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3893 

 Elmcroft of Rivershire 

 Conroe 

 TX 

 — 

 860 

 32,671 

 188 

 860 

 32,859 

 33,719 

 1,523 

 32,196 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7605 

 Heritage Oaks Retirement Village 

 Corsicana 

 TX 

 — 

 790 

 30,636 

 — 

 790 

 30,636 

 31,426 

 1,468 

 29,958 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7484 

 Flower Mound 

 Flower Mound 

 TX 

 — 

 900 

 5,512 

 — 

 900 

 5,512 

 6,412 

 277 

 6,135 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3879 

 Elmcroft of Garland 

 Garland 

 TX 

 — 

 850 

 12,482 

 128 

 850 

 12,610 

 13,460 

 640 

 12,820 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1802 

 Arbor House Granbury 

 Granbury 

 TX 

 — 

 390 

 8,186 

 — 

 390 

 8,186 

 8,576 

 — 

 8,576 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3870 

 Elmcroft of Braeswood 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 3,970 

 15,919 

 372 

 3,970 

 16,291 

 20,261 

 789 

 19,472 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3877 

 Elmcroft of Cy-Fair 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 1,580 

 21,801 

 120 

 1,580 

 21,921 

 23,501 

 1,037 

 22,464 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3882 

 Elmcroft of Irving 

 Irving 

 TX 

 — 

 1,620 

 18,755 

 198 

 1,620 

 18,953 

 20,573 

 903 

 19,670 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3610 

 Whitley Place 

 Keller 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 5,100 

 — 

 — 

 5,100 

 5,100 

 716 

 4,384 

 1998 

 2008 

 35 years 

 3884 

 Elmcroft of Lake Jackson 

 Lake Jackson 

 TX 

 — 

 710 

 14,765 

 108 

 710 

 14,873 

 15,583 

 726 

 14,857 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1801 

 Arbor House Lewisville 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 — 

 824 

 10,308 

 # 

 — 

 # 

 824 

 10,308 

 11,132 

 — 

 11,132 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3896 

 Elmcroft of Vista Ridge 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 — 

 6,280 

 10,548 

 285 

 6,280 

 10,833 

 17,113 

 559 

 16,554 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7311 

 Arbor Hills Memory Care Community 

 Plano 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 3,019 

 — 

 3,019 

 3,019 

 — 

 3,019 

 CIP 

 2011 

 CIP 

 1807 

 Arbor House of Rockwall 

 Rockwall 

 TX 

 — 

 1,537 

 12,883 

 — 

 1,537 

 12,883 

 14,420 

 — 

 14,420 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3897 

 Elmcroft of Windcrest 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 — 

 920 

 13,011 

 454 

 920 

 13,465 

 14,385 

 655 

 13,730 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1800 

 Arbor House of Temple 

 Temple 

 TX 

 — 

 473 

 6,750 

 — 

 473 

 6,750 

 7,223 

 — 

 7,223 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3876 

 Elmcroft of Cottonwood 

 Temple 

 TX 

 — 

 630 

 17,515 

 123 

 630 

 17,638 

 18,268 

 843 

 17,425 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3886 

 Elmcroft of Mainland 

 Texas City 

 TX 

 — 

 520 

 14,849 

 158 

 520 

 15,007 

 15,527 

 730 

 14,797 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3895 

 Elmcroft of Victoria 

 Victoria 

 TX 

 — 

 440 

 13,040 

 111 

 440 

 13,151 

 13,591 

 644 

 12,947 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1808 

 Arbor House of Weatherford 

 Weatherford 

 TX 

 — 

 233 

 3,347 

 — 

 233 

 3,347 

 3,580 

 — 

 3,580 

 1994 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3872 

 Elmcroft of Wharton 

 Wharton 

 TX 

 — 

 320 

 13,799 

 175 

 320 

 13,974 

 14,294 

 680 

 13,614 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3865 

 Elmcroft of Chesterfield 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 829 

 6,534 

 — 

 829 

 6,534 

 7,363 

 1,151 

 6,212 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7012 

 Pheasant Ridge 

 Roanoke 

 VA 

 — 

 1,813 

 9,027 

 — 

 1,813 

 9,027 

 10,840 

 148 

 10,692 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2820 

 Summerville at Ridgewood 

 Salem 

 VA 

 — 

 1,900 

 16,219 

 — 

 1,900 

 16,219 

 18,119 

 757 

 17,362 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1717 

 Cooks Hill Manor 

 Cetralia 

 WA 

 — 

 520 

 6,144 

 — 

 520 

 6,144 

 6,664 

 332 

 6,332 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1716 

 The Sequoia 

 Olympia 

 WA 

 — 

 1,490 

 13,724 

 — 

 1,490 

 13,724 

 15,214 

 692 

 14,522 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1713 

 Birchview 

 Sedro Wolley 

 WA 

 — 

 210 

 14,145 

 — 

 210 

 14,145 

 14,355 

 652 

 13,703 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 181 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1718 

 Discovery Memory care 

 Sequim 

 WA 

 — 

 320 

 10,544 

 — 

 320 

 10,544 

 10,864 

 511 

 10,353 

 1961 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7370 

 The Academy Retirement Comm 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 — 

 650 

 3,741 

 — 

 650 

 3,741 

 4,391 

 245 

 4,146 

 1959 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1715 

 The Village Retirement & Assisted Living 

 Tacoma 

 WA 

 — 

 2,200 

 5,938 

 — 

 2,200 

 5,938 

 8,138 

 398 

 7,740 

 1976 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1611 

 Jansen House 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 130 

 1,834 

 (54 

 ) 

 130 

 1,780 

 1,910 

 95 

 1,815 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1612 

 Margaret house 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 140 

 2,016 

 (53 

 ) 

 140 

 1,963 

 2,103 

 105 

 1,998 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7590 

 Hunters Ridge 

 Beaver Dam 

 WI 

 — 

 260 

 2,380 

 — 

 260 

 2,380 

 2,640 

 124 

 2,516 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7033 

 Harbor House Beloit 

 Beloit 

 WI 

 — 

 150 

 4,356 

 — 

 150 

 4,356 

 4,506 

 207 

 4,299 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7032 

 Harbor House Clinton 

 Clinton 

 WI 

 — 

 290 

 4,390 

 — 

 290 

 4,390 

 4,680 

 209 

 4,471 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7591 

 Creekside 

 Cudahy 

 WI 

 — 

 760 

 1,693 

 — 

 760 

 1,693 

 2,453 

 96 

 2,357 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1631 

 Harmony of Denmark 

 Denmark 

 WI 

 1,160 

 220 

 2,228 

 — 

 220 

 2,228 

 2,448 

 117 

 2,331 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7035 

 Harbor House Eau Claire 

 Eau Claire 

 WI 

 — 

 210 

 6,259 

 — 

 210 

 6,259 

 6,469 

 290 

 6,179 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7592 

 Chapel Valley 

 Fitchburg 

 WI 

 — 

 450 

 2,372 

 — 

 450 

 2,372 

 2,822 

 125 

 2,697 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1642 

 Harmony of Brenwood Park 

 Franklin 

 WI 

 6,061 

 1,870 

 13,804 

 — 

 1,870 

 13,804 

 15,674 

 642 

 15,032 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1601 

 Windsor House of Glendale East 

 Glendale 

 WI 

 — 

 1,810 

 943 

 23 

 1,820 

 956 

 2,776 

 62 

 2,714 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1602 

 Windsor House of Glendale West 

 Glendale 

 WI 

 — 

 1,800 

 935 

 84 

 1,800 

 1,019 

 2,819 

 62 

 2,757 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7321 

 Laurel Oaks 

 Glendale 

 WI 

 — 

 2,390 

 43,587 

 — 

 2,390 

 43,587 

 45,977 

 2,066 

 43,911 

 1988 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1630 

 Harmony of Green Bay 

 Green Bay 

 WI 

 3,021 

 640 

 5,008 

 — 

 640 

 5,008 

 5,648 

 252 

 5,396 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7326 

 Layton Terrace 

 Greenfield 

 WI 

 7,844 

 3,490 

 39,201 

 — 

 3,490 

 39,201 

 42,691 

 1,897 

 40,794 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1600 

 Cambridge House 

 Hartland 

 WI 

 — 

 640 

 1,663 

 (37 

 ) 

 652 

 1,614 

 2,266 

 98 

 2,168 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1606 

 Winchester Place 

 Horicon 

 WI 

 — 

 340 

 3,327 

 (95 

 ) 

 345 

 3,227 

 3,572 

 176 

 3,396 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7593 

 Jefferson 

 Jefferson 

 WI 

 — 

 330 

 2,384 

 — 

 330 

 2,384 

 2,714 

 124 

 2,590 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1645 

 Harmony of Kenosha 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 3,932 

 1,180 

 8,717 

 — 

 1,180 

 8,717 

 9,897 

 413 

 9,484 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7030 

 Harbor House Kenosha 

 Kenosha 

 WI 

 — 

 710 

 3,254 

 — 

 710 

 3,254 

 3,964 

 161 

 3,803 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1637 

 Harmony Commons of Stevens Point 

 Madison 

 WI 

 — 

 760 

 2,242 

 — 

 760 

 2,242 

 3,002 

 143 

 2,859 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1638 

 Harmony of Madison 

 Madison 

 WI 

 4,070 

 650 

 4,279 

 — 

 650 

 4,279 

 4,929 

 230 

 4,699 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1633 

 Harmony of Manitowoc 

 Manitowoc 

 WI 

 4,777 

 450 

 10,101 

 — 

 450 

 10,101 

 10,551 

 478 

 10,073 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7039 

 Harbor House Manitowoc 

 Manitowoc 

 WI 

 — 

 140 

 1,520 

 — 

 140 

 1,520 

 1,660 

 76 

 1,584 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 182 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 1647 

 Harmony of McFarland 

 McFarland 

 WI 

 3,649 

 640 

 4,647 

 — 

 640 

 4,647 

 5,287 

 240 

 5,047 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1614 

 Acorn Ridge 

 Menasha 

 WI 

 — 

 110 

 537 

 17 

 110 

 554 

 664 

 34 

 630 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1615 

 Emeral Ridge 

 Menasha 

 WI 

 — 

 110 

 537 

 2 

 110 

 539 

 649 

 34 

 615 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1616 

 Silver Ridge 

 Menasha 

 WI 

 — 

 90 

 557 

 2 

 90 

 559 

 649 

 37 

 612 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1617 

 West Ridge 

 Menasha 

 WI 

 — 

 90 

 557 

 2 

 90 

 559 

 649 

 35 

 614 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1639 

 Riverview Village 

 Menomonee Falls 

 WI 

 5,784 

 2,170 

 11,758 

 — 

 2,170 

 11,758 

 13,928 

 553 

 13,375 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7322 

 The Arboretum 

 Menomonee Falls 

 WI 

 5,440 

 5,640 

 49,083 

 — 

 5,640 

 49,083 

 54,723 

 2,439 

 52,284 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7034 

 Harbor House Monroe 

 Monroe 

 WI 

 — 

 490 

 4,964 

 — 

 490 

 4,964 

 5,454 

 240 

 5,214 

 1990 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1608 

 Phyllis Elaine 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 710 

 1,157 

 61 

 710 

 1,218 

 1,928 

 73 

 1,855 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1609 

 Judy Harris 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 720 

 2,339 

 (102 

 ) 

 720 

 2,237 

 2,957 

 122 

 2,835 

 2007 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1613 

 Irish Road 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 320 

 1,036 

 78 

 320 

 1,114 

 1,434 

 66 

 1,368 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1603 

 Windsor House Oak Creek 

 Oak Creek 

 WI 

 — 

 800 

 2,167 

 (36 

 ) 

 812 

 2,119 

 2,931 

 112 

 2,819 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7325 

 Wilkinson Woods of Oconomowoc 

 Oconomowoc 

 WI 

 — 

 1,100 

 12,436 

 — 

 1,100 

 12,436 

 13,536 

 598 

 12,938 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7036 

 Harbor House Oshkosh 

 Oshkosh 

 WI 

 — 

 190 

 949 

 — 

 190 

 949 

 1,139 

 63 

 1,076 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1607 

 Wyndham House 

 Pewaukee 

 WI 

 — 

 1,180 

 4,124 

 51 

 1,197 

 4,158 

 5,355 

 224 

 5,131 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1643 

 Harmony of Racine 

 Racine 

 WI 

 9,569 

 590 

 11,726 

 — 

 590 

 11,726 

 12,316 

 545 

 11,771 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1644 

 Harmony of Commons of Racine 

 Racine 

 WI 

 — 

 630 

 11,245 

 — 

 630 

 11,245 

 11,875 

 528 

 11,347 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7037 

 Harbor House Rib Mountain 

 Rib Mountain 

 WI 

 — 

 350 

 3,413 

 — 

 350 

 3,413 

 3,763 

 167 

 3,596 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1634 

 Harmony of Sheboygan 

 Sheboygan 

 WI 

 8,855 

 810 

 17,908 

 — 

 810 

 17,908 

 18,718 

 837 

 17,881 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7038 

 Harbor House Sheboygan 

 Sheboygan 

 WI 

 — 

 1,060 

 6,208 

 — 

 1,060 

 6,208 

 7,268 

 293 

 6,975 

 1995 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1604 

 Windsor House of St. Francis I 

 St. Francis 

 WI 

 — 

 1,370 

 1,428 

 (128 

 ) 

 1,389 

 1,281 

 2,670 

 75 

 2,595 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1605 

 Windsor House of St. Francis II 

 St. Francis 

 WI 

 — 

 1,370 

 1,666 

 (40 

 ) 

 1,377 

 1,619 

 2,996 

 90 

 2,906 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7324 

 Howard Village of St. Francis 

 St. Francis 

 WI 

 5,520 

 2,320 

 17,232 

 — 

 2,320 

 17,232 

 19,552 

 859 

 18,693 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1636 

 Harmony of Stevens Point 

 Stevens Point 

 WI 

 8,081 

 790 

 10,081 

 — 

 790 

 10,081 

 10,871 

 485 

 10,386 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1646 

 Harmony of Stoughton 

 Stoughton 

 WI 

 1,606 

 490 

 9,298 

 — 

 490 

 9,298 

 9,788 

 441 

 9,347 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 183 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 7031 

 Harbor House Stoughton 

 Stoughton 

 WI 

 — 

 450 

 3,191 

 — 

 450 

 3,191 

 3,641 

 167 

 3,474 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1632 

 Harmony of Two Rivers 

 Two Rivers 

 WI 

 2,578 

 330 

 3,538 

 — 

 330 

 3,538 

 3,868 

 181 

 3,687 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7320 

 Oak Hill Terrace 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 5,230 

 2,040 

 40,298 

 — 

 2,040 

 40,298 

 42,338 

 1,955 

 40,383 

 1985 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1640 

 Harmony of Terrace Court 

 Wausau 

 WI 

 7,191 

 430 

 5,037 

 — 

 430 

 5,037 

 5,467 

 250 

 5,217 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1641 

 Harmony of Terrace Commons 

 Wausau 

 WI 

 — 

 740 

 6,556 

 — 

 740 

 6,556 

 7,296 

 328 

 6,968 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7327 

 Hart Park Square 

 Wauwatosa 

 WI 

 6,600 

 1,900 

 21,628 

 — 

 1,900 

 21,628 

 23,528 

 1,053 

 22,475 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 7323 

 Library Square 

 West Allis 

 WI 

 5,150 

 1,160 

 23,714 

 — 

 1,160 

 23,714 

 24,874 

 1,152 

 23,722 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1635 

 Harmony of Wisconsin Rapids 

 Wisconsin Rapids 

 WI 

 1,075 

 520 

 4,349 

 — 

 520 

 4,349 

 4,869 

 229 

 4,640 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1610 

 Wrightstown 

 Wrightstown 

 WI 

 — 

 140 

 376 

 8 

 140 

 384 

 524 

 35 

 489 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 1711 

 Outlook Pointe at Teays Valley 

 Hurricane 

 WV 

 — 

 1,950 

 14,489 

 — 

 1,950 

 14,489 

 16,439 

 683 

 15,756 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3820 

 Elmcroft of Martinsburg 

 Martinsburg 

 WV 

 — 

 248 

 8,320 

 — 

 248 

 8,320 

 8,568 

 1,466 

 7,102 

 1999 

 2006 

 35 years 

 7487 

 Garden Square Assisted Living of Casper 

 Casper 

 WY 

 — 

 355 

 3,197 

 — 

 355 

 3,197 

 3,552 

 107 

 3,445 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 TOTAL FOR OTHER SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 287,499 

 376,957 

 3,211,927 

 21,957 

 377,223 

 3,233,618 

 3,610,841 

 267,636 

 3,343,205 

 TOTAL FOR SENIORS HOUSING COMMUNITIES 

 2,110,836 

 1,197,838 

 10,751,383 

 170,472 

 1,201,559 

 10,918,134 

 12,119,693 

 1,276,060 

 10,843,633 

 Location 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 

 Property # 

 Property Name 

 City 

 State / 
 Province 

 Encumbrances 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Costs 
 Capitalized 
 Subsequent 
 to Acquisition 

 Land and 
 Improvements 

 Buildings and 
 Improvements 

 Total 

 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 

 NBV 

 Year of 
 Construction 

 Year 
 Acquired 

 Life on 
 Which 
 Depreciation 
 in Income 
 Statement 
 is Computed 

 PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES 

 3721 

 ResCare Tangram—Ranch 

 Kingsbury 

 TX 

 — 

 147 

 806 

 — 

 147 

 806 

 953 

 575 

 378 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3722 

 ResCare Tangram—Mesquite 

 Kingsbury 

 TX 

 — 

 15 

 1,078 

 — 

 15 

 1,078 

 1,093 

 768 

 325 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 184 

 Table of Contents 

 3723 

 ResCare Tangram—Hacienda 

 Kingsbury 

 TX 

 — 

 31 

 841 

 — 

 31 

 841 

 872 

 599 

 273 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3726 

 ResCare Tangram—Loma Linda 

 Kingsbury 

 TX 

 — 

 40 

 220 

 — 

 40 

 220 

 260 

 157 

 103 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3724 

 ResCare Tangram—Texas Hill Country School 

 Maxwell 

 TX 

 — 

 54 

 934 

 — 

 54 

 934 

 988 

 665 

 323 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3725 

 ResCare Tangram—Chaparral 

 Maxwell 

 TX 

 — 

 82 

 552 

 — 

 82 

 552 

 634 

 393 

 241 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3727 

 ResCare Tangram—Sierra Verde & Roca Vista 

 Maxwell 

 TX 

 — 

 20 

 910 

 — 

 20 

 910 

 930 

 648 

 282 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 3719 

 ResCare Tangram—618 W. Hutchinson 

 San Marcos 

 TX 

 — 

 226 

 1,175 

 — 

 226 

 1,175 

 1,401 

 838 

 563 

 N/A 

 1998 

 20 years 

 TOTAL FOR PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES 

 — 

 615 

 6,516 

 — 

 615 

 6,516 

 7,131 

 4,643 

 2,488 

 MEDICAL OFFICE BUILDINGS 

 6370 

 St. Vincent’s Medical Center East #46 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 — 

 — 

 25,298 

 952 

 — 

 26,250 

 26,250 

 2,646 

 23,604 

 2005 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6371 

 St. Vincent’s Medical Center East #48 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 — 

 — 

 12,698 

 58 

 — 

 12,756 

 12,756 

 1,452 

 11,304 

 1989 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6372 

 St. Vincent’s Medical Center East #52 

 Birmingham 

 AL 

 — 

 — 

 7,608 

 597 

 — 

 8,205 

 8,205 

 1,072 

 7,133 

 1985 

 2010 

 35 years 

 3065 

 Crestwood Medical Pavilion 

 Huntsville 

 AL 

 5,327 

 625 

 16,178 

 76 

 625 

 16,254 

 16,879 

 867 

 16,012 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6705 

 Canyon Springs Medical Plaza 

 Gilbert 

 AZ 

 16,260 

 — 

 27,497 

 — 

 — 

 27,497 

 27,497 

 953 

 26,544 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6822 

 Mercy Gilbert Medical Plaza 

 Gilbert 

 AZ 

 7,805 

 720 

 11,277 

 12 

 720 

 11,289 

 12,009 

 722 

 11,287 

 2007 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6707 

 Thunderbird Paseo Medical Plaza 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 10,229 

 — 

 12,904 

 214 

 — 

 13,118 

 13,118 

 513 

 12,605 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6708 

 Thunderbird Paseo Medical Plaza II 

 Glendale 

 AZ 

 6,706 

 — 

 8,100 

 38 

 — 

 8,138 

 8,138 

 346 

 7,792 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6711 

 Cobre Valley Medical Plaza 

 Globe 

 AZ 

 2,439 

 — 

 3,785 

 20 

 — 

 3,805 

 3,805 

 159 

 3,646 

 1998 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6700 

 Desert Samaritan Medical Building I 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 7,766 

 — 

 11,923 

 59 

 — 

 11,982 

 11,982 

 439 

 11,543 

 1977 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6701 

 Desert Samaritan Medical Building II 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 5,782 

 — 

 7,395 

 3 

 — 

 7,398 

 7,398 

 296 

 7,102 

 1980 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6702 

 Desert Samaritan Medical Building III 

 Mesa 

 AZ 

 9,928 

 — 

 13,665 

 (6 

 ) 

 — 

 13,659 

 13,659 

 564 

 13,095 

 1986 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6703 

 Deer Valley Medical Office Building II 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 13,889 

 — 

 22,663 

 18 

 — 

 22,681 

 22,681 

 939 

 21,742 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6704 

 Deer Valley Medical Office Building III 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 11,449 

 — 

 19,521 

 3 

 — 

 19,524 

 19,524 

 745 

 18,779 

 2009 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6706 

 Edwards Medical Plaza 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 12,364 

 — 

 18,999 

 281 

 — 

 19,280 

 19,280 

 1,015 

 18,265 

 1984 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6710 

 Papago Medical Park 

 Phoenix 

 AZ 

 7,443 

 — 

 12,172 

 89 

 — 

 12,261 

 12,261 

 605 

 11,656 

 1989 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6809 

 Burbank Medical Plaza 

 Burbank 

 CA 

 13,177 

 1,241 

 23,322 

 67 

 1,241 

 23,389 

 24,630 

 1,451 

 23,179 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6827 

 Burbank Medical Plaza II 

 Burbank 

 CA 

 29,878 

 491 

 45,641 

 487 

 491 

 46,128 

 46,619 

 2,317 

 44,302 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6808 

 Eden Medical Plaza 

 Castro Valley 

 CA 

 — 

 258 

 2,455 

 96 

 258 

 2,551 

 2,809 

 254 

 2,555 

 1998 

 2011 

 25 years 

 185 

 Table of Contents 

 6828 

 Sutter Medical Center 

 Castro Valley 

 CA 

 15,564 

 — 

 25,088 

 — 

 — 

 25,088 

 25,088 

 59 

 25,029 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6818 

 PMB Chula Vista 

 Chula Vista 

 CA 

 15,810 

 2,964 

 19,393 

 169 

 2,964 

 19,562 

 22,526 

 1,195 

 21,331 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2959 

 NorthBay Corporate Headquarters 

 Fairfield 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 19,187 

 — 

 — 

 19,187 

 19,187 

 — 

 19,187 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2960 

 Gateway Medical Plaza 

 Fairfield 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 12,872 

 — 

 — 

 12,872 

 12,872 

 — 

 12,872 

 1986 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2961 

 Solano NorthBay Health Plaza 

 Fairfield 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 8,880 

 — 

 — 

 8,880 

 8,880 

 — 

 8,880 

 1990 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6620 

 Verdugo Hills Professional Bldg I 

 Glendale 

 CA 

 — 

 6,683 

 9,589 

 — 

 6,683 

 9,589 

 16,272 

 496 

 15,776 

 1972 

 2012 

 23 years 

 6621 

 Verdugo Hills Professional Bldg II 

 Glendale 

 CA 

 — 

 4,464 

 3,731 

 — 

 4,464 

 3,731 

 8,195 

 275 

 7,920 

 1987 

 2012 

 19 years 

 6810 

 St. Francis Lynwood Medical 

 Lynwood 

 CA 

 — 

 688 

 8,385 

 350 

 688 

 8,735 

 9,423 

 735 

 8,688 

 1993 

 2011 

 32 years 

 6824 

 PMB Mission Hills 

 Mission Hills 

 CA 

 30,687 

 15,468 

 30,116 

 — 

 15,468 

 30,116 

 45,584 

 337 

 45,247 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6816 

 PDP Mission Viejo 

 Mission Viejo 

 CA 

 45,947 

 1,916 

 77,022 

 4 

 1,916 

 77,026 

 78,942 

 3,907 

 75,035 

 2007 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6817 

 PDP Orange 

 Orange 

 CA 

 48,342 

 1,752 

 61,647 

 32 

 1,752 

 61,679 

 63,431 

 3,254 

 60,177 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6823 

 NHP/PMB Pasadena 

 Pasadena 

 CA 

 60,000 

 3,138 

 83,412 

 6,380 

 3,138 

 89,792 

 92,930 

 4,534 

 88,396 

 2009 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6826 

 Western University of Health Sciences Medical Pavilion 

 Pomona 

 CA 

 — 

 91 

 31,523 

 — 

 91 

 31,523 

 31,614 

 1,511 

 30,103 

 2009 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6815 

 Pomerado Outpatient Pavilion 

 Poway 

 CA 

 — 

 3,233 

 71,435 

 — 

 3,233 

 71,435 

 74,668 

 3,894 

 70,774 

 2007 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6820 

 NHP SB 399-401 East Highland 

 San Bernardino 

 CA 

 — 

 789 

 11,133 

 244 

 789 

 11,377 

 12,166 

 1,020 

 11,146 

 1971 

 2011 

 27 years 

 6821 

 NHP SB 399-401 East Highland 

 San Bernardino 

 CA 

 — 

 416 

 5,625 

 185 

 416 

 5,810 

 6,226 

 557 

 5,669 

 1988 

 2011 

 26 years 

 6811 

 San Gabriel Valley Medical 

 San Gabriel 

 CA 

 9,289 

 914 

 5,510 

 113 

 914 

 5,623 

 6,537 

 492 

 6,045 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6812 

 Santa Clarita Valley Medical 

 Santa Clarita 

 CA 

 22,654 

 9,708 

 20,020 

 61 

 9,708 

 20,081 

 29,789 

 1,166 

 28,623 

 2005 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6825 

 Kenneth E Watts Medical Plaza 

 Torrance 

 CA 

 — 

 262 

 6,945 

 262 

 262 

 7,207 

 7,469 

 639 

 6,830 

 1989 

 2011 

 23 years 

 2962 

 Vaca Valley Health Plaza 

 Vacaville 

 CA 

 — 

 — 

 9,634 

 — 

 — 

 9,634 

 9,634 

 — 

 9,634 

 1988 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2951 

 Potomac Medical Plaza 

 Aurora 

 CO 

 — 

 2,401 

 9,118 

 1,625 

 2,464 

 10,680 

 13,144 

 3,371 

 9,773 

 1986 

 2007 

 35 years 

 2952 

 Briargate Medical Campus 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 1,238 

 12,301 

 259 

 1,244 

 12,554 

 13,798 

 2,692 

 11,106 

 2002 

 2007 

 35 years 

 2953 

 Printers Park Medical Plaza 

 Colorado Springs 

 CO 

 — 

 2,641 

 47,507 

 678 

 2,641 

 48,185 

 50,826 

 9,961 

 40,865 

 1999 

 2007 

 35 years 

 2963 

 Green Valley Ranch MOB 

 Denver 

 CO 

 6,197 

 — 

 12,139 

 — 

 — 

 12,139 

 12,139 

 — 

 12,139 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6310 

 Community Physicians Pavilion 

 Lafayette 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 10,436 

 1,112 

 — 

 11,548 

 11,548 

 1,089 

 10,459 

 2004 

 2010 

 35 years 

 2956 

 Avista Two Medical Plaza 

 Louisville 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 17,330 

 1,320 

 — 

 18,650 

 18,650 

 2,523 

 16,127 

 2003 

 2009 

 35 years 

 3071 

 The Sierra Medical Building 

 Parker 

 CO 

 491 

 1,444 

 14,059 

 2,529 

 1,444 

 16,588 

 18,032 

 2,440 

 15,592 

 2009 

 2009 

 35 years 

 186 

 Table of Contents 

 6320 

 Lutheran Medical Office Building II 

 Wheat Ridge 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 2,655 

 742 

 — 

 3,397 

 3,397 

 423 

 2,974 

 1976 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6321 

 Lutheran Medical Office Building IV 

 Wheat Ridge 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 7,266 

 604 

 — 

 7,870 

 7,870 

 759 

 7,111 

 1991 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6322 

 Lutheran Medical Office Building III 

 Wheat Ridge 

 CO 

 — 

 — 

 11,947 

 7 

 — 

 11,954 

 11,954 

 1,272 

 10,682 

 2004 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6390 

 DePaul Professional Office Building 

 Washington 

 DC 

 — 

 — 

 6,424 

 922 

 — 

 7,346 

 7,346 

 1,323 

 6,023 

 1987 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6391 

 Providence Medical Office Building 

 Washington 

 DC 

 — 

 — 

 2,473 

 475 

 — 

 2,948 

 2,948 

 557 

 2,391 

 1975 

 2010 

 35 years 

 2930 

 RTS Arcadia 

 Arcadia 

 FL 

 — 

 345 

 2,884 

 — 

 345 

 2,884 

 3,229 

 178 

 3,051 

 1993 

 2011 

 30 years 

 2907 

 Aventura Heart & Health 

 Aventura 

 FL 

 16,519 

 — 

 25,361 

 2,940 

 — 

 28,301 

 28,301 

 6,267 

 22,034 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 2932 

 RTS Cape Coral 

 Cape Coral 

 FL 

 — 

 368 

 5,448 

 — 

 368 

 5,448 

 5,816 

 284 

 5,532 

 1984 

 2011 

 34 years 

 2933 

 RTS Englewood 

 Englewood 

 FL 

 — 

 1,071 

 3,516 

 — 

 1,071 

 3,516 

 4,587 

 196 

 4,391 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2934 

 RTS Ft. Myers 

 Ft. Myers 

 FL 

 — 

 1,153 

 4,127 

 — 

 1,153 

 4,127 

 5,280 

 258 

 5,022 

 1989 

 2011 

 31 years 

 2935 

 RTS Key West 

 Key West 

 FL 

 — 

 486 

 4,380 

 — 

 486 

 4,380 

 4,866 

 203 

 4,663 

 1987 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2902 

 JFK Medical Plaza 

 Lake Worth 

 FL 

 — 

 453 

 1,711 

 139 

 453 

 1,850 

 2,303 

 491 

 1,812 

 1999 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2903 

 Palms West Building 6 

 Loxahatchee 

 FL 

 — 

 965 

 2,678 

 38 

 965 

 2,716 

 3,681 

 660 

 3,021 

 2000 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2904 

 Regency Medical Office Park Phase II 

 Melbourne 

 FL 

 — 

 770 

 3,809 

 248 

 781 

 4,046 

 4,827 

 946 

 3,881 

 1998 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2905 

 Regency Medical Office Park Phase I 

 Melbourne 

 FL 

 — 

 590 

 3,156 

 155 

 603 

 3,298 

 3,901 

 777 

 3,124 

 1995 

 2004 

 35 years 

 2938 

 RTS Naples 

 Naples 

 FL 

 — 

 1,152 

 3,726 

 — 

 1,152 

 3,726 

 4,878 

 196 

 4,682 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6633 

 Woodlands Center for Specialized Med 

 Pensacola 

 FL 

 16,002 

 2,518 

 24,006 

 — 

 2,518 

 24,006 

 26,524 

 693 

 25,831 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2939 

 RTS Pt. Charlotte 

 Pt. Charlotte 

 FL 

 — 

 966 

 4,581 

 — 

 966 

 4,581 

 5,547 

 253 

 5,294 

 1985 

 2011 

 34 years 

 2940 

 RTS Sarasota 

 Sarasota 

 FL 

 — 

 1,914 

 3,889 

 — 

 1,914 

 3,889 

 5,803 

 227 

 5,576 

 1996 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2906 

 University Medical Office Building 

 Tamarac 

 FL 

 — 

 — 

 6,690 

 132 

 — 

 6,822 

 6,822 

 1,428 

 5,394 

 2006 

 2007 

 35 years 

 3087 

 UMC Tamarac 

 Tamarac 

 FL 

 — 

 2,039 

 2,936 

 (3,357 

 ) 

 1,385 

 233 

 1,618 

 99 

 1,519 

 1980 

 2011 

 22 years 

 2941 

 RTS Venice 

 Venice 

 FL 

 — 

 1,536 

 4,104 

 — 

 1,536 

 4,104 

 5,640 

 230 

 5,410 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3081 

 Augusta Medical Plaza 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 594 

 4,847 

 65 

 594 

 4,912 

 5,506 

 499 

 5,007 

 1972 

 2011 

 25 years 

 3082 

 Augusta Professional Building 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 687 

 6,057 

 172 

 687 

 6,229 

 6,916 

 624 

 6,292 

 1983 

 2011 

 27 years 

 6560 

 Augusta POB I 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 233 

 7,894 

 — 

 233 

 7,894 

 8,127 

 613 

 7,514 

 1978 

 2012 

 14 years 

 6561 

 Augusta POB II 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 735 

 13,717 

 — 

 735 

 13,717 

 14,452 

 771 

 13,681 

 1987 

 2012 

 23 years 

 6562 

 Augusta POB III 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 535 

 3,857 

 — 

 535 

 3,857 

 4,392 

 267 

 4,125 

 1994 

 2012 

 22 years 

 6563 

 Augusta POB IV 

 Augusta 

 GA 

 — 

 675 

 2,182 

 — 

 675 

 2,182 

 2,857 

 144 

 2,713 

 1995 

 2012 

 23 years 

 3008 

 Cobb Physicians Center 

 Austell 

 GA 

 8,772 

 1,145 

 16,805 

 119 

 1,145 

 16,924 

 18,069 

 1,328 

 16,741 

 1992 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6565 

 Summit Professional Plaza I 

 Brunswick 

 GA 

 5,096 

 1,821 

 2,974 

 — 

 1,821 

 2,974 

 4,795 

 188 

 4,607 

 2004 

 2012 

 31 years 

 187 

 Table of Contents 

 6566 

 Summit Professional Plaza II 

 Brunswick 

 GA 

 10,829 

 981 

 13,818 

 — 

 981 

 13,818 

 14,799 

 415 

 14,384 

 1998 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3083 

 Columbia Medical Plaza 

 Evans 

 GA 

 — 

 268 

 1,497 

 121 

 268 

 1,618 

 1,886 

 204 

 1,682 

 1940 

 2011 

 23 years 

 3009 

 Parkway Physicians Center 

 Ringgold 

 GA 

 6,169 

 476 

 10,017 

 101 

 476 

 10,118 

 10,594 

 673 

 9,921 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3006 

 Eastside Physicians Center 

 Snellville 

 GA 

 — 

 1,289 

 25,019 

 995 

 1,289 

 26,014 

 27,303 

 4,245 

 23,058 

 1994 

 2008 

 35 years 

 3007 

 Eastside Physicians Plaza 

 Snellville 

 GA 

 6,852 

 294 

 12,948 

 (72 

 ) 

 294 

 12,876 

 13,170 

 1,927 

 11,243 

 2003 

 2008 

 35 years 

 2977 

 Buffalo Grove Acute Care 

 Buffalor Grove 

 IL 

 — 

 1,826 

 930 

 (766 

 ) 

 1,441 

 549 

 1,990 

 130 

 1,860 

 1992 

 2011 

 26 years 

 6400 

 Physicians Plaza East 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 973 

 — 

 791 

 614 

 — 

 1,405 

 1,405 

 283 

 1,122 

 1976 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6401 

 Physicians Plaza West 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 1,612 

 — 

 1,943 

 39 

 — 

 1,982 

 1,982 

 442 

 1,540 

 1987 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6402 

 Physicians and Dental Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 389 

 — 

 676 

 1 

 — 

 677 

 677 

 176 

 501 

 1972 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6403 

 Monroe Medical Center 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 83 

 — 

 93 

 16 

 — 

 109 

 109 

 26 

 83 

 1971 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6404 

 Kenwood Medical Center 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 2,445 

 — 

 3,900 

 30 

 — 

 3,930 

 3,930 

 787 

 3,143 

 1996 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6405 

 304 W Hay Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 5,224 

 — 

 8,702 

 22 

 — 

 8,724 

 8,724 

 1,055 

 7,669 

 2002 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6406 

 302 W Hay Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 2,251 

 — 

 3,467 

 45 

 — 

 3,512 

 3,512 

 617 

 2,895 

 1993 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6407 

 ENTA 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 611 

 — 

 1,150 

 — 

 — 

 1,150 

 1,150 

 138 

 1,012 

 1996 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6408 

 301 W Hay Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 222 

 — 

 640 

 — 

 — 

 640 

 640 

 106 

 534 

 1980 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6409 

 South Shore Medical Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 389 

 902 

 129 

 — 

 902 

 129 

 1,031 

 66 

 965 

 1991 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6410 

 SIU Family Practice 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 861 

 — 

 1,689 

 19 

 — 

 1,708 

 1,708 

 308 

 1,400 

 1997 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6411 

 Corporate Health Services 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 1,278 

 934 

 1,386 

 — 

 934 

 1,386 

 2,320 

 205 

 2,115 

 1996 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6412 

 Rock Springs Medical 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 556 

 399 

 495 

 — 

 399 

 495 

 894 

 78 

 816 

 1990 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6420 

 575 W Hay Building 

 Decatur 

 IL 

 — 

 111 

 739 

 — 

 111 

 739 

 850 

 98 

 752 

 1984 

 2010 

 35 years 

 2954 

 Eberle Medical Office Building (“Eberle MOB”) 

 Elk Grove Village 

 IL 

 — 

 — 

 16,315 

 49 

 — 

 16,364 

 16,364 

 3,073 

 13,291 

 2005 

 2009 

 35 years 

 2978 

 Grayslake MOB 

 Grayslake 

 IL 

 — 

 2,740 

 2,002 

 63 

 2,740 

 2,065 

 4,805 

 320 

 4,485 

 1996 

 2011 

 25 years 

 2971 

 1425 Hunt Club Road MOB 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 — 

 249 

 1,452 

 52 

 249 

 1,504 

 1,753 

 148 

 1,605 

 2005 

 2011 

 34 years 

 2972 

 1445 Hunt Club Drive 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 — 

 216 

 1,405 

 175 

 216 

 1,580 

 1,796 

 170 

 1,626 

 2002 

 2011 

 31 years 

 2973 

 Gurnee Imaging Center 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 — 

 82 

 2,731 

 — 

 82 

 2,731 

 2,813 

 151 

 2,662 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2974 

 Gurnee Center Club 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 — 

 627 

 17,851 

 — 

 627 

 17,851 

 18,478 

 1,038 

 17,440 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2981 

 Gurnee Acute Care 

 Gurnee 

 IL 

 — 

 166 

 1,115 

 (1,025 

 ) 

 88 

 168 

 256 

 69 

 187 

 1996 

 2011 

 30 years 

 2955 

 Doctors Office Building III (“DOB III”) 

 Hoffman Estates 

 IL 

 — 

 — 

 24,550 

 52 

 — 

 24,602 

 24,602 

 4,110 

 20,492 

 2005 

 2009 

 35 years 

 2970 

 755 Milwaukee MOB 

 Libertyville 

 IL 

 — 

 421 

 3,716 

 723 

 421 

 4,439 

 4,860 

 546 

 4,314 

 1990 

 2011 

 18 years 

 2979 

 890 Professional MOB 

 Libertyville 

 IL 

 — 

 214 

 2,630 

 57 

 214 

 2,687 

 2,901 

 248 

 2,653 

 1980 

 2011 

 26 years 

 2980 

 Libertyville Center Club 

 Libertyville 

 IL 

 — 

 1,020 

 17,176 

 — 

 1,020 

 17,176 

 18,196 

 1,026 

 17,170 

 1988 

 2011 

 25 years 

 2975 

 Round Lake ACC 

 Round Lake 

 IL 

 — 

 758 

 370 

 24 

 758 

 394 

 1,152 

 125 

 1,027 

 1984 

 2011 

 13 years 

 188 

 Table of Contents 

 2976 

 Vernon Hills Acute Care Center 

 Vernon Hills 

 IL 

 — 

 3,376 

 694 

 99 

 3,376 

 793 

 4,169 

 147 

 4,022 

 1986 

 2011 

 15 years 

 6300 

 Wilbur S. Roby Building 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 — 

 — 

 2,653 

 194 

 — 

 2,847 

 2,847 

 451 

 2,396 

 1992 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6301 

 Ambulatory Services Building 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 — 

 — 

 4,266 

 745 

 — 

 5,011 

 5,011 

 799 

 4,212 

 1995 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6302 

 St. John’s Medical Arts Building 

 Anderson 

 IN 

 — 

 — 

 2,281 

 254 

 — 

 2,535 

 2,535 

 440 

 2,095 

 1973 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6000 

 Carmel I 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 — 

 466 

 5,954 

 — 

 466 

 5,954 

 6,420 

 147 

 6,273 

 1985 

 2012 

 30 years 

 6001 

 Carmel II 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 — 

 455 

 5,976 

 — 

 455 

 5,976 

 6,431 

 119 

 6,312 

 1989 

 2012 

 33 years 

 6002 

 Carmel III 

 Carmel 

 IN 

 — 

 422 

 6,194 

 — 

 422 

 6,194 

 6,616 

 138 

 6,478 

 2001 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3090 

 Elkhart 

 Elkhart 

 IN 

 1,257 

 1,256 

 1,973 

 — 

 1,256 

 1,973 

 3,229 

 256 

 2,973 

 1994 

 2011 

 32 years 

 6004 

 Harcourt Professional Office Building 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 519 

 28,951 

 — 

 519 

 28,951 

 29,470 

 626 

 28,844 

 1973 

 2012 

 28 years 

 6005 

 Cardiac Professional Office Building 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 498 

 27,430 

 — 

 498 

 27,430 

 27,928 

 502 

 27,426 

 1995 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6006 

 Oncology Medical Office Building 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 470 

 5,703 

 — 

 470 

 5,703 

 6,173 

 130 

 6,043 

 2003 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6600 

 Methodist Professional Center I 

 Indianapolis 

 IN 

 — 

 61 

 37,411 

 — 

 61 

 37,411 

 37,472 

 1,445 

 36,027 

 1985 

 2012 

 25 years 

 3091 

 LaPorte 

 LaPorte 

 IN 

 781 

 553 

 1,309 

 — 

 553 

 1,309 

 1,862 

 110 

 1,752 

 1997 

 2011 

 34 years 

 3092 

 Mishawaka 

 Mishawaka 

 IN 

 3,599 

 3,787 

 5,543 

 — 

 3,787 

 5,543 

 9,330 

 748 

 8,582 

 1993 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3093 

 South Bend 

 South Bend 

 IN 

 1,481 

 792 

 2,530 

 — 

 792 

 2,530 

 3,322 

 177 

 3,145 

 1996 

 2011 

 34 years 

 6590 

 OLBH Same Day Surgery Center MOB 

 Ashland 

 KY 

 — 

 101 

 19,066 

 — 

 101 

 19,066 

 19,167 

 656 

 18,511 

 1997 

 2012 

 26 years 

 6634 

 St. Elizabeth Covington 

 Covington 

 KY 

 — 

 345 

 12,790 

 — 

 345 

 12,790 

 13,135 

 345 

 12,790 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6635 

 St. Elizabeth Florence MOB 

 Florence 

 KY 

 — 

 402 

 8,279 

 — 

 402 

 8,279 

 8,681 

 317 

 8,364 

 2005 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6802 

 Lakeview MOB 

 Covington 

 LA 

 — 

 1,838 

 5,508 

 (2,641 

 ) 

 1,276 

 3,429 

 4,705 

 961 

 3,744 

 1994 

 2011 

 28 years 

 6804 

 Medical Arts Courtyard 

 Lafayette 

 LA 

 — 

 388 

 1,893 

 180 

 388 

 2,073 

 2,461 

 282 

 2,179 

 1984 

 2011 

 18 years 

 6805 

 SW Louisiana POB 

 Lafayette 

 LA 

 — 

 867 

 5,010 

 (597 

 ) 

 884 

 4,396 

 5,280 

 590 

 4,690 

 1984 

 2011 

 18 years 

 6803 

 Lakeview Surgery Center 

 Mandeville 

 LA 

 — 

 753 

 956 

 (1,134 

 ) 

 570 

 5 

 575 

 1 

 574 

 1987 

 2011 

 16 years 

 6585 

 East Jefferson Medical Plaza 

 Metairie 

 LA 

 — 

 168 

 17,264 

 — 

 168 

 17,264 

 17,432 

 780 

 16,652 

 1996 

 2012 

 32 years 

 6586 

 East Jefferson MOB 

 Metairie 

 LA 

 8,223 

 107 

 15,137 

 — 

 107 

 15,137 

 15,244 

 728 

 14,516 

 1985 

 2012 

 28 years 

 6800 

 Lakeside POB I 

 Metairie 

 LA 

 — 

 3,334 

 4,974 

 607 

 3,334 

 5,581 

 8,915 

 649 

 8,266 

 1986 

 2011 

 22 years 

 6801 

 Lakeside POB II 

 Metairie 

 LA 

 — 

 1,046 

 802 

 133 

 1,046 

 935 

 1,981 

 209 

 1,772 

 1980 

 2011 

 7 years 

 2931 

 RTS Berlin 

 Berlin 

 MD 

 — 

 — 

 2,216 

 — 

 — 

 2,216 

 2,216 

 126 

 2,090 

 1994 

 2011 

 29 years 

 3015 

 Charles O. Fisher Medical Building 

 Westminster 

 MD 

 11,681 

 — 

 13,795 

 727 

 — 

 14,522 

 14,522 

 2,302 

 12,220 

 2009 

 2009 

 35 years 

 6330 

 Medical Specialties Building 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 19,242 

 124 

 — 

 19,366 

 19,366 

 2,092 

 17,274 

 1989 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6331 

 North Professional Building 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 7,228 

 390 

 — 

 7,618 

 7,618 

 793 

 6,825 

 1983 

 2010 

 35 years 

 189 

 Table of Contents 

 6332 

 Medical Commons Building 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 661 

 6 

 — 

 667 

 667 

 77 

 590 

 1979 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6333 

 Borgess Navigation Center 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 2,391 

 — 

 — 

 2,391 

 2,391 

 285 

 2,106 

 1976 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6334 

 Borgess Visiting Nurses 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 90 

 2,328 

 29 

 90 

 2,357 

 2,447 

 275 

 2,172 

 1900 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6337 

 Borgess Health & Fitness Center 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 11,959 

 137 

 — 

 12,096 

 12,096 

 1,411 

 10,685 

 1984 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6360 

 Heart Center Building 

 Kalamazoo 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 8,420 

 174 

 — 

 8,594 

 8,594 

 968 

 7,626 

 1980 

 2010 

 35 years 

 2936 

 RTS Madison Heights 

 Madison Heights 

 MI 

 — 

 401 

 2,946 

 — 

 401 

 2,946 

 3,347 

 161 

 3,186 

 2002 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2937 

 RTS Monroe 

 Monroe 

 MI 

 — 

 281 

 3,450 

 — 

 281 

 3,450 

 3,731 

 212 

 3,519 

 1997 

 2011 

 31 years 

 6336 

 Pro Med Center Plainwell 

 Plainwell 

 MI 

 — 

 — 

 697 

 — 

 — 

 697 

 697 

 93 

 604 

 1991 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6335 

 Pro Med Center Richland 

 Richland 

 MI 

 — 

 233 

 2,267 

 30 

 233 

 2,297 

 2,530 

 315 

 2,215 

 1996 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6625 

 Cogdell Duluth MOB 

 Duluth 

 MN 

 — 

 — 

 33,406 

 — 

 — 

 33,406 

 33,406 

 393 

 33,013 

 2012 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6615 

 HealthPartners Medical & Dental Clinics 

 Sartell 

 MN 

 — 

 2,492 

 15,694 

 — 

 2,492 

 15,694 

 18,186 

 512 

 17,674 

 2010 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2986 

 Arnold Urgent Care 

 Armold 

 MO 

 — 

 1,058 

 556 

 30 

 1,058 

 586 

 1,644 

 118 

 1,526 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6040 

 DePaul Health Center North 

 Bridgeton 

 MO 

 6,540 

 996 

 10,045 

 — 

 996 

 10,045 

 11,041 

 311 

 10,730 

 1976 

 2012 

 21 years 

 6041 

 DePaul Health Center South 

 Bridgeton 

 MO 

 6,751 

 910 

 12,169 

 — 

 910 

 12,169 

 13,079 

 288 

 12,791 

 1992 

 2012 

 30 years 

 2987 

 Fenton Urgent Care Center 

 Fenton 

 MO 

 — 

 183 

 2,714 

 (4 

 ) 

 183 

 2,710 

 2,893 

 239 

 2,654 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 2950 

 Broadway Medical Office Building 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 6,223 

 1,300 

 12,602 

 1,772 

 1,336 

 14,338 

 15,674 

 4,390 

 11,284 

 1976 

 2007 

 35 years 

 6010 

 St. Joseph Medical Building 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 — 

 305 

 7,445 

 — 

 305 

 7,445 

 7,750 

 105 

 7,645 

 1988 

 2012 

 32 years 

 6011 

 St. Joseph Medical Mall 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 — 

 530 

 9,115 

 — 

 530 

 9,115 

 9,645 

 188 

 9,457 

 1995 

 2012 

 33 years 

 6012 

 Carondelet Medical Building 

 Kansas City 

 MO 

 — 

 745 

 12,437 

 — 

 745 

 12,437 

 13,182 

 274 

 12,908 

 1979 

 2012 

 29 years 

 6045 

 St. Joseph Hospital West Medical Office Building II 

 Lake St. Louis 

 MO 

 3,169 

 524 

 3,229 

 — 

 524 

 3,229 

 3,753 

 73 

 3,680 

 2005 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6048 

 St. Joseph O’Fallon Medical Office Building 

 O’Fallon 

 MO 

 770 

 940 

 5,556 

 — 

 940 

 5,556 

 6,496 

 99 

 6,397 

 1992 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6042 

 St. Mary’s Health Center MOB B 

 Richmond Heights 

 MO 

 2,913 

 119 

 4,161 

 — 

 119 

 4,161 

 4,280 

 101 

 4,179 

 1979 

 2012 

 23 years 

 6043 

 St. Mary’s Health Center MOB C 

 Richmond Heights 

 MO 

 3,387 

 136 

 6,018 

 — 

 136 

 6,018 

 6,154 

 154 

 6,000 

 1969 

 2012 

 20 years 

 6044 

 St. Mary’s Health Center MOB D 

 Richmond Heights 

 MO 

 2,529 

 103 

 2,780 

 — 

 103 

 2,780 

 2,883 

 78 

 2,805 

 1984 

 2012 

 22 years 

 2982 

 Physicians Office Center 

 St Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 1,445 

 13,825 

 66 

 1,445 

 13,891 

 15,336 

 1,227 

 14,109 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6046 

 St. Joseph Health Center Medical Building 1 

 St. Charles 

 MO 

 3,539 

 503 

 4,336 

 — 

 503 

 4,336 

 4,839 

 133 

 4,706 

 1987 

 2012 

 20 years 

 6047 

 St. Joseph Health Center Medical Building 2 

 St. Charles 

 MO 

 2,562 

 369 

 2,963 

 — 

 369 

 2,963 

 3,332 

 70 

 3,262 

 1999 

 2012 

 32 years 

 2983 

 12700 Southford Road Medical Plaza 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 595 

 12,584 

 676 

 595 

 13,260 

 13,855 

 1,087 

 12,768 

 1993 

 2011 

 32 years 

 190 

 Table of Contents 

 2984 

 St Anthony’s MOB A 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 409 

 4,687 

 65 

 409 

 4,752 

 5,161 

 574 

 4,587 

 1975 

 2011 

 20 years 

 2985 

 St Anthony’s MOB B 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 350 

 3,942 

 139 

 350 

 4,081 

 4,431 

 523 

 3,908 

 1980 

 2011 

 21 years 

 2988 

 Lemay Urgent Care Center 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 — 

 2,317 

 3,120 

 174 

 2,317 

 3,294 

 5,611 

 404 

 5,207 

 1983 

 2011 

 22 years 

 6049 

 St. Joseph Endoscopy Center 

 St. Peters 

 MO 

 312 

 133 

 — 

 — 

 133 

 — 

 133 

 — 

 133 

 N/A 

 2012 

 N/A 

 6580 

 University Physicians - Grants Ferry 

 Flowood 

 MS 

 10,018 

 2,796 

 12,125 

 — 

 2,796 

 12,125 

 14,921 

 385 

 14,536 

 2010 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6475 

 Barclay Downs 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 3,535 

 882 

 — 

 3,535 

 882 

 4,417 

 99 

 4,318 

 1987 

 2012 

 20 years 

 6484 

 Randolph 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 6,370 

 2,929 

 — 

 6,370 

 2,929 

 9,299 

 537 

 8,762 

 1973 

 2012 

 4 years 

 6486 

 Mallard Crossing I 

 Charlotte 

 NC 

 — 

 3,229 

 2,072 

 — 

 3,229 

 2,072 

 5,301 

 246 

 5,055 

 1997 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6500 

 Medical Arts Building 

 Concord 

 NC 

 — 

 701 

 11,734 

 — 

 701 

 11,734 

 12,435 

 580 

 11,855 

 1997 

 2012 

 31 years 

 6501 

 Gateway Medical Office Building 

 Concord 

 NC 

 — 

 1,100 

 9,904 

 — 

 1,100 

 9,904 

 11,004 

 412 

 10,592 

 2005 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6505 

 Copperfield Medical Mall 

 Concord 

 NC 

 — 

 1,980 

 2,846 

 — 

 1,980 

 2,846 

 4,826 

 178 

 4,648 

 1989 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6506 

 Weddington Internal & Pediatric Medicine 

 Concord 

 NC 

 — 

 574 

 688 

 — 

 574 

 688 

 1,262 

 47 

 1,215 

 2000 

 2012 

 27 years 

 6490 

 Gaston Professional Center 

 Gastonia 

 NC 

 — 

 833 

 24,885 

 — 

 833 

 24,885 

 25,718 

 910 

 24,808 

 1997 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6502 

 Harrisburg Family Physicians 

 Harrisburg 

 NC 

 — 

 679 

 1,646 

 — 

 679 

 1,646 

 2,325 

 58 

 2,267 

 1996 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6503 

 Harrisburg Medical Mall 

 Harrisburg 

 NC 

 — 

 1,339 

 2,292 

 — 

 1,339 

 2,292 

 3,631 

 193 

 3,438 

 1997 

 2012 

 27 years 

 6488 

 Northcross 

 Huntersville 

 NC 

 — 

 623 

 278 

 — 

 623 

 278 

 901 

 42 

 859 

 1993 

 2012 

 22 years 

 2958 

 REX Knightdale MOB & Wellness Center 

 Knightdale 

 NC 

 — 

 — 

 22,823 

 — 

 — 

 22,823 

 22,823 

 — 

 22,823 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6491 

 Mulberry Medical Park 

 Lenoir 

 NC 

 — 

 211 

 2,589 

 — 

 211 

 2,589 

 2,800 

 177 

 2,623 

 1982 

 2012 

 23 years 

 6489 

 Lincoln/Lakemont Family Practice 

 Lincolnton 

 NC 

 — 

 788 

 1,841 

 — 

 788 

 1,841 

 2,629 

 121 

 2,508 

 1998 

 2012 

 29 years 

 6631 

 Alamance Regional Mebane Outpatient Ctr. 

 Mebane 

 NC 

 12,172 

 1,963 

 14,291 

 — 

 1,963 

 14,291 

 16,254 

 599 

 15,655 

 2008 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6504 

 Midland Medical Park 

 Midland 

 NC 

 — 

 1,221 

 847 

 — 

 1,221 

 847 

 2,068 

 84 

 1,984 

 1998 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6512 

 East Rocky Mount Kidney Center 

 Rocky Mount 

 NC 

 — 

 803 

 998 

 — 

 803 

 998 

 1,801 

 60 

 1,741 

 2000 

 2012 

 33 years 

 6513 

 Rocky Mount Kidney Center 

 Rocky Mount 

 NC 

 — 

 479 

 1,297 

 — 

 479 

 1,297 

 1,776 

 76 

 1,700 

 1990 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6514 

 Rocky Mount Medical Park 

 Rocky Mount 

 NC 

 — 

 2,552 

 7,779 

 — 

 2,552 

 7,779 

 10,331 

 327 

 10,004 

 1991 

 2012 

 30 years 

 6630 

 English Road Medical Center 

 Rocky Mount 

 NC 

 4,905 

 1,321 

 3,747 

 — 

 1,321 

 3,747 

 5,068 

 207 

 4,861 

 2002 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6510 

 Rowan Outpatient Surgery Center 

 Salisbury 

 NC 

 — 

 1,039 

 5,184 

 — 

 1,039 

 5,184 

 6,223 

 173 

 6,050 

 2003 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6813 

 Del E Webb Medical Plaza 

 Henderson 

 NV 

 — 

 1,028 

 16,993 

 132 

 1,028 

 17,125 

 18,153 

 1,192 

 16,961 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6819 

 The Terrace at South Meadows 

 Reno 

 NV 

 7,353 

 504 

 9,966 

 383 

 504 

 10,349 

 10,853 

 712 

 10,141 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6610 

 Central NY Medical Center 

 Syracuse 

 NY 

 24,500 

 1,786 

 26,101 

 — 

 1,786 

 26,101 

 27,887 

 939 

 26,948 

 1997 

 2012 

 33 years 

 6627 

 Cogdell Cleveland Rehab LP 

 Beachwood 

 OH 

 — 

 1,800 

 12,579 

 — 

 1,800 

 12,579 

 14,379 

 — 

 14,379 

 CIP 

 2012 

 CIP 

 191 

 Table of Contents 

 2925 

 Anderson Medical Arts Building I 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 — 

 — 

 9,632 

 1,475 

 — 

 11,107 

 11,107 

 2,304 

 8,803 

 1984 

 2007 

 35 years 

 2926 

 Anderson Medical Arts Building II 

 Cincinnati 

 OH 

 — 

 — 

 15,123 

 2,159 

 — 

 17,282 

 17,282 

 3,284 

 13,998 

 2007 

 2007 

 35 years 

 3084 

 745 W State Street 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 7,800 

 545 

 10,686 

 (5,711 

 ) 

 540 

 4,980 

 5,520 

 413 

 5,107 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6200 

 Riverside North Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 8,420 

 785 

 8,519 

 — 

 785 

 8,519 

 9,304 

 268 

 9,036 

 1962 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6201 

 Riverside South Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 6,311 

 586 

 7,298 

 — 

 586 

 7,298 

 7,884 

 203 

 7,681 

 1985 

 2012 

 27 years 

 6202 

 340 East Town Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 5,862 

 10 

 9,443 

 — 

 10 

 9,443 

 9,453 

 196 

 9,257 

 1984 

 2012 

 29 years 

 6203 

 393 East Town Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 3,288 

 61 

 4,760 

 — 

 61 

 4,760 

 4,821 

 129 

 4,692 

 1970 

 2012 

 20 years 

 6204 

 141 South Sixth Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 1,544 

 80 

 1,113 

 — 

 80 

 1,113 

 1,193 

 46 

 1,147 

 1971 

 2012 

 14 years 

 6205 

 Doctors West Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 4,705 

 414 

 5,362 

 — 

 414 

 5,362 

 5,776 

 132 

 5,644 

 1998 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6208 

 Eastside Health Center 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 4,399 

 956 

 3,472 

 — 

 956 

 3,472 

 4,428 

 135 

 4,293 

 1977 

 2012 

 15 years 

 6220 

 Heart Center Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 11,560 

 1,063 

 12,140 

 — 

 1,063 

 12,140 

 13,203 

 251 

 12,952 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6221 

 Wilkins Medical Office Building 

 Columbus 

 OH 

 — 

 123 

 18,062 

 — 

 123 

 18,062 

 18,185 

 331 

 17,854 

 2002 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6207 

 Grady Medical Office Building 

 Delaware 

 OH 

 1,824 

 239 

 2,263 

 — 

 239 

 2,263 

 2,502 

 66 

 2,436 

 1991 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6206 

 Dublin Northwest Medical Office Building 

 Dublin 

 OH 

 3,118 

 342 

 3,278 

 — 

 342 

 3,278 

 3,620 

 73 

 3,547 

 2001 

 2012 

 34 years 

 6210 

 Preserve III Medical Office Building 

 Dublin 

 OH 

 9,684 

 2,449 

 7,025 

 — 

 2,449 

 7,025 

 9,474 

 159 

 9,315 

 2006 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6209 

 East Main Medical Office Building 

 Whitehall 

 OH 

 5,226 

 440 

 4,771 

 — 

 440 

 4,771 

 5,211 

 82 

 5,129 

 2006 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6950 

 Zanesville Surgery Center 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 172 

 9,403 

 — 

 172 

 9,403 

 9,575 

 491 

 9,084 

 2000 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6951 

 Dialysis Center 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 534 

 855 

 — 

 534 

 855 

 1,389 

 121 

 1,268 

 1960 

 2011 

 21 years 

 6952 

 Genesis Children’s Center 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 538 

 3,781 

 — 

 538 

 3,781 

 4,319 

 273 

 4,046 

 2006 

 2011 

 30 years 

 6953 

 Medical Arts Building I 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 429 

 2,405 

 83 

 429 

 2,488 

 2,917 

 256 

 2,661 

 1970 

 2011 

 20 years 

 6954 

 Medical Arts Building II 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 485 

 6,013 

 193 

 485 

 6,206 

 6,691 

 636 

 6,055 

 1995 

 2011 

 25 years 

 6955 

 Medical Arts Building III 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 94 

 1,248 

 — 

 94 

 1,248 

 1,342 

 124 

 1,218 

 1970 

 2011 

 25 years 

 6956 

 Primecare Building 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 130 

 1,344 

 — 

 130 

 1,344 

 1,474 

 197 

 1,277 

 1978 

 2011 

 20 years 

 6957 

 Outpatient Rehabilitation Building 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 82 

 1,541 

 — 

 82 

 1,541 

 1,623 

 120 

 1,503 

 1985 

 2011 

 28 years 

 192 

 Table of Contents 

 6958 

 Radiation Oncology Building 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 105 

 1,201 

 — 

 105 

 1,201 

 1,306 

 110 

 1,196 

 1988 

 2011 

 25 years 

 6959 

 Healthplex 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 2,488 

 15,849 

 74 

 2,488 

 15,923 

 18,411 

 1,179 

 17,232 

 1990 

 2011 

 32 years 

 6960 

 Physicians Pavilion 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 422 

 6,297 

 217 

 422 

 6,514 

 6,936 

 600 

 6,336 

 1990 

 2011 

 25 years 

 6961 

 Zanesville Northside Pharmacy 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 42 

 635 

 — 

 42 

 635 

 677 

 51 

 626 

 1985 

 2011 

 28 years 

 6962 

 Bethesda Campus MOB III 

 Zanesville 

 OH 

 — 

 188 

 1,137 

 — 

 188 

 1,137 

 1,325 

 103 

 1,222 

 1978 

 2011 

 25 years 

 6814 

 Tuality 7th Avenue Medical Plaza 

 Hillsboro 

 OR 

 19,899 

 1,516 

 24,638 

 311 

 1,516 

 24,949 

 26,465 

 1,503 

 24,962 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3003 

 DCMH Medical Office Building 

 Drexel Hill 

 PA 

 — 

 — 

 10,424 

 1,155 

 — 

 11,579 

 11,579 

 3,888 

 7,691 

 1984 

 2004 

 30 years 

 6350 

 Penn State University Outpatient Center 

 Hershey 

 PA 

 57,415 

 — 

 55,439 

 — 

 — 

 55,439 

 55,439 

 4,871 

 50,568 

 2008 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6605 

 Lancaster Rehabilitation Hospital 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 11,127 

 959 

 16,610 

 — 

 959 

 16,610 

 17,569 

 498 

 17,071 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6632 

 Lancaster ASC MOB 

 Lancaster 

 PA 

 9,741 

 593 

 17,117 

 — 

 593 

 17,117 

 17,710 

 527 

 17,183 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6340 

 St. Joseph Medical Office Building 

 Reading 

 PA 

 — 

 — 

 10,823 

 211 

 — 

 11,034 

 11,034 

 1,091 

 9,943 

 2006 

 2010 

 35 years 

 3002 

 Professional Office Building I 

 Upland 

 PA 

 — 

 — 

 6,283 

 995 

 — 

 7,278 

 7,278 

 2,364 

 4,914 

 1978 

 2004 

 30 years 

 6636 

 Doylestown Health & Wellness Center 

 Warrington 

 PA 

 — 

 4,452 

 17,383 

 — 

 4,452 

 17,383 

 21,835 

 647 

 21,188 

 2001 

 2012 

 34 years 

 6540 

 Beaufort Medical Plaza 

 Beaufort 

 SC 

 — 

 593 

 9,593 

 — 

 593 

 9,593 

 10,186 

 429 

 9,757 

 1999 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6541 

 Roper Medical Office Building 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 8,951 

 127 

 14,737 

 — 

 127 

 14,737 

 14,864 

 711 

 14,153 

 1990 

 2012 

 28 years 

 6543 

 St. Francis Medical Plaza (Charleston) 

 Charleston 

 SC 

 — 

 447 

 3,946 

 — 

 447 

 3,946 

 4,393 

 181 

 4,212 

 2003 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6526 

 Providence MOB I 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 225 

 4,274 

 — 

 225 

 4,274 

 4,499 

 310 

 4,189 

 1979 

 2012 

 18 years 

 6527 

 Providence MOB II 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 122 

 1,834 

 — 

 122 

 1,834 

 1,956 

 132 

 1,824 

 1985 

 2012 

 18 years 

 6528 

 Providence MOB III 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 766 

 4,406 

 — 

 766 

 4,406 

 5,172 

 233 

 4,939 

 1990 

 2012 

 23 years 

 6529 

 One Medical Park 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 — 

 210 

 7,939 

 — 

 210 

 7,939 

 8,149 

 477 

 7,672 

 1984 

 2012 

 19 years 

 6530 

 Three Medical Park 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 6,981 

 40 

 10,650 

 — 

 40 

 10,650 

 10,690 

 516 

 10,174 

 1988 

 2012 

 25 years 

 6531 

 Palmetto Health Parkridge 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 13,382 

 844 

 15,474 

 — 

 844 

 15,474 

 16,318 

 663 

 15,655 

 2003 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3070 

 St. Francis Millennium Medical Office Building 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 15,912 

 — 

 13,062 

 10,453 

 — 

 23,515 

 23,515 

 3,684 

 19,831 

 2009 

 2009 

 35 years 

 6550 

 200 Andrews 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 789 

 2,014 

 — 

 789 

 2,014 

 2,803 

 168 

 2,635 

 1994 

 2012 

 29 years 

 6552 

 St. Francis CMOB 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 501 

 7,661 

 — 

 501 

 7,661 

 8,162 

 265 

 7,897 

 2001 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6553 

 St. Francis Outpatient Surgery Center 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 1,007 

 16,538 

 — 

 1,007 

 16,538 

 17,545 

 569 

 16,976 

 2001 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6554 

 St. Francis Professional Medical Center 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 342 

 6,337 

 — 

 342 

 6,337 

 6,679 

 317 

 6,362 

 1984 

 2012 

 24 years 

 6555 

 St. Francis Women’s 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 322 

 4,877 

 — 

 322 

 4,877 

 5,199 

 321 

 4,878 

 1991 

 2012 

 24 years 

 193 

 Table of Contents 

 6556 

 St. Francis Medical Plaza (Greenville) 

 Greenville 

 SC 

 — 

 88 

 5,876 

 — 

 88 

 5,876 

 5,964 

 272 

 5,692 

 1998 

 2012 

 24 years 

 3072 

 Irmo Professional MOB 

 Irmo 

 SC 

 7,692 

 1,726 

 5,414 

 35 

 1,726 

 5,449 

 7,175 

 457 

 6,718 

 2004 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6536 

 River Hills Medical Plaza 

 Little River 

 SC 

 — 

 1,406 

 1,813 

 — 

 1,406 

 1,813 

 3,219 

 114 

 3,105 

 1999 

 2012 

 27 years 

 6542 

 Mount Pleasant Medical Office Longpoint 

 Mount Pleasant 

 SC 

 — 

 670 

 4,455 

 — 

 670 

 4,455 

 5,125 

 207 

 4,918 

 2001 

 2012 

 34 years 

 6535 

 Carolina Forest Medical Plaza 

 Myrtle Beach 

 SC 

 — 

 1,742 

 5,279 

 — 

 1,742 

 5,279 

 7,021 

 249 

 6,772 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6525 

 Medical Arts Center of Orangeburg 

 Orangeburg 

 SC 

 — 

 823 

 3,299 

 — 

 823 

 3,299 

 4,122 

 235 

 3,887 

 1984 

 2012 

 28 years 

 6551 

 Mary Black Westside Medical Office Bldg 

 Spartanburg 

 SC 

 — 

 291 

 5,057 

 — 

 291 

 5,057 

 5,348 

 220 

 5,128 

 1991 

 2012 

 31 years 

 3085 

 Colleton Medical Arts 

 Walterboro 

 SC 

 — 

 983 

 2,780 

 (1,854 

 ) 

 782 

 1,127 

 1,909 

 211 

 1,698 

 1998 

 2011 

 27 years 

 6570 

 Health Park Medical Office Building 

 Chattanooga 

 TN 

 6,679 

 2,305 

 8,949 

 — 

 2,305 

 8,949 

 11,254 

 293 

 10,961 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6571 

 Peerless Crossing Medical Center 

 Cleveland 

 TN 

 7,032 

 1,217 

 6,464 

 — 

 1,217 

 6,464 

 7,681 

 205 

 7,476 

 2006 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6642 

 Medical Center Physicians Tower 

 Jackson 

 TN 

 14,176 

 549 

 27,074 

 — 

 549 

 27,074 

 27,623 

 879 

 26,744 

 2010 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3086 

 Grandview MOB 

 Jasper 

 TN 

 — 

 1,011 

 5,322 

 (4,778 

 ) 

 901 

 654 

 1,555 

 236 

 1,319 

 1998 

 2011 

 29.5 years 

 2901 

 Abilene Medical Commons I 

 Abilene 

 TX 

 — 

 179 

 1,611 

 40 

 179 

 1,651 

 1,830 

 392 

 1,438 

 2000 

 2004 

 35 years 

 6020 

 Seton Medical Park Tower 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 805 

 41,527 

 — 

 805 

 41,527 

 42,332 

 673 

 41,659 

 1968 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6021 

 Seton Northwest Health Plaza 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 444 

 22,632 

 — 

 444 

 22,632 

 23,076 

 392 

 22,684 

 1988 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6030 

 Seton Southwest Health Plaza 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 294 

 5,311 

 — 

 294 

 5,311 

 5,605 

 96 

 5,509 

 2004 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6031 

 Seton Southwest Health Plaza II 

 Austin 

 TX 

 — 

 447 

 10,154 

 — 

 447 

 10,154 

 10,601 

 163 

 10,438 

 2009 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3074 

 East Houston MOB, LLC 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 356 

 2,877 

 (610 

 ) 

 328 

 2,295 

 2,623 

 386 

 2,237 

 1982 

 2011 

 15 years 

 3075 

 East Houston Medical Plaza 

 Houston 

 TX 

 — 

 671 

 426 

 237 

 671 

 663 

 1,334 

 166 

 1,168 

 1982 

 2011 

 11 years 

 3077 

 Mansfield MOB 

 Mansfield 

 TX 

 — 

 411 

 1,133 

 14 

 411 

 1,147 

 1,558 

 180 

 1,378 

 1998 

 2011 

 27 years 

 3060 

 Bayshore Surgery Center MOB 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 — 

 765 

 9,123 

 362 

 765 

 9,485 

 10,250 

 7,596 

 2,654 

 2001 

 2005 

 35 years 

 3061 

 Bayshore Rehabilitation Center MOB 

 Pasadena 

 TX 

 — 

 95 

 1,128 

 — 

 95 

 1,128 

 1,223 

 255 

 968 

 1988 

 2005 

 35 years 

 6380 

 Seton Williamson Medical Plaza 

 Round Rock 

 TX 

 — 

 — 

 15,074 

 419 

 — 

 15,493 

 15,493 

 1,840 

 13,653 

 2008 

 2010 

 35 years 

 6650 

 251 Medical Center 

 Webster 

 TX 

 — 

 1,158 

 12,078 

 — 

 1,158 

 12,078 

 13,236 

 526 

 12,710 

 2006 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6651 

 253 Medical Center 

 Webster 

 TX 

 — 

 1,181 

 11,862 

 — 

 1,181 

 11,862 

 13,043 

 492 

 12,551 

 2009 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3080 

 J. Hal Smith Building POB 

 Christianburg 

 VA 

 — 

 175 

 432 

 (283 

 ) 

 140 

 184 

 324 

 36 

 288 

 1997 

 2011 

 26 years 

 6520 

 MRMC MOB I 

 Mechanicsville 

 VA 

 5,709 

 1,669 

 7,024 

 — 

 1,669 

 7,024 

 8,693 

 375 

 8,318 

 1993 

 2012 

 31 years 

 3079 

 Henrico MOB 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 968 

 6,189 

 5 

 968 

 6,194 

 7,162 

 580 

 6,582 

 1976 

 2011 

 25 years 

 194 

 Table of Contents 

 6521 

 St. Mary’s MOB North (Floors 6 & 7) 

 Richmond 

 VA 

 — 

 227 

 2,961 

 — 

 227 

 2,961 

 3,188 

 213 

 2,975 

 1968 

 2012 

 22 years 

 6640 

 Bonney Lake Medical Office Building 

 Bonney Lake 

 WA 

 11,363 

 5,176 

 14,375 

 — 

 5,176 

 14,375 

 19,551 

 475 

 19,076 

 2011 

 2012 

 35 years 

 6641 

 Good Samaritan Medical Office Building 

 Puyallup 

 WA 

 15,067 

 781 

 30,368 

 — 

 781 

 30,368 

 31,149 

 760 

 30,389 

 2011 

 2012 

 35 years 

 2957 

 Holy Family Hospital Central MOB 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 — 

 — 

 19,085 

 — 

 — 

 19,085 

 19,085 

 — 

 19,085 

 2007 

 2012 

 35 years 

 3040 

 Physician’s Pavilion 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,411 

 32,939 

 78 

 1,411 

 33,017 

 34,428 

 2,101 

 32,327 

 2001 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3041 

 Administration Building 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 296 

 7,856 

 — 

 296 

 7,856 

 8,152 

 467 

 7,685 

 1972 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3042 

 Medical Center Physician’s Building 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,225 

 31,246 

 519 

 1,225 

 31,765 

 32,990 

 1,879 

 31,111 

 1980 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3043 

 Memorial MOB 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 663 

 12,626 

 158 

 663 

 12,784 

 13,447 

 791 

 12,656 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3044 

 Salmon Creek MOB 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,325 

 9,238 

 — 

 1,325 

 9,238 

 10,563 

 543 

 10,020 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3045 

 Fisher’s Landing MOB 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 1,590 

 5,420 

 — 

 1,590 

 5,420 

 7,010 

 384 

 6,626 

 1995 

 2011 

 34 years 

 3046 

 Healthy Steps Clinic 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 626 

 1,505 

 (1,088 

 ) 

 553 

 490 

 1,043 

 68 

 975 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3047 

 Columbia Medical Plaza 

 Vancouver 

 WA 

 — 

 281 

 5,266 

 139 

 281 

 5,405 

 5,686 

 348 

 5,338 

 1991 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6460 

 Appleton Heart Institute 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 — 

 7,775 

 1 

 — 

 7,776 

 7,776 

 872 

 6,904 

 2003 

 2010 

 39 years 

 6461 

 Appleton Medical Offices West 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 — 

 5,756 

 2 

 — 

 5,758 

 5,758 

 669 

 5,089 

 1989 

 2010 

 39 years 

 6462 

 Appleton Medical Offices South 

 Appleton 

 WI 

 — 

 — 

 9,058 

 167 

 — 

 9,225 

 9,225 

 994 

 8,231 

 1983 

 2010 

 39 years 

 3030 

 Brookfield Clinic 

 Brookfield 

 WI 

 — 

 2,638 

 4,093 

 — 

 2,638 

 4,093 

 6,731 

 299 

 6,432 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3031 

 Hartland Clinic 

 Hartland 

 WI 

 — 

 321 

 5,050 

 — 

 321 

 5,050 

 5,371 

 314 

 5,057 

 1994 

 2011 

 35 years 

 6463 

 Theda Clark Medical Center Office Pavilion 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 — 

 7,080 

 15 

 — 

 7,095 

 7,095 

 725 

 6,370 

 1993 

 2010 

 39 years 

 6464 

 Aylward Medical Building Condo Floors 3 & 4 

 Neenah 

 WI 

 — 

 — 

 4,462 

 — 

 — 

 4,462 

 4,462 

 408 

 4,054 

 2006 

 2010 

 39 years 

 3032 

 New Berlin Clinic 

 New Berlin 

 WI 

 — 

 678 

 7,121 

 — 

 678 

 7,121 

 7,799 

 476 

 7,323 

 1999 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3036 

 WestWood Health & Fitness 

 Pewaukee 

 WI 

 — 

 823 

 11,649 

 — 

 823 

 11,649 

 12,472 

 785 

 11,687 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3033 

 Watertown Clinic 

 Watertown 

 WI 

 — 

 166 

 3,234 

 — 

 166 

 3,234 

 3,400 

 194 

 3,206 

 2003 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3034 

 Southside Clinic 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 — 

 218 

 5,273 

 — 

 218 

 5,273 

 5,491 

 321 

 5,170 

 1997 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3035 

 Rehabilitation Hospital 

 Waukesha 

 WI 

 — 

 372 

 15,636 

 — 

 372 

 15,636 

 16,008 

 833 

 15,175 

 2008 

 2011 

 35 years 

 3021 

 Casper WY MOB 

 Casper 

 WY 

 — 

 3,015 

 26,513 

 99 

 3,017 

 26,610 

 29,627 

 4,092 

 25,535 

 2008 

 2008 

 35 years 

 TOTAL FOR MEDICAL OFFICE BUILDINGS 

 912,088 

 250,912 

 2,988,090 

 31,305 

 248,746 

 3,021,561 

 3,270,307 

 222,652 

 3,047,655 

 195 

 Table of Contents 

 TOTAL FOR ALL PROPERTIES 

 $ 

 3,022,924 

 $ 

 1,771,512 

 $ 

 16,812,382 

 $ 

 180,009 

 $ 

 1,772,417 

 $ 

 16,991,486 

 $ 

 18,763,903 

 $ 

 2,289,783 

 $ 

 16,474,120 

 196 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2012 . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2012 , at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The information set forth under “Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” and “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 9A. 
 Internal Control Changes 
 During the fourth quarter of 2012 , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 

 PART III 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings “Proposals Requiring Your Vote—Proposal 1: Election of Directors,” “Our Executive Officers,” “Securities Ownership—Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” “Corporate Governance—Governance Policies” and “Audit and Compliance Committee” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 30, 2013 . 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings “Executive Compensation,” “Non-Employee Director Compensation” and “Executive Compensation Committee” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 30, 2013 . 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and “Securities Ownership” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 30, 2013 . 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings “Corporate Governance—Transactions with Related Persons,” “Our Board of Directors—Director Independence,” “Audit and Compliance Committee,” “Executive Compensation Committee” and “Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 30, 2013 . 

 197 

 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the material under the heading “Proposals Requiring Your Vote—Proposal 2: Ratification of the Selection of Ernst & Young as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2013 ” in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 30, 2013 . 

 198 

 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents have been included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 81 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 83 

 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 84 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 85 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 85 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 87 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 89 

 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule 

 Schedule III—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 139 

 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

 199 

 Exhibits 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 3.1 

 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 

 3.2 

 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 

 4.1 

 Specimen common stock certificate. 

 Filed herewith. 

 4.2 

 Ventas, Inc. Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus included in our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on November 25, 2011, File No. 333-178185. 

 4.3 

 Indenture dated as of September 19, 2006 by and among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuer(s), the Guarantors named therein, as Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on April 7, 2006, File No. 333-133115. 

 4.4 

 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 16, 2010 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2010. 

 4.5 

 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 17, 2011 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 20, 2011. 

 4.6 

 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 14, 2012. 

 4.7 

 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 18, 2012. 

 4.8 

 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. 

 4.9 

 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2012. 

 4.10 

 Indenture dated as of August 19, 1997 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on July 25, 1997, File No. 333-32135. 

 200 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 4.11 

 Indenture dated as of January 13, 1999 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and Chase Manhattan Bank and Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on January 15, 1999, File No. 333-70707. 

 4.12 

 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2005 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 11, 2005, File No. 001-09028. 

 4.13 

 Indenture dated as of October 19, 2007 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 19, 2007, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.1.1 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 1 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.2 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 2 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.3 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 3 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.4 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 4 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.2.1 

 Form of Property Lease Agreement with respect to the Brookdale properties. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.2 

 Form of Lease Guaranty with respect to the Brookdale properties. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.3 

 Schedule of Agreements Substantially Identical in All Material Respects to the agreements incorporated by reference as Exhibits 10.2.1 and 10.2.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005. 

 10.2.4.1 

 Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of October 19, 2004 by and between Brookdale Provident Properties LLC and PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.4.2 

 Letter Agreement dated March 28, 2005 by and among Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Ventas Provident, LLC (successor to Provident Senior Living Trust). 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 4 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on April 11, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.4.3 

 Letter Agreement dated April 4, 2008 by and between Brookdale Provident Properties LLC and PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 201 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.2.4.4 

 First Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of February 11, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC, Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, Brookdale Provident Management LLC and Ventas Provident, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.2.4.5 

 Second Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of March 2, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, et al. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.2.4.6 

 Third Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of November 6, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, et al. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.2.4.7 

 Guaranty of Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of October 19, 2004 by Brookdale Living Communities, Inc. in favor of PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.5 

 Guaranty dated as of February 11, 2009 by Brookdale Senior Living Inc., for the benefit of the landlords with respect to the Brookdale and Alterra properties, PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and PSLT-ALS Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.3 

 Letter Agreement dated as of January 14, 2007 between Ventas, Inc. and Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.4 

 Loan Agreement dated May 17, 2011 by and between Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (as successor to Nationwide Health Properties, Inc.). 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 20, 2011. 

 10.5.1 

 Term Loan Agreement dated as of June 3, 2011 among Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (as successor to Nationwide Health Properties, Inc.), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 6, 2011, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.5.2 

 Guaranty Agreement dated as of July 1, 2011 among Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2011. 

 10.6 

 Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 18, 2011 among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc. and Ventas SSL Ontario III, Inc., as Borrowers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, L/C Issuer and Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2011. 

 10.7 

 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.8 

 Lockup Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.9 

 Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 202 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.10 

 Director Appointment Letter dated as of May 12, 2011 by Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.11* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2000 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 10.12* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2004 Stock Plan for Directors, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 10.13.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.13.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement—2006 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.13.3* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement—2006 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.14.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan for Directors, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 

 10.14.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.14.3* 

 Form of Amendment to Stock Option Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 

 10.14.4* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.15.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 23, 2012. 

 10.15.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.3* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Employees) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.4* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.5* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.6* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.16.1* 

 Ventas Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.16.2* 

 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 203 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.17.1* 

 Ventas Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.17.2* 

 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K fir the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.18.1* 

 Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. definitive Proxy Statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting, filed on March 24, 2005, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.18.2* 

 First Amendment to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, dated October 28, 2008. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.19.1* 

 Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended and restated on April 20, 2006. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.19.2* 

 Amendment to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended and restated on April 20, 2006. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.20* 

 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. dated October 28, 2008. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.21* 

 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of March 22, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and Debra A. Cafaro. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2011. 

 10.22.1* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of July 31, 1998 between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 10.22.2* 

 Amendment dated as of September 30, 1999 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 10.22.3* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.22.4* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.22.5* 

 Amended and Restated Change-in-Control Severance Agreement dated as of March 22, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2011. 

 10.23.1* 

 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of December 31, 2004 between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2005. 

 10.23.2* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.23.3* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.24.1* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002. 

 204 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.24.2* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.24.3* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.25* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of June 22, 2010 between Ventas, Inc. and Todd W. Lillibridge. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. 

 10.26* 

 Letter Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and Douglas M. Pasquale. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2011. 

 10.27* 

 Ventas Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.28 

 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended, File No. 333-89312. 

 12 

 Statement Regarding Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

 Filed herewith. 

 21 

 Subsidiaries of Ventas, Inc. 

 Filed herewith. 

 23 

 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 

 Filed herewith. 

 31.1 

 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 

 Filed herewith. 

 31.2 

 Certification of Richard A. Schweinhart, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 

 Filed herewith. 

 32.1 

 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

 Filed herewith. 

 32.2 

 Certification of Richard A. Schweinhart, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

 Filed herewith. 

 101 

 Interactive Data File. 

 Filed herewith. 

 ________________________ 
 * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

 205 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 18, 2013 

 VENTAS, INC. 

 By: 

 /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO 

 Debra A. Cafaro
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 Signature 

 Title 

 Date 

 /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

 February 18, 2013 

 Debra A. Cafaro 

 /s/ RICHARD A. SCHWEINHART 

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 February 18, 2013 

 Richard A. Schweinhart 

 /s/ ROBERT J. BREHL 

 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 February 18, 2013 

 Robert J. Brehl 

 /s/ DOUGLAS CROCKER II 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Douglas Crocker II 

 /s/ RONALD G. GEARY 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Ronald G. Geary 

 /s/ JAY M. GELLERT 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Jay M. Gellert 

 /s/ RICHARD I. GILCHRIST 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Richard I. Gilchrist 

 /s/ MATTHEW J. LUSTIG 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Matthew J. Lustig 

 /s/ DOUGLAS M. PASQUALE 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Douglas M. Pasquale 

 /s/ ROBERT D. REED 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Robert D. Reed 

 206 

 Signature 

 Title 

 Date 

 /s/ SHELI Z. ROSENBERG 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Sheli Z. Rosenberg 

 /s/ GLENN J. RUFRANO 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 Glenn J. Rufrano 

 /s/ JAMES D. SHELTON 

 Director 

 February 18, 2013 

 James D. Shelton 

 207 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 3.1 

 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 

 3.2 

 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 

 4.1 

 Specimen common stock certificate. 

 Filed herewith. 

 4.2 

 Ventas, Inc. Distribution Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus included in our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on November 25, 2011, File No. 333-178185. 

 4.3 

 Indenture dated as of September 19, 2006 by and among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuer(s), the Guarantors named therein, as Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on April 7, 2006, File No. 333-133115. 

 4.4 

 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 16, 2010 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2010. 

 4.5 

 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 17, 2011 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 20, 2011. 

 4.6 

 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 14, 2012. 

 4.7 

 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 18, 2012. 

 4.8 

 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. 

 4.9 

 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2012 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Ventas Capital Corporation, as Issuers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2012. 

 4.10 

 Indenture dated as of August 19, 1997 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on July 25, 1997, File No. 333-32135. 

 208 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 4.11 

 Indenture dated as of January 13, 1999 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and Chase Manhattan Bank and Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on January 15, 1999, File No. 333-70707. 

 4.12 

 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2005 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 11, 2005, File No. 001-09028. 

 4.13 

 Indenture dated as of October 19, 2007 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 19, 2007, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.1.1 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 1 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.2 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 2 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.3 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 3 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.1.4 

 Second Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement No. 4 dated as of April 27, 2007 for lease executed by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Lessor, and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. and Kindred Healthcare Operating, Inc., as Tenant. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2007. 

 10.2.1 

 Form of Property Lease Agreement with respect to the Brookdale properties. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.2 

 Form of Lease Guaranty with respect to the Brookdale properties. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.3 

 Schedule of Agreements Substantially Identical in All Material Respects to the agreements incorporated by reference as Exhibits 10.2.1 and 10.2.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005. 

 10.2.4.1 

 Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of October 19, 2004 by and between Brookdale Provident Properties LLC and PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.4.2 

 Letter Agreement dated March 28, 2005 by and among Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Ventas Provident, LLC (successor to Provident Senior Living Trust). 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 4 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on April 11, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.4.3 

 Letter Agreement dated April 4, 2008 by and between Brookdale Provident Properties LLC and PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 209 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.2.4.4 

 First Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of February 11, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC, Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, Brookdale Provident Management LLC and Ventas Provident, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.2.4.5 

 Second Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of March 2, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, et al. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.2.4.6 

 Third Amendment to Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of November 6, 2009 by and between PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and Brookdale Provident Properties LLC, et al. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.2.4.7 

 Guaranty of Agreement Regarding Leases dated as of October 19, 2004 by Brookdale Living Communities, Inc. in favor of PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 2 to Provident Senior Living Trust’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on January 18, 2005, File No. 333-120206. 

 10.2.5 

 Guaranty dated as of February 11, 2009 by Brookdale Senior Living Inc., for the benefit of the landlords with respect to the Brookdale and Alterra properties, PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC and PSLT-ALS Properties Holdings, LLC. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 10.3 

 Letter Agreement dated as of January 14, 2007 between Ventas, Inc. and Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.4 

 Loan Agreement dated May 17, 2011 by and between Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership and Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (as successor to Nationwide Health Properties, Inc.). 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 20, 2011. 

 10.5.1 

 Term Loan Agreement dated as of June 3, 2011 among Nationwide Health Properties, LLC (as successor to Nationwide Health Properties, Inc.), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 6, 2011, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.5.2 

 Guaranty Agreement dated as of July 1, 2011 among Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2011. 

 10.6 

 Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 18, 2011 among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc. and Ventas SSL Ontario III, Inc., as Borrowers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, L/C Issuer and Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2011. 

 10.7 

 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.8 

 Lockup Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.9 

 Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of May 12, 2011 by and among Ventas, Inc., Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, Lazard Senior Housing Partners LP and LSHP Coinvestment Partnership I LP. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 210 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.10 

 Director Appointment Letter dated as of May 12, 2011 by Ventas, Inc. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2011. 

 10.11* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2000 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 10.12* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2004 Stock Plan for Directors, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 10.13.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.13.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement—2006 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.13.3* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement—2006 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 10.14.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan for Directors, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 

 10.14.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.14.3* 

 Form of Amendment to Stock Option Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 

 10.14.4* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement—2006 Stock Plan for Directors. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.15.1* 

 Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 23, 2012. 

 10.15.2* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.3* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Employees) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.4* 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.5* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.15.6* 

 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 

 10.16.1* 

 Ventas Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.16.2* 

 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 211 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.17.1* 

 Ventas Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.17.2* 

 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.18.1* 

 Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan. 

 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. definitive Proxy Statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting, filed on March 24, 2005, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.18.2* 

 First Amendment to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, dated October 28, 2008. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.19.1* 

 Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended and restated on April 20, 2006. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.19.2* 

 Amendment to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended and restated on April 20, 2006. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.20* 

 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. dated October 28, 2008. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 3, 2008, File No. 001-09028. 

 10.21* 

 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of March 22, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and Debra A. Cafaro. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2011. 

 10.22.1* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of July 31, 1998 between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 10.22.2* 

 Amendment dated as of September 30, 1999 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 10.22.3* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.22.4* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.22.5* 

 Amended and Restated Change-in-Control Severance Agreement dated as of March 22, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and T. Richard Riney. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2011. 

 10.23.1* 

 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of December 31, 2004 between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2005. 

 10.23.2* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.23.3* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Richard A. Schweinhart. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.24.1* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002. 

 212 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Document 

 Location of Document 

 10.24.2* 

 Amendment dated as of March 19, 2007 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 23, 2007. 

 10.24.3* 

 Amendment dated as of December 31, 2008 to Employment Agreement between Ventas, Inc. and Raymond J. Lewis. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.25* 

 Employment Agreement dated as of June 22, 2010 between Ventas, Inc. and Todd W. Lillibridge. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. 

 10.26* 

 Letter Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and Douglas M. Pasquale. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2011. 

 10.27* 

 Ventas Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 10.28 

 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership. 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended, File No. 333-89312. 

 12 

 Statement Regarding Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

 Filed herewith. 

 21 

 Subsidiaries of Ventas, Inc. 

 Filed herewith. 

 23 

 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 

 Filed herewith. 

 31.1 

 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 

 Filed herewith. 

 31.2 

 Certification of Richard A. Schweinhart, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 

 Filed herewith. 

 32.1 

 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

 Filed herewith. 

 32.2 

 Certification of Richard A. Schweinhart, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

 Filed herewith. 

 101 

 Interactive Data File. 

 Filed herewith. 

 ________________________ 
 * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

 213