# WELL 10-K 申報日 2013-02-26 期末 2012-12-31
# accession 0000766704-13-000006
# https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/766704/000076670413000006/10K.htm
# 取件來源:EDGAR

10-K
 1
 10K.htm
 10-K

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 

 Commission
File No. 1-8923 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

 Delaware 

 34-1096634 

 (State or other jurisdiction of 

 incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer 

 Identification No.) 

 4500 Dorr Street, Toledo, Ohio 

 43615 

 (Address of principal executive office) 

 (Zip Code) 

 (419) 247-2800 

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title
 of Each Class 

 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

 Common Stock, $1.00 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 6.50% Series I Cumulative 

 Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, $1.00 par
 value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 6.50% Series J Cumulative 

 Redeemable Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes þ No o 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No þ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing
requirements for at least the past 90 days. Yes þ No o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes þ No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this
Form 10-K. R 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer þ 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting
 company) 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes o No þ 

 The aggregate market value of the shares of
voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by
reference to the closing sales price of such shares on the New York Stock
Exchange as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter was $12,459,634,449. 

 As of January 31, 2013, the registrant had
260,433,734 shares of common stock outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the registrant’s definitive
proxy statement for the annual stockholders’ meeting to be held May 2,
2013, are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 

 2012 FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

 Page 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 

 Business 

 4 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 26 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 35 

 Item 2. 

 Properties 

 36 

 Item 3. 

 Item 4. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 38 

 38 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant’s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 39 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 41 

 Item 7. 

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 

 42 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 

 70 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 

 71 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 106 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 106 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information 

 107 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 108 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 108 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 108 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
 Independence 

 108 

 Item 14. 

 Principal Accounting Fees and
 Services 

 108 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 109 

 3 

 PART I 

 Item 1. Business 

 General 

 Health Care REIT, Inc. is a real estate investment
trust (“REIT”) that has been at the forefront of seniors housing and health
care real estate since the company was founded in 1970. We are an S&P 500
company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio. Our portfolio spans the full spectrum of
seniors housing and health care real estate, including seniors housing
communities, skilled nursing/post-acute facilities, medical office buildings,
inpatient and outpatient medical centers and life science facilities. Our
capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and
property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring,
planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate
assets. More information is available on the Internet at www.hcreit.com. 

 Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder
capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends
to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to
stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and
portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum
of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment
portfolio by property type, customer and geographic location. 

 Depending upon the availability and cost of external
capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund operations, meet debt
service obligations (both principal and interest), make dividend distributions
and complete construction projects in process. We also continuously evaluate
opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally
funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured line of credit
arrangement, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment
dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and
principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future
investments, which replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured line of
credit arrangement, has historically been provided through a combination of the
issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption
of secured debt. 

 References herein to “we,” “us,” “our” or the
“Company” refer to Health Care REIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless
specifically noted otherwise. 

 Portfolio of Properties 

 Please see “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Executive Summary –
Company Overview” for a table that summarizes our portfolio as of December 31,
2012. 

 Property Types 

 We invest in seniors housing and health care real estate
and evaluate our business on three reportable segments: seniors housing
triple-net, seniors housing operating, and medical facilities. For
additional information regarding our segments, please see Note 17 to our
consolidated financial statements. The accounting
policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of
significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements. The following is a summary of our various property types. 

 Seniors Housing Triple-Net 

 Our seniors
housing triple-net properties include independent living facilities, continuing
care retirement communities, assisted living facilities, Alzheimer’s/dementia
facilities, skilled nursing/post-acute facilities and combinations thereof. We
invest primarily through acquisitions and development. Our properties are
primarily leased to operators under long-term, triple-net master leases. We are
not involved in property management. Our properties include stand-alone facilities
that provide one level of service, combination facilities that provide multiple
levels of service, and communities or campuses that provide a wide range of
services. 

 Independent
Living Facilities. Independent living facilities are
age-restricted, multifamily properties with central dining facilities that
provide residents access to meals and other services such as housekeeping,
linen service, transportation and social and recreational activities. 

 Continuing
Care Retirement Communities. Continuing care retirement
communities typically include a combination of detached homes, an independent
living facility, an assisted living facility and/or a skilled nursing facility
on one campus. These communities appeal to residents because there is no need to
relocate when health and medical needs change. Resident payment plans vary, but
can 

 4 

 include entrance fees, condominium fees and rental
fees. Many of these communities also charge monthly maintenance fees in
exchange for a living unit, meals and some health services. 

 Assisted
Living Facilities . Assisted living facilities are state regulated rental
properties that provide the same services as independent living facilities, but
also provide supportive care from trained employees to residents who require
assistance with activities of daily living, including, but not limited to, management
of medications, bathing, dressing, toileting, ambulating and eating. 

 Alzheimer’s/Dementia
Care Facilities. Certain assisted living facilities may include
state licensed settings that specialize in caring for those afflicted with
Alzheimer’s disease and/or other types of dementia. 

 Skilled
Nursing/Post-Acute Facilities . Skilled nursing/post-acute facilities are
licensed daily rate or rental properties where the majority of individuals
require 24-hour nursing and/or medical care. Generally, these properties are
licensed for Medicaid and/or Medicare reimbursement. All facilities offer some
level of rehabilitation services. Some facilities focus on higher acuity
patients and offer rehabilitation units specializing in cardiac, orthopedic,
dialysis, neurological or pulmonary rehabilitation. 

 Our seniors housing triple-net
segment accounted for 41%, 46% and 60% of total revenues (including
discontinued operations) for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. We lease 177 facilities to Genesis HealthCare, LLC pursuant to a
long-term, triple-net master lease. In addition to rent, the master lease
requires Genesis to pay all operating costs, utilities, real estate taxes,
insurance, building repairs, maintenance costs and all obligations under the
ground leases. All obligations under the master lease have been guaranteed by
FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC. For the year ended December 31, 2012, our
lease with Genesis accounted for approximately 31% of our seniors housing
triple-net segment revenues and 13% of our total revenues. 

 Seniors
Housing Operating 

 Our seniors
housing operating properties include the same facility types described in “Item
1 – Business – Property Types – Seniors Housing Triple-Net.” Properties are
primarily held in consolidated joint venture entities with operating partners. We
utilize the structure proposed in the REIT Investment Diversification Act of
2007, which is commonly referred to as a “RIDEA” structure (the provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code authorizing the RIDEA structure were enacted as part
of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008). 

 Our seniors housing operating
segment accounted for 37%, 32% and 7% of total revenues (including discontinued
operations) for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. We have relationships with eight operators to own and operate 154
facilities (plus 39 facilities in an unconsolidated joint venture). In each
instance, our partner provides management services to the properties pursuant
to an incentive-based management contract. We rely on our partners to
effectively and efficiently manage these properties. Please see Note 21 to our
consolidated financial statements for information regarding our acquisition of
Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. on January 9, 2013. The following table provides
information about our seniors housing operating concentration for the year
ended December 31, 2012: 

 Partner %
of Segment Revenues % of Total Revenues 

 Benchmark Senior Living, LLC 32% 12% 

 Merrill Gardens LLC 31% 11% 

 Medical Facilities 

 Our medical
facilities include medical office buildings, hospitals and life science
facilities. We typically lease our medical office buildings to multiple
tenants and provide varying levels of property management. Our hospital
investments are typically structured similar to our seniors housing triple-net
investments. Our life science investment represents an investment in an
unconsolidated joint venture entity (see Note 7 to our consolidated financial
statements). Our medical facilities segment accounted for 22%, 22% and 32% of
total revenues (including discontinued operations) for the years ended December
31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. No single tenant exceeds 20% of segment
revenues. 

 Medical
Office Buildings . The medical office building portfolio consists of health
care related buildings that generally include physician offices, ambulatory
surgery centers, diagnostic facilities, outpatient services and/or labs. Our
portfolio has a strong affiliation with health systems. Approximately 92% of
our medical office building portfolio is affiliated with health systems by
having buildings on hospital campuses or serving as satellite locations for the
health system and their physicians. 

 Hospitals . 
Our hospitals generally include acute care hospitals, inpatient rehabilitation
hospitals, and long-term acute care hospitals. Acute care hospitals provide a
wide range of inpatient and outpatient services, including, but not limited to,
surgery, 

 5 

 rehabilitation, therapy and clinical
laboratories. Inpatient rehabilitation hospitals provide inpatient services for
patients with intensive rehabilitation needs. Long-term acute care hospitals
provide inpatient services for patients with complex medical conditions that
require more intensive care, monitoring or emergency support than is available
in most skilled nursing facilities. 

 Life Science Facilities . 
The life science portfolio consists of laboratory and office facilities
specifically designed and constructed for use by biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies. These facilities are located adjacent to The
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which is a well-established market known
for pharmaceutical and biotechnology research. They are similar to commercial
office buildings with advanced HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning),
electrical and mechanical systems. 

 Investments 

 Depending upon market conditions, we believe that new
investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of
capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. We invest
in seniors housing and health care real estate primarily through acquisitions,
developments and joint venture partnerships. For additional information
regarding acquisition and development activity, please see Note 3 to our
consolidated financial statements. We diversify our investment portfolio by
property type, customer and geographic location. In determining whether to
invest in a property, we focus on the following: (1) the experience of the
obligor’s/partner’s management team; (2) the historical and projected
financial and operational performance of the property; (3) the credit of
the obligor/partner; (4) the security for any lease or loan; (5) the real
estate attributes of the building and its location; (6) the capital
committed to the property by the obligor/partner; and (7) the operating
fundamentals of the applicable industry. We conduct market research and
analysis for all potential investments. In addition, we review the value of all
properties, the interest rates and covenant requirements of any facility-level
debt to be assumed at the time of the acquisition and the anticipated sources
of repayment of any existing debt that is not to be assumed at the time of the
acquisition. 

 We monitor our investments through a variety of methods
determined by the type of property. Our proactive and comprehensive asset
management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of
monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review
of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of
covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit
and other collateral. Our internal property management division actively
manages and monitors the medical office building portfolio with a comprehensive
process including tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health
service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance,
capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. In
monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database to collect
and analyze property-specific data. Additionally, we conduct extensive research
to ascertain industry trends. 

 We evaluate the operating environment in each
property’s market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the
facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate
or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene
at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both
the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. 

 Investment Types 

 Real Property. Our
properties are primarily comprised of land, building, improvements and related
rights. Our hospitals and seniors housing triple-net properties are generally
leased to operators under long-term operating leases. The leases generally
have a fixed contractual term of 12 to 15 years and contain one or more
five to 15-year renewal options. Certain of our leases also contain purchase
options. Most of our rents are received under triple-net leases requiring the
operator to pay rent and all additional charges incurred in the operation of
the leased property. The tenants are required to repair, rebuild and maintain
the leased properties. Substantially all of these operating leases are designed
with escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are
generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period,
subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with
contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual
cash rental payments due for the period. 

 At December 31, 2012, approximately 91% of our
hospitals and seniors housing triple-net properties were subject to master
leases. A master lease is a lease of multiple properties to one tenant entity
under a single lease agreement. From time to time, we may acquire additional
properties that are then leased to the tenant under the master lease. The
tenant is required to make one monthly payment that represents rent on all the
properties that are subject to the master lease. Typically, the master lease
tenant can exercise its right to purchase the properties or to renew the master
lease only with respect to all leased properties at the same time. This
bundling feature benefits us because the tenant cannot limit the purchase or
renewal to the better performing properties and terminate the leasing
arrangement with respect to the poorer performing properties. This spreads our
risk among the entire group of properties within the master lease. The bundling
feature should provide a similar advantage if the master lease tenant is in
bankruptcy. Subject to certain restrictions, a debtor in bankruptcy has the
right to assume or reject each of its leases. It is our intent that a tenant in
bankruptcy would be required to assume or reject the master lease as a whole,
rather than deciding on a property by property basis. 

 6 

 Our medical office building
portfolio is primarily self-managed and consists principally of multi-tenant
properties leased to health care providers. Our leases have favorable lease terms
that typically include increasers and some form of operating expense
reimbursement by the tenant. As of December 31, 2012, 83% of our portfolio
included leases with full pass through, 15% with a partial expense
reimbursement (modified gross) and 2% with no expense reimbursement (gross).
Our medical office building leases are non-cancellable operating leases that
have a weighted-average remaining term of 8.0 years at December 31, 2012 and
are often credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. 

 Construction. We
occasionally provide for the construction of properties for tenants as part of
long-term operating leases. We capitalize certain interest costs associated
with funds used for the construction of properties owned by us. The amount
capitalized is based upon the amount advanced during the construction period
using the rate of interest that approximates our company-wide cost of
financing. Our interest expense is reduced by the amount capitalized. We also
typically charge a transaction fee at the commencement of construction which we
defer and amortize to income over the term of the resulting lease. The
construction period commences upon funding and terminates upon the earlier of
the completion of the applicable property or the end of a specified period.
During the construction period, we advance funds to the tenants in accordance
with agreed upon terms and conditions which require, among other things,
periodic site visits by a Company representative. During the construction
period, we generally require an additional credit enhancement in the form of
payment and performance bonds and/or completion guaranties. At December 31,
2012, we had outstanding construction investments of $162,984,000 and were committed
to provide additional funds of approximately $213,255,000 to complete
construction for investment properties. 

 Real Estate Loans. Our real estate loans are typically structured to provide us
with interest income, principal amortization and transaction fees and are
generally secured by first/second mortgage liens, leasehold mortgages,
corporate guaranties and/or personal guaranties. At December 31, 2012, we had
outstanding real estate loans of $895,665,000. The interest yield averaged approximately
6.4% per annum on our outstanding real estate loan balances. Our yield on real
estate loans depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest
rate, average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any
interest rate adjustments. The real estate loans outstanding at December 31,
2012 are generally subject to one to 15-year terms with principal amortization
schedules and/or balloon payments of the outstanding principal balances at the
end of the term. Typically, real estate loans are cross-defaulted and
cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or
agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities . 
Our investments in unconsolidated entities generally represent interests
ranging from 10% to 50% in real estate assets. Investments in less than
majority owned entities where our interests represent a general partnership
interest but substantive participating or kick-out rights have been granted to
the limited partners, or where our interests do not represent the general
partnership interest and we do not control the major operating and financial
policies of the entity, are reported under the equity method of accounting.
Under the equity method of accounting, our share of the investee’s earnings or
losses is included in our consolidated results of operations. To the extent
that our cost basis is different from the basis reflected at the entity level,
the basis difference is generally amortized over the lives of the related
assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in our share of
equity in earnings of the entity. The initial carrying value of investments in
unconsolidated entities is based on the amount paid to purchase the entity
interest or the estimated fair value of the assets prior to the sale of
interests in the entity. Other equity investments include an investment in
available-for-sale securities. These equity investments represented a minimal
ownership interest in these companies. We evaluate our equity method
investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value
of the equity method investment to its carrying value. When we determine a
decline in the estimated fair value of such an investment below its carrying value
is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded. See Note 7 to our
consolidated financial statements for more information. 

 Principles
of Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint venture entities that we
control, through voting rights or other means. All material intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 At inception of the joint venture transactions, we
identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting
rights (“variable interest entities” or “VIEs”) and determine which business
enterprise is the primary beneficiary of its operations. A VIE is broadly
defined as an entity where either (i) the equity investors as a group, if
any, do not have a controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity
investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity’s activities without
additional subordinated financial support. We consolidate investments in VIEs
when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 810, Consolidations , requires enterprises to
perform a qualitative approach to determining whether or not a VIE will need to
be consolidated on a continuous basis. This evaluation is based on an
enterprise’s ability to direct and influence the activities of a VIE that most
significantly impact that entity’s economic performance. 

 For investments in joint ventures, we evaluate the type
of rights held by the limited partner(s), which may preclude consolidation in
circumstances in which the sole general partner would otherwise consolidate the
limited partnership. The assessment of limited 

 7 

 partners’
rights and their impact on the presumption of control over a limited
partnership by the sole general partner should be made when an investor becomes
the sole general partner and should be reassessed if (i) there is a change
to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, (ii) the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership
in the limited partnership interests, or (iii) there is an increase or
decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We
similarly evaluate the rights of managing members of limited liability companies. 

 Borrowing
Policies 

 We utilize a combination of debt and equity
to fund investments. Our debt and equity levels are determined by management to
maintain a conservative credit profile. Generally, we intend to issue
unsecured, fixed-rate public debt with long-term maturities to approximate the
maturities on our leases and loans. For short-term purposes, we may borrow on
our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement. We replace these borrowings
with long-term capital such as senior unsecured notes, common stock or
preferred stock. When terms are deemed favorable, we may invest in properties
subject to existing mortgage indebtedness. In addition, we may obtain secured
financing for unleveraged properties in which we have invested or may refinance
properties acquired on a leveraged basis. In our agreements with our lenders,
we are subject to restrictions with respect to secured and unsecured
indebtedness. 

 Competition 

 We compete with
other real estate investment trusts, real estate partnerships, private equity
and hedge fund investors, banks, insurance companies, finance/investment
companies, government-sponsored agencies, taxable and tax-exempt bond funds,
health care operators, developers and other investors in the acquisition,
development, leasing and financing of health care and seniors housing
properties. We compete for investments based on a number of factors including
investment structures, underwriting criteria and reputation. Our ability to
successfully compete is impacted by economic and demographic trends,
availability of acceptable investment opportunities, our ability to negotiate
beneficial investment terms, availability and cost of capital, construction and
renovation costs and new and existing laws and regulations. 

 The
operators/tenants of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with
operators/tenants of properties that provide comparable services.
Operators/tenants compete for patients and residents based on a number of
factors including quality of care, reputation, physical appearance of
properties, location, services offered, family preferences, physicians, staff
and price. We also face competition from other health care facilities for
tenants, such as physicians and other health care providers that provide
comparable facilities and services. 

 For additional
information on the risks associated with our business, please see
“Item 1A — Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Employees As of January 31, 2013, we had
366 employees. 

 Customer Concentrations Please see Note 8 to our
consolidated financial statements. 

 Geographic Concentrations Please see “Item 2 –
Properties” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Certain Government
Regulations 

 Health
Law Matters — Generally 

Typically, operators of seniors housing facilities do not receive significant
funding from government programs and are largely subject to state laws, as
opposed to federal laws. Operators of skilled nursing facilities and hospitals
do receive significant funding from government programs, and these facilities
are subject to the federal and state laws that regulate the type and quality of
the medical and/or nursing care provided, ancillary services ( e.g., respiratory,
occupational, physical and infusion therapies), qualifications of the
administrative personnel and nursing staff, the adequacy of the physical plant
and equipment, reimbursement and rate setting and operating policies. In
addition, as described below, operators of these facilities are subject to
extensive laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse,
including, but not limited to, the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal
Stark Law, and the Federal False Claims Act, as well as comparable state law
counterparts. Hospitals, physician group practice clinics, and other health
care providers that operate in our portfolio are subject to extensive federal,
state, and local licensure, registration, certification, and inspection laws,
regulations, and industry standards. Our tenants’ failure to comply with any of
these, and other, laws could result in loss of accreditation; denial of
reimbursement; imposition of fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion
from federal and state health care programs; loss of license; or closure of the
facility. 

 Licensing
and Certification 

 8 

 The primary regulations that affect seniors housing
facilities with assisted living are state licensing and registration laws. In
granting and renewing these licenses, the state regulatory agencies consider
numerous factors relating to a property’s physical plant and operations,
including, but not limited to, admission and discharge standards, staffing, and
training. A decision to grant or renew a license is also affected by a property
owner’s record with respect to patient and consumer rights, medication guidelines,
and rules. Certain of the seniors housing facilities mortgaged to or owned by
us may require the resident to pay an entrance or upfront fee, a portion of
which may be refundable. These entrance fee communities are subject to
significant state regulatory oversight, including, for example, oversight of
each facility’s financial condition; establishment and monitoring of reserve
requirements, and other financial restrictions; the right of residents to
cancel their contracts within a specified period of time; lien rights in favor
of residents; restrictions on change of ownership; and similar matters. Such
oversight, and the rights of residents within these entrance fee communities,
may have an effect on the revenue or operations of the operators of such
facilities, and, therefore, may adversely affect us. 

Certain health care facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and
certificate of need (“CON”) laws and regulations. Where applicable, CON laws
generally require, among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the
need for (1) constructing a new facility, (2) adding beds or expanding an
existing facility, (3) investing in major capital equipment or adding new
services, (4) changing the ownership or control of an existing licensed
facility, or (5) terminating services that have been previously approved
through the CON process. Certain state CON laws and regulations may restrict
the ability of operators to add new properties or expand an existing facility’s
size or services. In addition, CON laws may constrain the ability of an
operator to transfer responsibility for operating a particular facility to a
new operator. If we have to replace a property operator who is excluded from
participating in a federal or state health care program (as discussed below),
our ability to replace the operator may be affected by a particular state’s CON
laws, regulations, and applicable guidance governing changes in provider
control. 

With respect to licensure, generally our skilled nursing facilities and acute
care facilities are required to be licensed and certified for participation in
Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal health care programs. This generally
requires license renewals and compliance surveys on an annual or bi-annual
basis. The failure of our operators to maintain or renew any required license
or regulatory approval as well as the failure of our operators to correct
serious deficiencies identified in a compliance survey could require those
operators to discontinue operations at a property. In addition, if a property
is found to be out of compliance with Medicare, Medicaid, or other health care
program conditions of participation, the property operator may be excluded from
participating in those government health care programs. Any such occurrence
may impair an operator’s ability to meet their financial obligations to us. If
we have to replace an excluded-property operator, our ability to replace the
operator may be affected by federal and state laws, regulations, and applicable
guidance governing changes in provider control. This may result in payment
delays, an inability to find a replacement operator, a significant working
capital commitment from us to a new operator or other difficulties. 

 Reimbursement 

Seniors Housing Facilities (excluding skilled nursing facilities). Approximately 58% of our overall revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2012 were attributable to seniors housing
facilities. The majority of the revenues received by the operators of these
facilities are from private pay sources. The remaining revenue source is
primarily Medicaid under certain waiver programs. As a part of the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act (“OBRA”) of 1981, Congress established a waiver
program enabling some states to offer Medicaid reimbursement to assisted living
providers as an alternative to institutional long-term care services. The
provisions of OBRA and the subsequent OBRA Acts of 1987 and 1990 permit states
to seek a waiver from typical Medicaid requirements to develop cost-effective
alternatives to long-term care, including Medicaid payments for assisted living
and home health. As of December 31, 2012, ten of our 42 seniors housing
operators received Medicaid reimbursement pursuant to Medicaid waiver programs.
For the twelve months ended September 30, 2012, approximately 4% of the
revenues at our seniors housing facilities were from Medicaid reimbursement.
There can be no guarantee that a state Medicaid program operating pursuant to a
waiver will be able to maintain its waiver status. 

Rates paid by self-pay residents are set by the facilities and are determined
by local market conditions and operating costs. Generally, facilities receive a
higher payment per day for a private pay resident than for a Medicaid beneficiary
who requires a comparable level of care. The level of Medicaid reimbursement
varies from state to state. Thus, the revenues generated by operators of our
assisted living facilities may be adversely affected by payor mix, acuity
level, changes in Medicaid eligibility, and reimbursement levels. In addition,
a state could lose its Medicaid waiver and no longer be permitted to utilize
Medicaid dollars to reimburse for assisted living services. Changes in revenues
could in turn have a material adverse effect on an operator’s ability to meet
its obligations to us. 

Skilled Nursing Facilities and Hospitals. Skilled nursing facilities and hospitals typically receive
most of their revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with the
balance representing reimbursement payments from private payors, including
private 

 9 

 insurers. Consequently, changes in federal or
state reimbursement policies may also adversely affect an operator’s ability to
cover its expenses, including our rent or debt service. Skilled nursing
facilities and hospitals are subject to periodic pre- and post-payment reviews,
and other audits by federal and state authorities. A review or audit of a
property operator’s claims could result in recoupments, denials, or delay of
payments in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on the
operator’s ability to meet its financial obligations to us. Due to the
significant judgments and estimates inherent in payor settlement accounting, no
assurance can be given as to the adequacy of any reserves maintained by our
property operators to cover potential adjustments to reimbursements, or to
cover settlements made to payors. In fact, in December 2010, the Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) released a report
focusing on skilled nursing facilities’ billing practices for Medicare Part A
payments, and found that between 2006-2008 skilled nursing facilities
increasingly billed for higher paying Resource Utilization Groups (“RUGs”), the
payment classification mechanism for the Medicare program, even though
beneficiary characteristics remained largely unchanged. In particular, from
2006 to 2008, OIG found that the percentage of RUGs for ultra high therapy
increased from 17% to 28%, despite the fact that beneficiaries’ ages and
diagnoses at admission were largely unchanged during that time period. In
November 2012, the OIG released a report focused on inappropriate payments to
skilled nursing facilities, and found that of the 499 claims from 2009 that were
reviewed in the study, skilled nursing facilities billed 25% of the claims in
error and misreported information on the Minimum Data Set (“MDS”) for 47% of
the claims. Recent attention on skilled nursing billing practices and
payments or ongoing government pressure to reduce spending by government health
care programs, could result in lower payments to skilled nursing facilities
and, as a result, may impair an operator’s ability to meet its financial
obligations to us. 

Medicare Reimbursement and Skilled Nursing Facilities. For the twelve months ended September 30,
2012, approximately 29% of the revenues at our skilled nursing facilities
(which comprised 20% of our overall revenues for the year ended December 31,
2012) were paid by Medicare. Skilled nursing facilities are reimbursed
under the Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility Prospective Payment System (“SNF
PPS”). There is a risk that some skilled nursing facilities’ costs will exceed
the fixed payments under the SNF PPS, and there is also a risk that payments
under the SNF PPS may be set below the costs to provide certain items and
services, which could result in immediate financial difficulties for skilled
nursing facilities, and could cause operators to seek bankruptcy protection.
Skilled nursing facilities have faced these types of difficulties since the
implementation of the SNF PPS. 

The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), an agency of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”), made a positive
payment update for skilled nursing facilities for fiscal year 2013. For fiscal
year 2013, skilled nursing facilities received a 1.8% increase in RUG payments,
resulting from a 2.5% market basket update less a 0.7% multi-factor
productivity adjustment . In addition, on November 21, 2011, the Joint Select
Committee on Deficit Reduction, which was created by the Budget Control Act of
2011, concluded its work, and issued a statement that it was not able to make a
bipartisan agreement, thus triggering the sequestration process. On January 2,
2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012,
which delayed the sequestration process until March 2013. The sequestration
process, if triggered, will result in spending reductions, including Medicare
cuts. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 also increased the multiple
procedure discount for Part B therapy services from 25% to 50% effective April
2013. 

In addition, Section 5008 of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 directed
the Secretary of HHS to conduct a Post Acute Care Payment Reform Demonstration
(“PAC-PRD”) program, for a three year period, beginning January 1, 2008,
to assess the costs and outcomes of patients discharged from hospitals in a
variety of post-acute care settings, including skilled nursing facilities. The
demonstration program’s results and recommendations were reported to Congress
in a January 2012 report. The results and recommendations could lead to future
changes in Medicare coverage, reimbursement, and reporting requirements for
post-acute care. 

The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 mandated caps on Medicare reimbursement for
certain therapy services. However, Congress imposed various waivers on the
implementation of those caps. The Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act
of 2012 made a number of changes, including, effective on October 1, 2012,
applying the therapy caps to outpatient hospitals, creating two new threshold
amounts of $3,700 (one for each therapy cap amount), and requiring a manual
medical review process of claims over these new thresholds. The Middle Class
Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 also extended the waiver program
related to therapy caps through the end of 2012. These therapy caps may
negatively impact payments to skilled nursing facilities. However, members of
MedPAC recently stated that they would prefer not to have hard caps, which
indicates that the waiver program for therapy caps will likely continue. 

If the waiver program expires, patients will need to use private funds to pay for
the cost of therapy above the caps. If patients are unable to satisfy their
out-of-pocket cost responsibility to reimburse an operator for services
rendered, the operator’s ability to meet its financial obligations to us could
be adversely impacted. 

Medicare Reimbursement and Hospitals. For
the twelve months ended September 30, 2012, approximately 52% of the
revenues at our hospitals (which comprised 5% of our overall revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2012) were from Medicare reimbursements.
Hospitals, generally, are reimbursed by Medicare under the Hospital Inpatient
Prospective Payment System (“PPS”), 

 10 

 the Hospital
Outpatient Prospective Payment System (“OPPS”), the Long Term Care Hospital
Prospective Payment System (“LTCH PPS”), or the Inpatient Rehabilitation
Facility Prospective Payment System (“IRF PPS”). Acute care hospitals provide a
wide range of inpatient and outpatient services, including, but not limited to,
surgery, rehabilitation, therapy, and clinical laboratory services. Long-term
acute care hospitals provide inpatient services for patients with medical
conditions that are often complex and that require more intensive care,
monitoring or emergency support than that available in most skilled nursing
facilities. Inpatient rehabilitation facilities provide intensive
rehabilitation services in an inpatient setting for patients requiring at least
three hours of rehabilitation services a day. 

 With respect to Medicare’s PPS for regular hospitals,
reimbursement for inpatient services is made on the basis of a fixed,
prospective rate, based on the principal diagnosis of the patient. Hospitals
may be at risk to the extent that their costs in treating a specific case
exceed the fixed payment amount. The diagnosis related group (“DRG”) reimbursement
system was updated in 2008 to expand the number of DRGs from 538 to 745 in
order to better distinguish more severe conditions. The addition of new DRGs
raised the total number of DRGs to 751. In some cases, a hospital might be
able to qualify for an outlier payment if the hospital’s losses exceed a
threshold. 

 On August 1, 2012, CMS published a final rule for the
inpatient prospective payment system, which sets forth acute care and long-term
care hospital payment rate changes for the 2013 fiscal year. 
Specifically, CMS estimates that, for fiscal year 2013, the Medicare rates for
inpatient stays at acute care hospitals will increase by 2.8% for those
hospitals that successfully participate in the Hospital Inpatient Quality
Reporting Program, while those that do not successfully participate in that
program would receive a payment rate increase of 0.8%. CMS also implemented a
3.75% one-time budget neutrality adjustment to the long-term care hospital rate
that would be phased in over three years. The first year phase in of that
adjustment will be 1.3%, which would apply to payments or discharges on or
after December 29, 2012. CMS adopted a one-year extension of the existing
moratorium on the 25% threshold policy, through fiscal year 2013, beginning on
or after October 1, 2012 and before October 1, 2013. CMS clarified its
regulations to reflect an existing policy that the Inpatient Prospective
Payment System comparable per diem amount is capped at an amount comparable to
what would have been a full payment under the Inpatient Prospective Payment
System and that cap applies to short stay cases in long-term care hospitals
with discharges occurring on or after December 29, 2012. The legislative
moratorium on new long-term hospitals and satellite facilities is set to expire
at the end of 2012. Additionally, on July 30, 2012, CMS released notices
updating the payment rates for inpatient rehabilitation facilities (“IRFs”). 
For IRF discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2012 and on or before September
30, 2013, CMS is implementing a net 1.9% rate increase. 

 On November 1, 2012, CMS published the calendar
year 2013 final rule with comment period for outpatient care hospitals and
ambulatory surgery centers. CMS estimates that the rates and policies in the
final rule will increase payment rates for ambulatory surgery centers by 0.6%. 

 Medicare Reimbursement and Physicians. CMS annually adjusts the Medicare
Physician Fee Schedule payment rates based on an update formula that includes
application of the Sustainable Growth Rate (“SGR”). On November 1, 2011, CMS
published the calendar year 2012 Physician Fee Schedule final rule for a
negative 27.4% update under the statutory SGR formula. In February 2012,
Congress passed the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, which
blocked the cut through the end of 2012. On November 1, 2012, CMS published the
calendar year 2013 Physician Fee Schedule final rule with comment period. The
final rule calls for a negative 26.5% update under the statutory SGR formula. 
Congress has overridden the required reduction every year from 2003 through the
end of 2012. The final rule continues implementation of quality and cost
measures that will be used in establishing a new value−based modifier that
would adjust physician payments based on whether they are providing higher
quality and more efficient care. The Health Reform Laws, as defined below,
require CMS to begin making payment adjustments to certain physicians and
physician groups on January 1, 2015, and to apply the modifier to all
physicians by January 1, 2017. Calendar year 2013 is the initial performance
year for purposes of adjusting payments in calendar year 2015. 

 Medicaid Reimbursement. Medicaid is a major payor source for residents
in our skilled nursing facilities and hospitals. For the twelve months ended
September 30, 2012, approximately 49% of the revenues of our skilled
nursing facilities and 11% of the revenues of our hospitals were attributable
to Medicaid reimbursement payments. The federal and state governments share
responsibility for financing Medicaid. The federal matching rate, known as the
Federal Medical Assistance Percentage (“FMAP”), varies by state based on
relative per capita income, but is at least 50% in all states. On average,
Medicaid is the largest component of total state spending, representing
approximately 23.7% of total state expenditures in state fiscal year 2011. The
percentage of Medicaid dollars used for long-term care varies from state to
state, due in part to different ratios of elderly population and eligibility
requirements. Within certain federal guidelines, states have a fairly wide
range of discretion to determine eligibility and reimbursement methodology. 
Many states reimburse long-term care facilities using fixed daily rates, which
are applied prospectively based on patient acuity and the historical costs
incurred in providing patient care. Reasonable costs typically include
allowances for staffing, administrative and general expenses, property, and
equipment ( e.g. , real estate taxes, depreciation and fair rental). 

 11 

 In most states, Medicaid
does not fully reimburse the cost of providing skilled nursing services.
Certain states are attempting to slow the rate of growth in Medicaid
expenditures by freezing rates or restricting eligibility and benefits. Our
skilled nursing portfolio’s average Medicaid rate will likely vary throughout
the year as states continue to make interim changes to their budgets and
Medicaid funding. In addition, Medicaid reimbursement rates may decline if
revenues in a particular state are not sufficient to fund budgeted
expenditures. President Obama’s proposed fiscal year budget for 2013, released
on February 13, 2012, includes a proposal to place new limits on state provider
taxes that are used to pay the state share of Medicaid and has the potential to
further impact Medicaid reimbursement rates. The President’s budget includes a
proposal to phase down the Medicaid provider tax, a tax paid by health care
providers to help fund state Medicaid programs, beginning with a reduction from
the current law level of 6.0% to 4.5% in fiscal year 2015. The President’s
budget also includes a proposal to replace the Federal matching rate for state
Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program with a single matching
rate specific to each state. 

 The Medicare Part D drug benefit became effective
January 1, 2006. Since that date, low-income Medicare beneficiaries
(eligible for both Medicare and full Medicaid benefits), including those
nursing home residents who are dually eligible for both programs, may enroll
and receive outpatient prescription drugs under Medicare, not Medicaid.
Medicare Part D has resulted in increased administrative responsibilities
for nursing home operators because enrollment in Medicare Part D is
voluntary and residents must choose between multiple prescription drug plans. 
Operators may also experience increased expenses to the extent that a
particular drug prescribed to a patient is not listed on the Medicare Part D
drug plan formulary for the plan in which the patient is enrolled. 

 The reimbursement methodologies applied to health care
facilities continue to evolve. Federal and state authorities have considered
and may seek to implement new or modified reimbursement methodologies that may
negatively impact health care property operations. The impact of any such
changes, if implemented, may result in a material adverse effect on our skilled
nursing and hospital property operations. No assurance can be given that
current revenue sources or levels will be maintained. Accordingly, there can
be no assurance that payments under a government health care program are
currently, or will be in the future, sufficient to fully reimburse the property
operators for their operating and capital expenses. As a result, an operator’s
ability to meet its financial obligations to us could be adversely impacted. 

 Finally, the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (“PPACA”) and the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which amends the PPACA (collectively, the
“Health Reform Laws”) (further discussed below) may have a significant
impact on Medicare, Medicaid, other federal health care programs, and private
insurers, which impact the reimbursement amounts received by skilled nursing
facilities and other health care providers. The Health Reform Laws could have a
substantial and material adverse effect on all parties directly or indirectly
involved in the health care system. 

 Other
Related Laws 

 Skilled nursing facilities and hospitals (and seniors
housing facilities that receive Medicaid payments) are subject to federal,
state, and local laws, regulations, and applicable guidance that govern the
operations and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by health
care providers. Certain of these laws prohibit direct or indirect payments of
any kind for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the referral of patients
for medical products or services reimbursable by government health care
programs. Other laws require providers to furnish only medically necessary
services and submit to the government valid and accurate statements for each
service. Still, other laws require providers to comply with a variety of
safety, health and other requirements relating to the condition of the licensed
property and the quality of care provided. Sanctions for violations of these
laws, regulations, and other applicable guidance may include, but are not
limited to, criminal and/or civil penalties and fines, loss of licensure, immediate
termination of government payments, and exclusion from any government health
care program. In certain circumstances, violation of these rules (such as those
prohibiting abusive and fraudulent behavior) with respect to one property may
subject other facilities under common control or ownership to sanctions,
including exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs,
as well as other government health care programs. In the ordinary course of
its business, a property operator is regularly subjected to inquiries,
investigations, and audits by the federal and state agencies that oversee these
laws and regulations. 

 All health care providers, including, but not limited
to skilled nursing facilities and hospitals (and seniors housing facilities
that receive Medicaid payments) are also subject to the Federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, which generally prohibits persons from offering, providing,
soliciting, or receiving remuneration to induce either the referral of an
individual or the furnishing of a good or service for which payment may be made
under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Skilled
nursing facilities and hospitals are also subject to the Federal Ethics in
Patient Referral Act of 1989, commonly referred to as the Stark Law. The Stark
Law generally prohibits the submission of claims to Medicare for payment if the
claim results from a physician referral for certain designated services and the
physician has a financial relationship with the health service provider that
does not qualify under one of the exceptions for a financial relationship under
the Stark Law. Similar prohibitions on physician self-referrals and submission
of claims apply to state Medicaid programs. Further, health care providers,
including, but not limited to, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals (and
seniors housing facilities that receive Medicaid payments), are subject to
substantial financial penalties under the Civil 

 12 

 Monetary
Penalties Act and the Federal False Claims Act and, in particular, actions
under the Federal False Claims Act’s “whistleblower” provisions. Private
enforcement of health care fraud has increased due in large part to amendments
to the Federal False Claims Act that encourage private individuals to sue on
behalf of the government. These whistleblower suits brought by private
individuals, known as qui tam actions, may be filed by almost anyone, including
present and former patients, nurses and other employees. Such whistleblower
actions have been brought against nursing facilities on the basis of the
alleged failure of the nursing facility to meet applicable regulations relating
to its operations. Significantly, if a claim is successfully adjudicated, the
Federal False Claims Act provides for treble damages up to $11,000 per claim. 

 Prosecutions, investigations, or whistleblower actions
could have a material adverse effect on a property operator’s liquidity,
financial condition, and operations, which could adversely affect the ability
of the operator to meet its financial obligations to us. Finally, various
state false claim act and anti-kickback laws may also apply to each property
operator. Violation of any of the foregoing statutes can result in criminal
and/or civil penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the ability
of an operator to meet its financial obligations to us. 

 Other legislative developments, including the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), have greatly
expanded the definition of health care fraud and related offenses and broadened
its scope to include private health care plans in addition to government
payors. Congress also has greatly increased funding for the Department of
Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Office of the Inspector General
of the Department of Health and Human Services to audit, investigate and
prosecute suspected health care fraud. Moreover, a significant portion of the
billions in health care fraud recoveries over the past several years has also
been returned to government agencies to further fund their fraud investigation
and prosecution efforts. 

 Additionally, other HIPAA provisions and regulations
provide for communication of health information through standard electronic
transaction formats and for the privacy and security of health information. In
order to comply with the regulations, health care providers often must
undertake significant operational and technical implementation efforts. 
Operators also may face significant financial exposure if they fail to maintain
the privacy and security of medical records and other personal health
information about individuals. The Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health (“HITECH”) Act, passed in February 2009, strengthened the
HHS Secretary’s authority to impose civil money penalties for HIPAA violations
occurring after February 18, 2009. HITECH directs the HHS Secretary to
provide for periodic audits to ensure covered entities and their business
associates (as that term is defined under HIPAA) comply with the applicable
HITECH requirements, increasing the likelihood that a HIPAA violation will
result in an enforcement action. CMS issued an interim Final Rule which
conformed HIPAA enforcement regulations to the HITECH Act, increasing the
maximum penalty for multiple violations of a single requirement or prohibition
to $1.5 million. Higher penalties may accrue for violations of multiple
requirements or prohibitions. Additionally, on January 17, 2013, CMS released
a final rule, which expands the applicability of HIPAA and HITECH and
strengthens the government’s ability to enforce these laws. The final rule
broadens the definition of “business associate” and provides for civil money
penalty liability against covered entities and business associates for the acts
of their agents regardless of whether a business associate agreement is in
place. Additionally, the final rule adopts certain changes to the HIPAA
enforcement regulations to incorporate the increased and tiered civil monetary
penalty structure provided by HITECH, and makes business associates of covered
entities directly liable under HIPAA for compliance with certain of the HIPAA
privacy standards and HIPAA security standards. HIPAA violations are also
potentially subject to criminal penalties. 

 In November 2002, CMS began an ongoing national
Nursing Home Quality Initiative (“NHQI”). Under this initiative, historical
survey information, the NHQI Pilot Evaluation Report and the NHQI Overview is
made available to the public on-line. The NHQI website provides consumer and
provider information regarding the quality of care in nursing homes. The data
allows consumers, providers, states, and researchers to compare quality
information that shows how well nursing homes are caring for their residents’
physical and clinical needs. The posted nursing home quality measures come from
resident assessment data that nursing homes routinely collect on the residents
at specified intervals during their stay. If the operators of nursing
facilities are unable to achieve quality of care ratings that are comparable or
superior to those of their competitors, they may lose market share to other
facilities, reducing their revenues and adversely impacting their ability to
make rental payments. 

 Finally, government investigations and enforcement
actions brought against the health care industry have increased dramatically
over the past several years and are expected to continue. Some of these
enforcement actions represent novel legal theories and expansions in the
application of the Federal False Claims Act. The costs for an operator of a
health care property associated with both defending such enforcement actions
and the undertakings in settling these actions can be substantial and could
have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its
obligations to us. 

 Taxation 

 Federal Income Tax Considerations 

 13 

 The following summary of the taxation of the Company
and the material federal tax consequences to the holders of our debt and equity
securities is for general information only and is not tax advice. This summary
does not address all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to certain types
of holders of stock or securities (including, but not limited to, insurance
companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers,
persons holding shares of common stock as part of a hedging, integrated
conversion, or constructive sale transaction or a straddle, traders in
securities that use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities,
investors in pass-through entities and foreign corporations and persons who are
not citizens or residents of the United States). 

 This summary does not discuss all of the aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to you in light of your particular
investment or other circumstances. In addition, this summary does not discuss
any state or local income taxation or foreign income taxation or other tax
consequences. This summary is based on current U.S. federal income tax
law. Subsequent developments in U.S. federal income tax law, including
changes in law or differing interpretations, which may be applied
retroactively, could have a material effect on the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of our securities as set forth
in this summary. Before you purchase our securities, you should consult your
own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. federal, state, local,
foreign and other tax consequences of acquiring, owning and selling our
securities. 

 General 

 We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment
trust (a “REIT”) commencing with our first taxable year. We intend to continue
to operate in such a manner as to qualify as a REIT, but there is no guarantee
that we will qualify or remain qualified as a REIT for subsequent years.
Qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet a variety
of qualification tests imposed under federal income tax law with respect to
income, assets, distribution level and diversity of share ownership as
discussed below under “— Qualification as a REIT.” There can be no
assurance that we will be owned and organized and will operate in a manner so
as to qualify or remain qualified. 

 In any year in which we qualify as a REIT, in general,
we will not be subject to federal income tax on that portion of our REIT
taxable income or capital gain that is distributed to stockholders. We may,
however, be subject to tax at normal corporate rates on any taxable income or
capital gain not distributed. If we elect to retain and pay income tax on our
net long-term capital gain, stockholders are required to include their
proportionate share of our undistributed long-term capital gain in income, but
they will receive a refundable credit for their share of any taxes paid by us
on such gain. 

 Despite the REIT election, we may be subject to
federal income and excise tax as follows: 

 • To the extent that we do not distribute all of
our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our
“REIT taxable income,” as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the
undistributed amount at regular corporate tax rates; 

 • We may be subject to the “alternative minimum
tax” (the “AMT”) on certain tax preference items to the extent that the AMT
exceeds our regular tax; 

 • If we have net income from the sale or other
disposition of “foreclosure property” that is held primarily for sale to
customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income
from foreclosure property, such income will be taxed at the highest corporate
rate; 

 • Any net income from prohibited transactions
(which are, in general, sales or other dispositions of property held primarily
for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, other than
dispositions of foreclosure property and dispositions of property due to an
involuntary conversion) will be subject to a 100% tax; 

 • If we fail to satisfy either the 75% or 95%
gross income tests (as discussed below), but nonetheless maintain our
qualification as a REIT because certain other requirements are met, we will be
subject to a 100% tax on an amount equal to (1) the gross income
attributable to the greater of (i) 75% of our gross income over the amount
of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 75% gross income test (discussed
below) or (ii) 95% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross
income for purposes of the 95% gross income test (discussed below) multiplied
by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability; 

 • If we fail to distribute during each year at
least the sum of (1) 85% of our REIT ordinary income for the year,
(2) 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for such year (other than
capital gain that we elect to retain and pay tax on) and (3) any
undistributed taxable income from preceding periods, we will be subject to a 4%
excise tax on the excess of such required distribution over amounts actually
distributed; and 

 14 

 • We will be subject
to a 100% tax on the amount of any rents from real property, deductions or
excess interest paid to us by any of our “taxable REIT subsidiaries” that would
be reduced through reallocation under certain federal income tax principles in
order to more clearly reflect income of the taxable REIT subsidiary. See
“— Qualification as a REIT — Investments in Taxable REIT
Subsidiaries.” 

 • We may be subject to the corporate “alternative
minimum tax” on any items of tax preference, including any deductions of net
operating losses. 

 If we acquire any assets from a corporation, which is
or has been a “C” corporation, in a carryover basis transaction, we could be
liable for specified liabilities that are inherited from the “C” corporation. A
“C” corporation is generally defined as a corporation that is required to pay
full corporate level federal income tax. If we recognize gain on the
disposition of the assets during the ten-year period beginning on the date on
which the assets were acquired by us, then, to the extent of the assets’
“built-in gain” (i.e., the excess of the fair market value of the asset over
the adjusted tax basis in the asset, in each case determined as of the
beginning of the ten-year period), we will be subject to tax on the gain at the
highest regular corporate rate applicable. The results described in this
paragraph with respect to the recognition of built-in gain assume that the
built-in gain assets, at the time the built-in gain assets were subject to a
conversion transaction (either where a “C” corporation elected REIT status or a
REIT acquired the assets from a “C” corporation), were not treated as sold to
an unrelated party and gain recognized. For those properties that are subject
to the built-in-gains tax, if triggered by a sale within the ten-year period
beginning on the date on which the properties were acquired by us, then the
potential amount of built-in-gains tax will be an additional factor when
considering a possible sale of the properties. See Note 18 to our consolidated
financial statements for additional information regarding the built-in gains
tax. 

 Qualification as a REIT 

 A REIT is defined as a corporation, trust or association:

 (1) which is managed by one or more trustees or
directors; 

 (2) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced
by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; 

 (3) which would be taxable as a domestic
corporation but for the federal income tax law relating to REITs; 

 (4) which is neither a financial institution nor
an insurance company; 

 (5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by
100 or more persons in each taxable year of the REIT except for its first
taxable year; 

 (6) not more than 50% in value of the outstanding
stock of which is owned during the last half of each taxable year, excluding
its first taxable year, directly or indirectly, by or for five or fewer
individuals (which includes certain entities) (the “Five or Fewer
Requirement”); and 

 (7) which meets certain income and asset tests
described below. 

 Conditions (1) to (4), inclusive, must be met
during the entire taxable year and condition (5) must be met during at
least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a
proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. For purposes
of conditions (5) and (6), pension funds and certain other tax-exempt
entities are treated as individuals, subject to a “look-through” exception in
the case of condition (6). 

 Based on publicly available information, we believe we
have satisfied the share ownership requirements set forth in (5) and
(6) above. In addition, Article VI of our by-laws provides for
restrictions regarding ownership and transfer of shares. These restrictions are
intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements
described in (5) and (6) above. These restrictions, however, may not
ensure that we will, in all cases, be able to satisfy the share ownership
requirements described in (5) and (6) above. 

 We have complied with, and will continue to comply
with, regulatory rules to send annual letters to certain of our stockholders
requesting information regarding the actual ownership of our stock. If, despite
sending the annual letters, we do not know, or after exercising reasonable
diligence would not have known, whether we failed to meet the Five or Fewer
Requirement, we will be treated as having met the Five or Fewer Requirement. If
we fail to comply with these regulatory rules, we will be subject to a monetary

 15 

 penalty. If our failure to comply was due to
intentional disregard of the requirement, the penalty would be increased.
However, if our failure to comply were due to reasonable cause and not willful
neglect, no penalty would be imposed. 

 We may own a number of properties through wholly owned
subsidiaries. A corporation will qualify as a “qualified REIT subsidiary” if
100% of its stock is owned by a REIT, and the REIT does not elect to treat the
subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary. A “qualified REIT subsidiary” will not
be treated as a separate corporation, and all assets, liabilities and items of
income, deductions and credits of a “qualified REIT subsidiary” will be treated
as assets, liabilities and items (as the case may be) of the REIT. A “qualified
REIT subsidiary” is not subject to federal income tax, and our ownership of the
voting stock of a qualified REIT subsidiary will not violate the restrictions
against ownership of securities of any one issuer which constitute more than
10% of the value or total voting power of such issuer or more than 5% of the
value of our total assets, as described below under “— Asset Tests.” 

 If we invest in a partnership, a limited liability
company or a trust taxed as a partnership or as a disregarded entity, we will
be deemed to own a proportionate share of the partnership’s, limited liability
company’s or trust’s assets. Likewise, we will be treated as receiving our
share of the income and loss of the partnership, limited liability company or
trust, and the gross income will retain the same character in our hands as it
has in the hands of the partnership, limited liability company or trust. These
“look-through” rules apply for purposes of the income tests and assets tests described
below. 

 Income Tests. There
are two separate percentage tests relating to our sources of gross income that
we must satisfy for each taxable year. 

 • At least 75% of our gross income (excluding
gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) must be
directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from “rents from real
property,” other income from investments relating to real property or mortgages
on real property or certain income from qualified temporary investments. 

 • At least 95% of our gross income (excluding
gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) must be
directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from any of the sources
qualifying for the 75% gross income test and from dividends (including
dividends from taxable REIT subsidiaries) and interest. 

 As to transactions entered into in taxable years
beginning after October 22, 2004 and on or prior to July 30, 2008, any of
our income from a “clearly identified” hedging transaction that is entered into
by us in the normal course of business, directly or indirectly, to manage the
risk of interest rate movements, price changes or currency fluctuations with
respect to borrowings or obligations incurred or to be incurred by us, or such
other risks that are prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, is excluded
from the 95% gross income test. 

 For transactions entered into after July 30,
2008, any of our income from a “clearly identified” hedging transaction that is
entered into by us in the normal course of business, directly or indirectly, to
manage the risk of interest rate movements, price changes or currency
fluctuations with respect to borrowings or obligations incurred or to be
incurred by us is excluded from the 95% and 75% gross income tests. 

 For transactions entered into after July 30,
2008, any of our income from a “clearly identified” hedging transaction entered
into by us primarily to manage risk of currency fluctuations with respect to
any item of income or gain that is included in gross income in the 95% and 75%
gross income tests is excluded from the 95% and 75% gross income tests. 

 In general, a hedging transaction is “clearly
identified” if (1) the transaction is identified as a hedging transaction
before the end of the day on which it is entered into and (2) the items or
risks being hedged are identified “substantially contemporaneously” with the
hedging transaction. An identification is not substantially contemporaneous if
it is made more than 35 days after entering into the hedging transaction. 

 As to gains and items of income recognized after
July 30, 2008, “passive foreign exchange gain” for any taxable year will
not constitute gross income for purposes of the 95% gross income test and “real
estate foreign exchange gain” for any taxable year will not constitute gross
income for purposes of the 75% gross income test. Real estate foreign exchange
gain is foreign currency gain (as defined in Internal Revenue Code
Section 988(b)(1)) which is attributable to: (i) any qualifying item
of income or gain for purposes of the 75% gross income test; (ii) the
acquisition or ownership of obligations secured by mortgages on real property
or interests in real property; or (iii) becoming or being the obligor
under obligations secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real
property. Real estate foreign exchange gain also includes Internal Revenue Code
Section 987 gain attributable to a qualified business unit (a “QBU”) of a
REIT if the QBU itself meets the 75% income test for the taxable year and the
75% asset test at the close of each quarter that the REIT has directly or
indirectly held the QBU. Real estate foreign exchange gain also includes any
other foreign currency gain as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Passive foreign exchange gain includes all real estate foreign exchange 

 16 

 gain and foreign currency gain which is attributable to:
(i) any qualifying item of income or gain for purposes of the 95% gross
income test; (ii) the acquisition or ownership of obligations;
(iii) becoming or being the obligor under obligations; and (iv) any
other foreign currency gain as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. 

 Generally, other than income from “clearly identified”
hedging transactions entered into by us in the normal course of business, any
foreign currency gain derived by us from dealing, or engaging in substantial
and regular trading, in securities will constitute gross income which does not
qualify under the 95% or 75% gross income tests. 

 Rents received by us will qualify as “rents from real
property” for purposes of satisfying the gross income tests for a REIT only if
several conditions are met: 

 • The amount of rent must not be based in whole or
in part on the income or profits of any person, although rents generally will
not be excluded merely because they are based on a fixed percentage or
percentages of receipts or sales. 

 • Rents received from a tenant will not qualify as
rents from real property if the REIT, or an owner of 10% or more of the REIT,
also directly or constructively owns 10% or more of the tenant, unless the
tenant is our taxable REIT subsidiary and certain other requirements are met
with respect to the real property being rented. 

 • If rent attributable to personal property leased
in connection with a lease of real property is greater than 15% of the total
rent received under the lease, then the portion of rent attributable to such
personal property will not qualify as “rents from real property.” 

 • For rents to qualify as rents from real
property, we generally must not furnish or render services to tenants, other
than through a taxable REIT subsidiary or an “independent contractor” from whom
we derive no income, except that we may directly provide services that are
“usually or customarily rendered” in the geographic area in which the property
is located in connection with the rental of real property for occupancy only,
or are not otherwise considered “rendered to the occupant for his convenience.” 

 • For taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008,
the REIT may lease “ qualified
health care properties” on an
arm’s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary if the property is operated on
behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an
“independent contractor” and who is, or is related to a person who is, actively
engaged in the trade or business of operating health care facilities for any
person unrelated to us or our taxable REIT subsidiary, an “ eligible independent contractor . ” Generally, the rent that the REIT
receives from the taxable REIT subsidiary will be treated as “rents from real
property.” A “qualified health care property” includes any real
property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to
the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care
facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which
extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients and which is
operated by a provider of such services which is eligible for participation in
the Medicare program with respect to such facility. 

 A REIT is permitted to render a de minimis amount of
impermissible services to tenants and still treat amounts received with respect
to that property as rent from real property. The amount received or accrued by
the REIT during the taxable year for the impermissible services with respect to
a property may not exceed 1% of all amounts received or accrued by the REIT
directly or indirectly from the property. The amount received for any service
or management operation for this purpose shall be deemed to be not less than
150% of the direct cost of the REIT in furnishing or rendering the service or
providing the management or operation. Furthermore, impermissible services may
be furnished to tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary subject to certain
conditions, and we may still treat rents received with respect to the property
as rent from real property. 

 The term “interest” generally does not
include any amount if the determination of the amount depends in whole or in
part on the income or profits of any person, although an amount generally will
not be excluded from the term “interest” solely by reason of being based on a
fixed percentage of receipts or sales. 

 If we fail to satisfy one
or both of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we may
nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we are eligible for relief. 
These relief provisions generally will be available if (1) following our
identification of the failure, we file a schedule for such taxable year describing
each item of our gross income, and (2) the failure to meet such tests was
due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. 

 It is not now possible to
determine the circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of
these relief provisions. If these relief provisions apply, a 100% tax is
imposed on an amount equal to (a) the gross income attributable to
(1) 75% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for
purposes of the 75% income test and (2) 95% of our gross income over the 

 17 

 amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 95%
income test, multiplied by (b) a fraction intended to reflect our
profitability. 

 The Secretary of the
Treasury is given broad authority to determine whether particular items of
income or gain qualify or not under the 75% and 95% gross income tests, or are
to be excluded from the measure of gross income for such purposes. 

 Asset Tests. Within 30 days after
the close of each quarter of our taxable year, we must also satisfy several
tests relating to the nature and diversification of our assets determined in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. At least 75% of the
value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets, cash, cash
items (including receivables arising in the ordinary course of our operation),
government securities and qualified temporary investments. Although the
remaining 25% of our assets generally may be invested without restriction, we
are prohibited from owning securities representing more than 10% of either the
vote (the “10% vote test”) or value (the “10% value test”) of the outstanding
securities of any issuer other than a qualified REIT subsidiary, another REIT
or a taxable REIT subsidiary. Further, no more than 25% of the total assets may
be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries (the “25%
asset test”) and no more than 5% of the value of our total assets may be
represented by securities of any non-governmental issuer other than a qualified
REIT subsidiary (the “5% asset test”), another REIT or a taxable REIT
subsidiary. Each of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test and the 25% and 5%
asset tests must be satisfied at the end of each quarter. There are special
rules which provide relief if the value related tests are not satisfied due to
changes in the value of the assets of a REIT. 

 Certain items are excluded
from the 10% value test, including: (1) straight debt securities (as
defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 1361(c)(5)) of an issuer (including
straight debt that provides certain contingent payments); (2) any loan to
an individual or an estate; (3) any rental agreement described in
Section 467 of the Internal Revenue Code, other than with a “related
person”; (4) any obligation to pay rents from real property;
(5) certain securities issued by a state or any subdivision thereof, the
District of Columbia, a foreign government, or any political subdivision
thereof, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (6) any security issued by a
REIT; and (7) any other arrangement that, as determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury, is excepted from the definition of security (“excluded
securities”). Special rules apply to straight debt securities issued by
corporations and entities taxable as partnerships for federal income tax
purposes. If a REIT, or its taxable REIT subsidiary, holds (1) straight
debt securities of a corporate or partnership issuer and (2) securities of
such issuer that are not excluded securities and have an aggregate value
greater than 1% of such issuer’s outstanding securities, the straight debt
securities will be included in the 10% value test. 

 A REIT’s interest as a
partner in a partnership is not treated as a security for purposes of applying
the 10% value test to securities issued by the partnership. Further, any debt
instrument issued by a partnership will not be a security for purposes of
applying the 10% value test (1) to the extent of the REIT’s interest as a
partner in the partnership and (2) if at least 75% of the partnership’s
gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) would
qualify for the 75% gross income test. For purposes of the 10% value test, a
REIT’s interest in a partnership’s assets is determined by the REIT’s
proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership (other than
the excluded securities described in the preceding paragraph). 

 For taxable years beginning
after July 30, 2008, if the REIT or its QBU uses a foreign currency as its
functional currency, the term “cash” includes such foreign currency, but only
to the extent such foreign currency is (i) held for use in the normal
course of the activities of the REIT or QBU which give rise to items of income
or gain that are included in the 95% and 75% gross income tests or are directly
related to acquiring or holding assets qualifying under the 75% asset test, and
(ii) not held in connection with dealing or engaging in substantial and
regular trading in securities. 

 With respect to corrections of
failures as to violations of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test or the 5%
asset test, a REIT may avoid disqualification as a REIT by disposing of
sufficient assets to cure a violation that does not exceed the lesser of 1% of
the REIT’s assets at the end of the relevant quarter or $10,000,000, provided that
the disposition occurs within six months following the last day of the quarter
in which the REIT first identified the assets. For violations of any of the
REIT asset tests due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that exceed
the thresholds described in the preceding sentence, a REIT can avoid
disqualification as a REIT after the close of a taxable quarter by taking
certain steps, including disposition of sufficient assets within the six month
period described above to meet the applicable asset test, paying a tax equal to
the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net
income generated by the non-qualifying assets during the period of time that
the assets were held as non-qualifying assets and filing a schedule with the
Internal Revenue Service that describes the non-qualifying assets. 

 Investments in Taxable
REIT Subsidiaries. 
REITs may own more than 10% of the voting power and value of securities in
taxable REIT subsidiaries. We and any taxable corporate entity in which we own
an interest are allowed to jointly elect to treat such entity as a “taxable
REIT subsidiary.” 

 Certain of our subsidiaries
have elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Taxable REIT
subsidiaries are subject to full corporate level federal taxation on their
earnings but are permitted to engage in certain types of activities that cannot
be performed directly by REITs without jeopardizing their REIT status. Our
taxable REIT subsidiaries will attempt to minimize the amount of these taxes,
but there can be no assurance whether or the extent to which measures taken to
minimize taxes will be successful. To the extent 

 18 

 our
taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay federal, state or local taxes,
the cash available for distribution as dividends to us from our taxable REIT
subsidiaries will be reduced. 

 The amount of interest on
related-party debt that a taxable REIT subsidiary may deduct is limited.
Further, a 100% tax applies to any interest payments by a taxable REIT
subsidiary to its affiliated REIT to the extent the interest rate is not
commercially reasonable. A taxable REIT subsidiary is permitted to deduct
interest payments to unrelated parties without any of these restrictions. 

 The Internal Revenue
Service may reallocate costs between a REIT and its taxable REIT subsidiary
where there is a lack of arm’s-length dealing between the parties. Any
deductible expenses allocated away from a taxable REIT subsidiary would
increase its tax liability. Further, any amount by which a REIT understates its
deductions and overstates those of its taxable REIT subsidiary may, subject to
certain exceptions, be subject to a 100% tax. Additional taxable REIT
subsidiary elections may be made in the future for additional entities in which
we obtain an interest. 

 Annual Distribution
Requirements. In
order to avoid being taxed as a regular corporation, we are required to make
distributions (other than capital gain distributions) to our stockholders which
qualify for the dividends paid deduction in an amount at least equal to
(1) the sum of (i) 90% of our “REIT taxable income” (computed without
regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain) and
(ii) 90% of the after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property,
minus (2) a portion of certain items of non-cash income. These
distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the
following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for
that year and if paid on or before the first regular distribution payment after
such declaration. The amount distributed must not be preferential. This means
that every stockholder of the class of stock to which a distribution is made
must be treated the same as every other stockholder of that class, and no class
of stock may be treated otherwise than in accordance with its dividend rights
as a class. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain
or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our “REIT taxable income,”
as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular
corporate tax rates. As discussed above, we may be subject to an excise tax if
we fail to meet certain other distribution requirements. We believe we have
satisfied the annual distribution requirements for the year of our initial REIT
election and each year thereafter through the year ended December 31, 2012.
Although we intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy these annual
distribution requirements for subsequent years, economic, market, legal, tax or
other factors could limit our ability to meet those requirements. See “Item 1A
— Risk Factors.” 

 It is also possible that,
from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to
meet the 90% distribution requirement, or to distribute such greater amount as
may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, due to, among other
things, (1) timing differences between (i) the actual receipt of
income and actual payment of deductible expenses and (ii) the inclusion of
income and deduction of expenses in arriving at our taxable income, or
(2) the payment of severance benefits that may not be deductible to us. In
the event that timing differences occur, we may find it necessary to arrange
for borrowings or, if possible, pay dividends in the form of taxable stock
dividends in order to meet the distribution requirement. 

 Under certain
circumstances, in the event of a deficiency determined by the Internal Revenue
Service, we may be able to rectify a resulting failure to meet the distribution
requirement for a year by paying “deficiency dividends” to stockholders in a
later year, which may be included in our deduction for distributions paid for
the earlier year. Thus, we may be able to avoid being taxed on amounts
distributed as deficiency dividends; however, we will be required to pay
applicable penalties and interest based upon the amount of any deduction taken
for deficiency dividend distributions. 

Failure to Qualify as a REIT 

 If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any
taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax, including any
applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate
rates. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as
a REIT will not be deductible nor will any particular amount of distributions
be required to be made in any year. All distributions to stockholders will be
taxable as ordinary income to the extent of current and accumulated earnings
and profits allocable to these distributions and, subject to certain
limitations, will be eligible for the dividends received deduction for
corporate stockholders. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory
provisions, we also will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four
taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. It is not
possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to
statutory relief. Failure to qualify for even one year could result in our need
to incur indebtedness or liquidate investments in order to pay potentially
significant resulting tax liabilities. 

 In addition to the relief described above under
“— Income Tests” and “— Asset Tests,” relief is available in the
event that we violate a provision of the Internal Revenue Code that would
result in our failure to qualify as a REIT if: (1) the violation is due to
reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect; (2) we pay a penalty of
$50,000 for each failure to satisfy the provision; and (3) the violation
does not include a violation described under “— Income Tests” or
“— Asset Tests” above. It is not now possible to determine the
circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of these relief
provisions. 

 19 

 Federal Income Taxation
of Holders of Our Stock 

 Treatment of Taxable U.S. Stockholders. The following summary applies to you only
if you are a “U.S. stockholder.” A “U.S. stockholder” is a holder of
shares of stock who, for United States federal income tax purposes, is: 

 • a citizen or resident of the United State s; 

 • a corporation, partnership or other entity
classified as a corporation or partnership for these purposes, created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States or of any political
subdivision of the United States, including any state; 

 • an estate, the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

 • a trust, if, in general, a U.S. court is
able to exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or
more U.S. persons, within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code, has
the authority to control all of the trust’s substantial decisions. 

 So long as we qualify for taxation as a REIT,
distributions on shares of our stock made out of the current or accumulated
earnings and profits allocable to these distributions (and not designated as
capital gain dividends) will be includable as ordinary income for federal
income tax purposes. None of these distributions will be eligible for the
dividends received deduction for U.S. corporate stockholders. 

 Generally, for taxable years following the year ended
December 31, 2012, the maximum marginal rate of tax payable by individuals on
dividends received from corporations that are subject to a corporate level of
tax is 20%. Except in limited circumstances, this tax rate will not apply to
dividends paid to you by us on our shares, because generally we are not subject
to federal income tax on the portion of our REIT taxable income or capital
gains distributed to our stockholders. The reduced maximum federal income tax
rate will apply to that portion, if any, of dividends received by you with
respect to our shares that are attributable to: (1) dividends received by
us from non-REIT corporations or other taxable REIT subsidiaries; (2) income
from the prior year with respect to which we were required to pay federal
corporate income tax during the prior year (if, for example, we did not
distribute 100% of our REIT taxable income for the prior year); or (3) the
amount of any earnings and profits that were distributed by us and accumulated
in a non-REIT year. 

 Distributions that are designated as capital gain
dividends will be taxed as long-term capital gains (to the extent they do not
exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year), without regard to the
period for which you held our stock. However, if you are a corporation, you may
be required to treat a portion of some capital gain dividends as ordinary
income. 

 If we elect to retain and pay income tax on any net
long-term capital gain, you would include in income, as long-term capital gain,
your proportionate share of this net long-term capital gain. You would also
receive a refundable tax credit for your proportionate share of the tax paid by
us on such retained capital gains, and you would have an increase in the basis
of your shares of our stock in an amount equal to your includable capital gains
less your share of the tax deemed paid. 

 You may not include in your federal income tax return
any of our net operating losses or capital losses. Federal income tax rules may
also require that certain minimum tax adjustments and preferences be
apportioned to you. In addition, any distribution declared by us in October,
November or December of any year on a specified date in any such month shall be
treated as both paid by us and received by you on December 31 of that year,
provided that the distribution is actually paid by us no later than January 31
of the following year. 

 We will be treated as having sufficient earnings and
profits to treat as a dividend any distribution up to the amount required to be
distributed in order to avoid imposition of the 4% excise tax discussed under
“— General” and “— Qualification as a REIT — Annual Distribution
Requirements” above. As a result, you may be required to treat as taxable
dividends certain distributions that would otherwise result in a tax-free
return of capital. Moreover, any “deficiency dividend” will be treated as a
dividend (an ordinary dividend or a capital gain dividend, as the case may be),
regardless of our earnings and profits. Any other distributions in excess of
current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to you to the
extent these distributions do not exceed the adjusted tax basis of your shares
of our stock. You will be required to reduce the tax basis of your shares of
our stock by the amount of these distributions until the basis has been reduced
to zero, after which these distributions will be taxable as capital gain, if
the shares of our stock are held as capital assets. The tax basis as so reduced
will be used in computing the capital gain or loss, if any, realized upon sale
of the shares of our stock. Any loss upon a sale or exchange of shares of our
stock which were held for six months or less (after application of certain
holding period rules) will generally be treated as a long-term capital loss to
the extent you previously received capital gain distributions with respect to
these shares of our stock. 

 20 

 Upon the sale or exchange of any shares of our stock
to or with a person other than us or a sale or exchange of all shares of our
stock (whether actually or constructively owned) with us, you will generally
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount
realized on the sale or exchange and your adjusted tax basis in these shares of
our stock. This gain will be capital gain if you held these shares of our stock
as a capital asset. 

 If we redeem any of your shares in us, the treatment
can only be determined on the basis of particular facts at the time of
redemption. In general, you will recognize gain or loss (as opposed to dividend
income) equal to the difference between the amount received by you in the
redemption and your adjusted tax basis in your shares redeemed if such
redemption: (1) results in a “complete termination” of your interest in
all classes of our equity securities; (2) is a “substantially
disproportionate redemption”; or (3) is “not essentially equivalent to a
dividend” with respect to you. In applying these tests, you must take into account
your ownership of all classes of our equity securities (e.g., common stock,
preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants). You also must take into
account any equity securities that are considered to be constructively owned by
you. 

 If, as a result of a redemption by us of your shares,
you no longer own (either actually or constructively) any of our equity
securities or only own (actually and constructively) an insubstantial
percentage of our equity securities, then it is probable that the redemption of
your shares would be considered “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” and,
thus, would result in gain or loss to you. However, whether a distribution is
“not essentially equivalent to a dividend” depends on all of the facts and
circumstances, and if you rely on any of these tests at the time of redemption,
you should consult your tax advisor to determine their application to the
particular situation. 

 Generally, if the redemption does not meet the tests
described above, then the proceeds received by you from the redemption of your
shares will be treated as a distribution taxable as a dividend to the extent of
the allocable portion of current or accumulated earnings and profits. If the
redemption is taxed as a dividend, your adjusted tax basis in the redeemed
shares will be transferred to any other shareholdings in us that you own. If
you own no other shareholdings in us, under certain circumstances, such basis
may be transferred to a related person, or it may be lost entirely. 

 Gain from the sale or exchange of our
shares held for more than one year is generally taxed at a maximum long-term
capital gain rate of 20% in the case of stockholders who are individuals and
35% in the case of stockholders that are corporations. Pursuant to Internal
Revenue Service guidance, we may classify portions of our capital gain
dividends as gains eligible for the long-term capital gains rate or as gain
taxable to individual stockholders at a maximum rate of 25%. Capital losses
recognized by a stockholder upon the disposition of our shares held for more
than one year at the time of disposition will be considered long term capital
losses, and are generally available only to offset capital gain income of the
stockholder but not ordinary income (except in the case of individuals, who may
offset up to $3,000 of ordinary income each year). 

 An additional tax
of 3.8% generally will be imposed on the “net investment income” of U.S.
stockholders who meet certain requirements and are individuals, estates or
certain trusts for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012. Among other items, “net investment
income” generally includes gross income from dividends and net gain
attributable to the disposition of certain property, such as shares of our
common stock or warrants. In the case of individuals, this tax will only apply
to the extent such individual’s modified adjusted gross income exceeds $200,000
($250,000 for married couples filing a joint return and surviving spouses, and
$125,000 for married individuals filing a separate return). U.S. stockholders
should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible applicability of this
additional tax in their particular circumstances. 

 Treatment of Tax-Exempt U.S. Stockholders. Tax-exempt
entities, including qualified employee pension and profit sharing trusts and
individual retirement accounts (“Exempt Organizations”), generally are exempt
from federal income taxation. However, they are subject to taxation on their
unrelated business taxable income (“UBTI”). The Internal Revenue Service has
issued a published revenue ruling that dividend distributions from a REIT to an
exempt employee pension trust do not constitute UBTI, provided that the shares
of the REIT are not otherwise used in an unrelated trade or business of the
exempt employee pension trust. Based on this ruling, amounts distributed by us
to Exempt Organizations generally should not constitute UBTI. However, if an
Exempt Organization finances its acquisition of the shares of our stock with
debt, a portion of its income from us will constitute UBTI pursuant to the
“debt financed property” rules. Likewise, a portion of the Exempt
Organization’s income from us would constitute UBTI if we held a residual
interest in a real estate mortgage investment conduit. 

 In addition, in certain
circumstances, a pension trust that owns more than 10% of our stock is required
to treat a percentage of our dividends as UBTI. This rule applies to a pension
trust holding more than 10% of our stock only if: (1) the percentage of
our income that is UBTI (determined as if we were a pension trust) is at least
5%; (2) we qualify as a REIT by reason of the modification of the Five or
Fewer Requirement that allows beneficiaries of the pension trust to be treated
as holding shares in proportion to their actuarial interests in the pension
trust; and (3) either (i) one pension trust owns more than 25% of the
value of our stock, or (ii) a group of pension trusts individually holding
more than 10% of the value of our stock collectively own more than 50% of the
value of our stock. 

 21 

 Backup Withholding and
Information Reporting. Under certain circumstances, you may be subject to backup
withholding at applicable rates on payments made with respect to, or cash
proceeds of a sale or exchange of, shares of our stock. Backup withholding will
apply only if you: (1) fail to provide a correct taxpayer identification
number, which if you are an individual, is ordinarily your social security
number; (2) furnish an incorrect taxpayer identification number; (3) are
notified by the Internal Revenue Service that you have failed to properly
report payments of interest or dividends; or (4) fail to certify, under
penalties of perjury, that you have furnished a correct taxpayer identification
number and that the Internal Revenue Service has not notified you that you are
subject to backup withholding. 

 Backup withholding will not
apply with respect to payments made to certain exempt recipients, such as
corporations and tax-exempt organizations. You should consult with a tax
advisor regarding qualification for exemption from backup withholding, and the
procedure for obtaining an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional
tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to
a stockholder will be allowed as a credit against such stockholder’s United States federal income tax liability and may entitle such stockholder to a refund,
provided that the required information is provided to the Internal Revenue
Service. In addition, withholding a portion of capital gain distributions made
to stockholders may be required for stockholders who fail to certify their
non-foreign status. 

 Taxation of Foreign
Stockholders. The
following summary applies to you only if you are a foreign person. The federal
taxation of foreign persons is a highly complex matter that may be affected by
many considerations. 

 Except as discussed below,
distributions to you of cash generated by our real estate operations in the
form of ordinary dividends, but not by the sale or exchange of our capital
assets, generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of
30%, unless an applicable tax treaty reduces that tax and you file with us the
required form evidencing the lower rate. 

 In general, you will be
subject to United States federal income tax on a graduated rate basis rather
than withholding with respect to your investment in our stock if such
investment is “effectively connected” with your conduct of a trade or business
in the United States. A corporate foreign stockholder that receives income that
is, or is treated as, effectively connected with a United States trade or
business may also be subject to the branch profits tax, which is payable in
addition to regular United States corporate income tax. The following
discussion will apply to foreign stockholders whose investment in us is not so
effectively connected. We expect to withhold United States income tax, as
described below, on the gross amount of any distributions paid to you unless
(1) you file an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI with us claiming
that the distribution is “effectively connected” or (2) certain other
exceptions apply. 

 Distributions by us that
are attributable to gain from the sale or exchange of a United States real
property interest will be taxed to you under the Foreign Investment in Real
Property Tax Act of 1980 (“FIRPTA”) as if these distributions were gains
“effectively connected” with a United States trade or business. Accordingly,
you will be taxed at the normal capital gain rates applicable to a U.S. stockholder on these amounts, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax
and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien
individuals. Distributions subject to FIRPTA may also be subject to a branch
profits tax in the hands of a corporate foreign stockholder that is not
entitled to treaty exemption. 

 We will be required to withhold from distributions
subject to FIRPTA, and remit to the Internal Revenue Service, 35% of designated
capital gain dividends, or, if greater, 35% of the amount of any distributions
that could be designated as capital gain dividends. In addition, if we
designate prior distributions as capital gain dividends, subsequent
distributions, up to the amount of the prior distributions not withheld
against, will be treated as capital gain dividends for purposes of withholding. 

 Any capital gain dividend with respect to any class of
stock that is “regularly traded” on an established securities market will be
treated as an ordinary dividend if the foreign stockholder did not own more
than 5% of such class of stock at any time during the taxable year. Foreign
stockholders generally will not be required to report distributions received
from us on U.S. federal income tax returns and all distributions treated
as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including any such
capital gain dividends) will be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax
(unless reduced under an applicable income tax treaty) as discussed above. In
addition, the branch profits tax will not apply to such distributions. 

 Unless our shares constitute a “United States real property interest” within the meaning of FIRPTA or are effectively connected with
a U.S. trade or business, a sale of our shares by you generally will not
be subject to United States taxation. Our shares will not constitute a United States real property interest if we qualify as a “domestically controlled REIT.” We
believe that we, and expect to continue to, qualify as a domestically
controlled REIT. A domestically controlled REIT is a REIT in which at all times
during a specified testing period less than 50% in value of its shares is held
directly or indirectly by foreign stockholders. However, if you are a
nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for
183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions
apply, you will be subject to a 30% tax on such capital gains. In any event, a
purchaser of our shares from you will not be required under FIRPTA to withhold
on the purchase price if the purchased shares are “regularly traded” on an
established securities 

 22 

 market or if we are a
domestically controlled REIT. Otherwise, under FIRPTA, the purchaser may be
required to withhold 10% of the purchase price and remit such amount to the
Internal Revenue Service. 

 Backup withholding tax and information reporting will
generally not apply to distributions paid to you outside the United States that
are treated as: (1) dividends to which the 30% or lower treaty rate
withholding tax discussed above applies; (2) capital gains dividends; or
(3) distributions attributable to gain from the sale or exchange by us of
U.S. real property interests. Payment of the proceeds of a sale of stock
within the United States or conducted through certain U.S. related financial
intermediaries is subject to both backup withholding and information reporting
unless the beneficial owner certifies under penalties of perjury that he or she
is not a U.S. person (and the payor does not have actual knowledge that
the beneficial owner is a U.S. person) or otherwise established an
exemption. You may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules by filing the appropriate claim for refund with the Internal
Revenue Service. 

Withholding tax at a rate of 30% will be imposed on certain payments to you or
certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds) and other
non-US persons receiving payments on your behalf, including distributions in
respect of shares of our stock and gross proceeds from the sale of shares of
our stock, if you or such institutions fail to comply with certain due
diligence, disclosure and reporting rules, as set forth in recently issued
Treasury regulations. Accordingly, the entity through which shares of our stock
are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required.
Withholding will apply to payments of dividends made after December 31, 2013,
and to payments of gross proceeds from a sale of shares of our stock made after
December 31, 2016. Stockholders that are otherwise eligible for an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding taxes with respect to such dividends
and proceeds will be required to seek a refund from the Internal Revenue
Service to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction. Additional
requirements and conditions may be imposed pursuant to an intergovernmental
agreement, if and when entered into, between the United States and such
institution’s home jurisdiction. We will not pay any additional amounts to any
stockholders in respect of any amounts withheld. You are encouraged to consult
with your tax advisor regarding U.S. withholding taxes and the application of
the recently issued Treasury regulations in light of your particular
circumstances. 

 U.S. Federal
Income Taxation of Holders of Depositary Shares 

 Owners of our depositary shares will be treated as if
you were owners of the series of preferred stock represented by the depositary
shares. Thus, you will be required to take into account the income and
deductions to which you would be entitled if you were a holder of the
underlying series of preferred stock. 

 Conversion or Exchange of Shares for Preferred Stock. No gain or loss will be recognized upon
the withdrawal of preferred stock in exchange for depositary shares and the tax
basis of each share of preferred stock will, upon exchange, be the same as the
aggregate tax basis of the depositary shares exchanged. If you held your
depositary shares as a capital asset at the time of the exchange for shares of
preferred stock, the holding period for your shares of preferred stock will
include the period during which you owned the depositary shares. 

 U.S. Federal
Income and Estate Taxation of Holders of Our Debt Securities 

 The following is a general summary of the United
States federal income tax consequences and, in the case that you are a holder
that is a non-U.S. holder, as defined below, the United States federal
estate tax consequences, of purchasing, owning and disposing of debt securities
periodically offered under one or more indentures (the “notes”). This summary
assumes that you hold the notes as capital assets. This summary applies to you
only if you are the initial holder of the notes and you acquire the notes for a
price equal to the issue price of the notes. The issue price of the notes is
the first price at which a substantial amount of the notes is sold other than
to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the
capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. In addition, this
summary does not consider any foreign, state, local or other tax laws that may
be applicable to us or a purchaser of the notes. 

 U.S. Holders 

 The following summary applies to you only if you are a
 U.S. holder, as defined below. 

 Definition of a U.S. Holder. A “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner
of a note or notes that is for United States federal income tax purposes: 

 • a citizen or resident of the United States; 

 • a corporation, partnership or other entity
classified as a corporation or partnership for these purposes, created or
organized in or 

 23 

 under the laws of the United States or
of any political subdivision of the United States, including any state; 

 • an estate, the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

 • a trust, if, in general, a U.S. court is
able to exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or
more U.S. persons, within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code, has
the authority to control all of the trust’s substantial decisions. 

 Payments of Interest. Stated interest on the notes generally
will be taxed as ordinary interest income from domestic sources at the time it
is paid or accrues in accordance with your method of accounting for tax
purposes. 

 Sale,
Exchange or Other Disposition of Notes. The
adjusted tax basis in your note acquired at a premium will generally be your
cost. You generally will recognize taxable gain or loss when you sell or
otherwise dispose of your notes equal to the difference, if any, between: 

 • the amount realized on the sale or other
disposition, less any amount attributable to any accrued interest, which will
be taxable in the manner described under “— Payments of Interest”
above; and 

 • your adjusted tax basis in the notes. 

 Your gain or loss generally will be capital gain or
loss. This capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if at
the time of the sale or other disposition you have held the notes for more than
one year. Subject to limited exceptions, your capital losses cannot be used to
offset your ordinary income (except in the case of individuals, who may offset
up to $3,000 of ordinary income each year). 

 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting. In general, “backup withholding” may apply
to any payments made to you of principal and interest on your note, and to
payment of the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of your note before
maturity, if you are a non-corporate U.S. holder and: (1) fail to
provide a correct taxpayer identification number, which if you are an
individual, is ordinarily your social security number; (2) furnish an
incorrect taxpayer identification number; (3) are notified by the Internal
Revenue Service that you have failed to properly report payments of interest or
dividends; or (4) fail to certify, under penalties of perjury, that you
have furnished a correct taxpayer identification number and that the Internal
Revenue Service has not notified you that you are subject to backup
withholding. 

 The amount of any reportable payments, including
interest, made to you (unless you are an exempt recipient) and the amount of
tax withheld, if any, with respect to such payments will be reported to you and
to the Internal Revenue Service for each calendar year. You should consult your
tax advisor regarding your qualification for an exemption from backup
withholding and the procedures for obtaining such an exemption, if applicable.
The backup withholding tax is not an additional tax and will be credited
against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that correct
information is provided to the Internal Revenue Service. 

 Non-U.S. Holders 

 The following summary applies to you if you are a
beneficial owner of a note and are not a U.S. holder, as defined above (a
“non-U.S. holder”). 

 Special rules may apply to certain
non-U.S. holders such as “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive
foreign investment companies” and “foreign personal holding companies.” Such
entities are encouraged to consult their tax advisors to determine the United States federal, state, local and other tax consequences that may be relevant to
them. 

 U.S. Federal
Withholding Tax. Subject
to the discussion below, U.S. federal withholding tax will not apply to
payments by us or our paying agent, in its capacity as such, of principal and
interest on your notes under the “portfolio interest” exception of the Internal
Revenue Code, provided that: 

 • you do not, directly or indirectly, actually or
constructively, own 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all
classes of our stock entitled to vote; 

 • you are not (1) a controlled foreign
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related, directly
or indirectly, to us through sufficient stock ownership, as provided in the
Internal Revenue Code, or (2) a bank receiving interest described in
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code; 

 24 

 • such interest is not effectively connected with
your conduct of a U.S. trade or business; and 

 • you provide a signed written statement, under
penalties of perjury, which can reliably be related to you, certifying that you
are not a U.S. person within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code and
providing your name and address to: 

 • us or our paying agent; or 

 • 
 a securities clearing
organization, bank or other financial institution that holds customers’
securities in the ordinary course of its trade or business and holds your notes
on your behalf and that certifies to us or our paying agent under penalties of
perjury that it, or the bank or financial institution between it and you, has
received from you your signed, written statement and provides us or our paying
agent with a copy of such statement. 

 Treasury regulations provide that: 

 • if you are a foreign partnership, the
certification requirement will generally apply to your partners, and you will
be required to provide certain information; 

 • if you are a foreign trust, the certification
requirement will generally be applied to you or your beneficial owners
depending on whether you are a “foreign complex trust,” “foreign simple trust,”
or “foreign grantor trust” as defined in the Treasury regulations; and 

 • look-through rules will apply for tiered
partnerships, foreign simple trusts and foreign grantor trusts. 

 If you are a foreign partnership or a foreign trust,
you should consult your own tax advisor regarding your status under these
Treasury regulations and the certification requirements applicable to you. 

 If you cannot satisfy the portfolio interest
requirements described above, payments of interest will be subject to the 30%
United States withholding tax, unless you provide us with a properly executed
(1) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming an exemption from
or reduction in withholding under the benefit of an applicable treaty or
(2) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI stating that interest paid
on the note is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively
connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States.
Alternative documentation may be applicable in certain circumstances. 

 If you are engaged in a trade or business in the
United States and interest on a note is effectively connected with the conduct
of that trade or business, you will be required to pay United States federal
income tax on that interest on a net income basis (although you will be exempt
from the 30% withholding tax provided the certification requirement described
above is met) in the same manner as if you were a U.S. person, except as
otherwise provided by an applicable tax treaty. If you are a foreign corporation,
you may be required to pay a branch profits tax on the earnings and profits
that are effectively connected to the conduct of your trade or business in the United States. 

Withholding tax at a rate of 30% will be imposed on payments of interest (including
original issue discount) and gross proceeds of sale in respect of debt
instruments to you or certain foreign financial institutions (including
investment funds) and other non-US persons receiving payments on your behalf,
if you or such institutions fail to comply with certain due diligence,
disclosure and reporting rules, as set forth in recently issued Treasury
regulations. However, the Treasury regulations generally exempt from such
withholding requirement obligations, such as debt instruments, issued before
January 1, 2014, provided that any material modification of such an obligation
made after such date will result in such obligation being considered newly
issued as of the effective date of such modification. These withholding rules
are generally effective with respect to payments of interest made after
December 31, 2013, and with respect to proceeds of sales received after
December 31, 2016. We will not pay any additional amounts to any holders or our
debt instruments in respect of any amounts withheld. You are encouraged to
consult with your tax advisor regarding U.S. withholding taxes and the
application of the recently issued Treasury regulations in light of your
particular circumstances. 

 Sale, Exchange or other Disposition of Notes. You generally will not have to pay U.S. federal income tax on any gain or income realized from the sale, redemption,
retirement at maturity or other disposition of your notes, unless: 

 • in the case of gain, you are an individual who
is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable
year of the sale or other disposition of your notes, and specific other
conditions are met; 

 • you are subject to tax provisions applicable to
certain United States expatriates; or 

 25 

 • the gain is effectively connected with your
conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

 If you are engaged in a trade or business in the United States, and gain with respect to your notes is effectively connected with the conduct of that
trade or business, you generally will be subject to U.S. income tax on a
net basis on the gain. In addition, if you are a foreign corporation, you may
be subject to a branch profits tax on your effectively connected earnings and
profits for the taxable year, as adjusted for certain items. 

 U.S. Federal
Estate Tax. If you are an
individual and are not a U.S. citizen or a resident of the United States,
as specially defined for U.S. federal estate tax purposes, at the time of
your death, your notes will generally not be subject to the U.S. federal
estate tax, unless, at the time of your death (1) you owned actually or
constructively 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all our
classes of stock entitled to vote, or (2) interest on the notes is
effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting. Backup withholding will not apply to
payments of principal or interest made by us or our paying agent, in its
capacity as such, to you if you have provided the required certification that
you are a non-U.S. holder as described in “— U.S. Federal
Withholding Tax” above, and provided that neither we nor our paying agent have
actual knowledge that you are a U.S. holder, as described in
“— U.S. Holders” above. We or our paying agent may, however, report
payments of interest on the notes. 

 The gross proceeds from the disposition of your notes
may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding tax. If you sell
your notes outside the United States through a non-U.S. office of a
non-U.S. broker and the sales proceeds are paid to you outside the United States, then the U.S. backup withholding and information reporting requirements
generally will not apply to that payment. However, U.S. information
reporting, but not backup withholding, will apply to a payment of sales
proceeds, even if that payment is made outside the United States, if you sell
your notes through a non-U.S. office of a broker that: 

 • is a U.S. person, as defined in the
Internal Revenue Code; 

 • derives 50% or more of its gross income in
specific periods from the conduct of a trade or business in the United States; 

 • is a “controlled foreign corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or 

 • is a foreign partnership, if at any time during
its tax year, one or more of its partners are U.S. persons who in the
aggregate hold more than 50% of the income or capital interests in the
partnership, or the foreign partnership is engaged in a U.S. trade or
business, unless the broker has documentary evidence in its files that you are
a non-U.S. person and certain other conditions are met or you otherwise
establish an exemption. If you receive payments of the proceeds of a sale of
your notes to or through a U.S. office of a broker, the payment is subject
to both U.S. backup withholding and information reporting unless you
provide a Form W-8BEN certifying that you are a non-U.S. person or
you otherwise establish an exemption. 

 You should consult your own tax advisor regarding
application of backup withholding in your particular circumstance and the
availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup
withholding. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from a
payment to you will be allowed as a refund or credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is furnished to
the Internal Revenue Service. 

 U.S. Federal
Income and Estate Taxation of Holders of Our Warrants 

 Exercise of Warrants. You will not generally recognize gain or
loss upon the exercise of a warrant. Your basis in the debt securities,
preferred stock, depositary shares or common stock, as the case may be,
received upon the exercise of the warrant will be equal to the sum of your
adjusted tax basis in the warrant and the exercise price paid. Your holding period
in the debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or common stock, as
the case may be, received upon the exercise of the warrant will not include the
period during which the warrant was held by you. 

 Expiration of Warrants. Upon the expiration of a warrant, you will
recognize a capital loss in an amount equal to your adjusted tax basis in the
warrant. 

 Sale or
Exchange of Warrants. Upon
the sale or exchange of a warrant to a person other than us, you will recognize
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized
on the sale or exchange and your adjusted tax basis in the warrant. Such gain
or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss
if the warrant was held for more than one year. 

 26 

 Upon
the sale of the warrant to us, the Internal Revenue Service may argue that you
should recognize ordinary income on the sale. You are advised to consult your
own tax advisors as to the consequences of a sale of a warrant to us. 

 Potential Legislation or Other Actions Affecting Tax
Consequences 

 Current and prospective securities holders should
recognize that the present federal income tax treatment of an investment in us
may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time
and that any such action may affect investments and commitments previously
made. The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under
review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal
Revenue Service and the Treasury Department, resulting in revisions of
regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as
statutory changes. Revisions in federal tax laws and interpretations of these
laws could adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in us. 

 State, Local and Foreign Taxes 

 We, and holders of our debt and equity securities, may
be subject to state, local or foreign taxation in various jurisdictions,
including those in which we or they transact business, own property or reside.
It should be noted that we own properties located in a number of state, local
and foreign jurisdictions, and may be required to file tax returns in some or
all of those jurisdictions. The state, local or foreign tax treatment of us and
holders of our debt and equity securities may not conform to the U.S. federal
income tax consequences discussed above. Consequently, you are urged to consult
your advisor regarding the application and effect of state, local and foreign
tax laws with respect to any investment in our securities. 

 Internet Access to Our SEC
Filings 

 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
those reports, as well as our proxy statements and other materials that are
filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission are made
available, free of charge, on the Internet at www.hcreit.com, as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 Item 1A. Risk
Factors 

 Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors 

 This section discusses the most significant factors
that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not
describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or
ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, as well as other
risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think
are not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the value of our securities could decline. 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents
incorporated by reference contain statements that constitute “forward-looking
statements” as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those regarding: 

 • the possible expansion
of our portfolio, including our ability to close our anticipated acquisitions
and investments on currently anticipated terms, or within currently anticipated
timeframes, or at all; 

 • the sale of
properties; 

 • the performance of our
operators/tenants and properties; 

 • our ability to enter
into agreements with new viable tenants for vacant space or for properties that
we take back from financially troubled tenants, if any; 

 • our occupancy rates; 

 • our ability to
acquire, develop and/or manage properties; 

 • our ability to make
distributions to stockholders; 

 27 

 • our
policies and plans regarding investments, financings and other matters; 

 • our ability to
successfully manage the risks associated with international expansion and
operations; 

 • our tax status as a
real estate investment trust; 

 • our critical
accounting policies; 

 • our ability to
appropriately balance the use of debt and equity; 

 • our ability to access
capital markets or other sources of funds; and 

 • our ability to meet
our earnings guidance. 

 When we use words such as “may,” “will,” “intend,”
“should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate” or similar
expressions, we are making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and
uncertainties. Our expected results may not be achieved, and actual results may
differ materially from our expectations. This may be a result of various factors,
including, but not limited to: 

 • the status of the
economy; 

 • the status of capital
markets, including availability and cost of capital; 

 • issues facing the
health care industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations
and payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive
settlements and operators’/tenants’ difficulty in cost-effectively obtaining
and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; 

 • changes in financing
terms; 

 • competition within the
health care, seniors housing and life science industries; 

 • negative developments
in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants,
including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; 

 • our ability to
transition or sell facilities with profitable results; 

 • the failure to make
new investments as and when anticipated; 

 • acts of God affecting
our properties; 

 • our ability to
re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; 

 • our ability to timely
reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets sold; 

 • operator/tenant or
joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies; 

 • the cooperation of
joint venture partners; 

 • government regulations
affecting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational
requirements; 

 • regulatory approval
and market acceptance of the products and technologies of life science tenants; 

 • liability or contract
claims by or against operators/tenants; 

 • unanticipated
difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future acquisitions; 

 • environmental laws
affecting our properties; 

 28 

 • changes
in rules or practices governing our financial reporting; 

 • the movement of U.S.
and foreign currency exchange rates; 

 • qualification as a REIT; 

 • key management
personnel recruitment and retention; and 

 • the risks described
below: 

 Risk factors related
to our operators’ revenues and expenses 

 Our operators’ revenues are primarily driven by
occupancy, private pay rates, and Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if
applicable. Expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of
labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Revenues
from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure
due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. Operating costs continue
to increase for our operators. To the extent that any decrease in revenues
and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating
enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of
other collateral would have to be relied upon. To the extent the value of such
property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset.
Furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such
sale may result in a loss. Any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively
affect our financial results. 

 The continued weakened economy may have an adverse
effect on our operators and tenants, including their ability to access credit
or maintain occupancy and/or private pay rates. If the operations, cash flows
or financial condition of our operators are materially adversely impacted by
economic conditions, our revenue and operations may be adversely affected. 

 Increased competition may affect our operators’ ability
to meet their obligations to us 

 The operators of our properties compete on a local and
regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers
that provide comparable services. We cannot be certain that the operators of
all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate
levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our
operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that
could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. 

 Risk factors related to obligor bankruptcies 

 We are exposed to the risk that our obligors may not
be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us,
which may result in an obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that an obligor
might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons.
Although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a
tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our
loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand
immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the
collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws
afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or
reorganization. An obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings
may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of
a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and
to exercise other rights and remedies. 

 We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g.,
real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment
property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a
property to a new tenant. In some instances, we have terminated our lease with
a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. In some of those situations,
we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the
new obligor. If we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may
take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor
liabilities. Should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may
be adversely affected. 

 Transfers of health care facilities may require
regulatory approvals and these facilities
may not have efficient alternative uses 

 Transfers of health care facilities to successor
operators frequently are subject to regulatory approvals or notifications,
including, but not limited to, change of ownership approvals under certificate
of need (“CON”) or determination of need laws, state licensure laws and
Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements, that are not required for
transfers of other types of real estate. The replacement of a health care
facility operator could be delayed by the approval process of any federal,
state or local agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. Alternatively,
given the specialized nature of our facilities, we may be required to spend
substantial time and funds to adapt these properties to other uses. If we are
unable 

 29 

 to timely transfer properties to successor
operators or find efficient alternative uses, our revenue and operations may be
adversely affected. 

 Risk factors related to government regulations 

 Some of our obligors’ businesses are affected by
government reimbursement. To the extent that an operator/tenant receives a
significant portion of its revenues from government payors, primarily Medicare
and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes,
retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments or set-offs,
court decisions, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or
other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding
restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities) and
interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing government investigations
and audits at such property. In recent years, government payors have frozen or
reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary pressures. Health
care reimbursement will likely continue to be of paramount importance to
federal and state authorities. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate
timing or effect any future legislative reforms may have on the financial
condition of our obligors and properties. There can be no assurance that
adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services provided by any
property operator, whether the property receives reimbursement from Medicare,
Medicaid or private payors. Significant limits on the scope of services
reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse
effect on an obligor’s liquidity, financial condition and results of
operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an obligor to meet its
obligations to us. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government
Regulations — Reimbursement” above. 

 Our operators and tenants generally are subject to
varying levels of federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure,
certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards. Our operators’
or tenants’ failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or standards
could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of
fines, suspension, decertification or exclusion from federal and state health
care programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. Such actions may
have an effect on our operators’ or tenants’ ability to make lease payments to
us and, therefore, adversely impact us. See “Item 1 — Business —
Certain Government Regulations — Other Related Laws” above. 

 Many of our properties may require a license,
registration, and/or CON to operate. Failure to obtain a license, registration,
or CON, or loss of a required license, registration, or CON would prevent a
facility from operating in the manner intended by the operators or tenants.
These events could materially adversely affect our operators’ or tenants’
ability to make rent payments to us. State and local laws also may regulate
the expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or acquisition of
medical equipment, and the construction or renovation of health care
facilities, by requiring a CON or other similar approval from a state agency.
See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government Regulations —
Licensing and Certification” above. 

 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of
2010, as modified by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
(collectively, the “Health Reform Laws”), provides states with an increased
federal medical assistance percentage under certain conditions. On June 28,
2012, The United States Supreme Court upheld the individual mandate of the
Health Reform Laws but partially invalidated the expansion of Medicaid. The
ruling on Medicaid expansion will allow states not to participate in the
expansion—and to forego funding for the Medicaid expansion—without losing their
existing Medicaid funding. Given that the federal government substantially
funds the Medicaid expansion, it is unclear whether any state will pursue this
option, although at least some appear to be considering this option at this
time. The participation by states in the Medicaid expansion could have the dual
effect of increasing our tenants’ revenues, through new patients, but further
straining state budgets. While the federal government will pay for
approximately 100% of those additional costs from 2014 to 2016, states will be
expected to begin paying for part of those additional costs in 2017. With
increasingly strained budgets, it is unclear how states will pay their share of
these additional Medicaid costs and what other health care expenditures could
be reduced as a result. A significant reduction in other health care related
spending by states to pay for increased Medicaid costs could affect our
tenants’ revenue streams. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain
Government Regulations — Reimbursement” above and “Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Health
Care Industry—Health Reform Laws” below. 

 More generally, and because of the dynamic nature of
the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and
services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, we
cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or
regulatory changes could have on the U.S. economy, our business or that of our
tenants. 

 Risk factors related to liability claims and insurance
costs 

 In recent years, skilled nursing and seniors housing
operators have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of
patient care liability claims. As a result, general and professional liability
costs have increased in some markets. General and professional liability
insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect
the property operators’ future 

 30 

 operations, cash flows
and financial condition, and may have a material adverse effect on the property
operators’ ability to meet their obligations to us. 

 Unfavorable resolution of pending and future
litigation matters and disputes could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition. 

 From time to time, we may be directly involved in a
number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. We may also be named as
defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of
our operators/tenants or managers in which such operators/tenants or managers
have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various
claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective
businesses. An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial
costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable
settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or
future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead
to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. 

 Risk factors related to acquisitions 

 We are exposed to the risk that some of our
acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated
difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including
contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant
management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business.
If we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the
project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the
project. Such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments,
the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated
in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all. 

 Risk factors related to joint ventures 

 We have entered into, and may continue in the future
to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities.
Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other
methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become
insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to
meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for
guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have
economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent
with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our
partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such
disputes and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability
of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action
or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. In addition, our
ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be
restricted. In some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to
trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or
acquire our partner’s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have
initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partner’s interest may
be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or
other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest
in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. Joint
ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners,
which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures.
Even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require
partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property. 

 Risk factors related to our seniors housing operating
properties 

 We are exposed to various operational risks with
respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs
or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks include
fluctuations in occupancy, Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable,
and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local,
and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws,
regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general
and professional liability insurance coverage; state regulation and rights of
residents related to entrance fees; the availability and increases in the cost
of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise). Any one or a combination
of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations. 

 Risk factors related to life science facilities 

 Our tenants in the life science industry face high
levels of regulation, expense and uncertainty that may adversely affect their
ability to make payments to us. Research, development and clinical testing of
products and technologies can be very expensive and sources of funds may not be
available to our life science tenants in the future. The products and technologies
that are developed and 

 31 

 manufactured by our life
science tenants may require regulatory approval prior to being made, marketed,
sold and used. The regulatory process can be costly, long and unpredictable.
Even after a tenant gains regulatory approval and market acceptance, the
product still presents regulatory and liability risks, such as safety concerns,
competition from new products and eventually the expiration of patent
protection. These factors may affect the ability of our life science tenants to
make timely payments to us, which may adversely affect our revenue and
operations. 

 Risk factors related to indebtedness 

 Permanent financing for our investments is typically
provided through a combination of public offerings of debt and equity securities
and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. The incurrence or assumption
of indebtedness may cause us to become more leveraged, which could
(1) require us to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flow to the
payment of debt service, (2) make us more vulnerable to a downturn in the
economy, (3) limit our ability to obtain additional financing, or
(4) negatively affect our credit ratings or outlook by one or more of the
rating agencies. 

 Our debt agreements contain various covenants,
restrictions and events of default. Among other things, these provisions
require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and
impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and
make investments or acquisitions. Breaches of these covenants could result in
defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in
addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments.
These defaults could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

 In addition, adverse economic conditions may impact
the availability of additional funds or could cause the terms on which we are
able to borrow additional funds to become unfavorable. In those circumstances,
we may be required to raise additional equity in the capital markets. Our
access to capital depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or
no control, including rising interest rates, inflation and other general market
conditions and the market’s perception of our growth potential and our current
and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of
the shares of our capital stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
raise the capital necessary to make future investments or to meet our
obligations and commitments as they mature. 

 Risk factors related to our credit ratings 

 We plan to manage the Company to maintain a capital
structure consistent with our current profile, but there can be no assurance
that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. Any downgrades in
terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a
material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in
turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations,
liquidity and/or financial condition. 

 Risk factors related to swaps 

 We enter into interest rate swap agreements from time
to time to manage some of our exposure to interest rate and foreign currency
exchange rate volatility. These swap agreements involve risks, such as the risk
that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these
arrangements. In addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing
our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates.
When we use forward-starting interest rate swaps, there is a risk that we will
not complete the long-term borrowing against which the swap is intended to
hedge. If such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

 Risk factors related to environmental laws 

 Under various federal and state laws, owners or
operators of real estate may be required to respond to the presence or release
of hazardous substances on the property and may be held liable for property
damage, personal injuries or penalties that result from environmental
contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. We may become liable to
reimburse the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the
contamination. Generally, such liability attaches to a person based on the
person’s relationship to the property. Our tenants or borrowers are primarily
responsible for the condition of the property. Moreover, we review
environmental site assessments of the properties that we own or encumber prior
to taking an interest in them. Those assessments are designed to meet the “all
appropriate inquiry” standard, which we believe qualifies us for the innocent
purchaser defense if environmental liabilities arise. Based upon such assessments,
we do not believe that any of our properties are subject to material
environmental contamination. However, environmental liabilities may be present
in our properties and we may incur costs to remediate contamination, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition or
the business or financial condition of our obligors. 

 Risk factors related to facilities that require
entrance fees 

 32 

 Certain of our seniors housing facilities require the
payment of an upfront entrance fee by the resident, a portion of which may be
refundable by the operator. Some of these facilities are subject to substantial
oversight by state regulators relating to these funds. As a result of this
oversight, residents of these facilities may have a variety of rights,
including, for example, the right to cancel their contracts within a specified
period of time and certain lien rights. The oversight and rights of residents
within these facilities may have an effect on the revenue or operations of the
operators of such facilities and therefore may negatively impact us. 

 Risk factors related to facilities under construction
or development 

 At any given time, we may be in the process of
constructing one or more new facilities that ultimately will require a CON and
license before they can be utilized by the operator for their intended use. The
operator also may need to obtain Medicare and Medicaid certification and enter
into Medicare and Medicaid provider agreements and/or third party payor
contracts. In the event that the operator is unable to obtain the necessary
CON, licensure, certification, provider agreements or contracts after the
completion of construction, there is a risk that we will not be able to earn
any revenues on the facility until either the initial operator obtains a
license or certification to operate the new facility and the necessary provider
agreements or contracts or we find and contract with a new operator that is
able to obtain a license to operate the facility for its intended use and the
necessary provider agreements or contracts. 

 In connection with our renovation, redevelopment,
development and related construction activities, we may be unable to obtain, or
suffer delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and
other required governmental permits and authorizations. These factors could
result in increased costs or our abandonment of these projects. In addition, we
may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, which may render us
unable to proceed with our development activities, and we may not be able to
complete construction and lease-up of a property on schedule, which could
result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. 

 Additionally, the time frame required for development,
construction and lease-up of these properties means that we may have to wait
years for significant cash returns. Because we are required to make cash
distributions to our stockholders, if the cash flow from operations or
refinancing is not sufficient, we may be forced to borrow additional money to
fund such distributions. Newly developed and acquired properties may not
produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall
financial performance. 

 In deciding whether to acquire or develop a particular
property, we make assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that
property. In particular, we estimate the return on our investment based on
expected occupancy, rental rates and capital costs. If our financial
projections with respect to a new property are inaccurate as a result of
increases in capital costs or other factors, the property may fail to perform
as we expected in analyzing our investment. Our estimate of the costs of
repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate,
which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. Additionally,
we may acquire new properties that are not fully leased, and the cash flow from
existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt
service associated with that property. 

 We do not know if our tenants will renew their
existing leases, and if they do not, 
 we may be unable to lease the properties on as favorable terms, or at all 

 We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew
existing leases at the end of their lease terms, which expire at various times.
If these leases are not renewed, we would be required to find other tenants to
occupy those properties or sell them. There can be no assurance that we would
be able to identify suitable replacement tenants or enter into leases with new
tenants on terms as favorable to us as the current leases or that we would be
able to lease those properties at all. 

 Our ownership of properties through ground leases
exposes us to the loss of such properties
upon breach or termination of the ground leases 

 We have acquired an interest in certain of our
properties by acquiring a leasehold interest in the property on which the
building is located, and we may acquire additional properties in the future
through the purchase of interests in ground leases. As the lessee under a
ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon
termination of the ground lease or an earlier breach of the ground lease by us. 

 Illiquidity of real estate investments could
significantly impede our ability to 
 respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties 

 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our
ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes
in economic and other conditions will be limited. No assurances can be given
that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell
for liquidity reasons. Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the
performance of our investments could 

 33 

 adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are exposed
to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in
particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. A downturn in the
real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our
ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us. 

 Risk factors related to reinvestment of sale proceeds 

 From time to time, we will have cash available from
(1) the proceeds of sales of our securities, (2) principal payments
on our loans receivable and (3) the sale of properties, including
non-elective dispositions, under the terms of master leases or similar
financial support arrangements. In order to maintain current revenues and
continue generating attractive returns, we expect to re-invest these proceeds
in a timely manner. We compete for real estate investments with a broad variety
of potential investors. This competition for attractive investments may
negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to
us. 

 Failure to properly manage our rapid growth could
distract our management or increase 
 our expenses 

 We have experienced rapid growth and development in a
relatively short period of time and expect to continue this rapid growth in the
future. This growth has resulted in increased levels of responsibility for our
management. Future property acquisitions could place significant additional
demands on, and require us to expand, our management, resources and personnel.
Our failure to manage any such rapid growth effectively could harm our business
and, in particular, our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows, which could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to
stockholders. Our growth could also increase our capital requirements, which
may require us to issue potentially dilutive equity securities and incur
additional debt. 

 Ownership of property outside the United States may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our
domestic operations 

 We have operations in Canada and the United Kingdom. International
development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are
different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and
operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, any international
currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not
qualify under the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test that we
must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT; 
challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash;
changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions, including
regionally, nationally, and locally; challenges in managing international
operations; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and
regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance,
operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; foreign
ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; differences in
lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide
financing; regional or country-specific business cycles and economic
instability; and changes in applicable laws and regulations in the United
States that affect foreign operations. If we are unable to successfully manage
the risks associated with international expansion and operations, our results
of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

 Risk factors related to changes in currency exchange
rates 

 As we expand our operations internationally, currency
exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial
position. We expect to generate an increasing portion of our revenue and
expenses in such foreign currencies as the Canadian dollar and the British
pound. Although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial
institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our
exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, we cannot assure you that foreign currency
fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

 We might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT 

 We intend to operate as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and believe we have and will
continue to operate in such a manner. If we lose our status as a REIT, we will
face serious income tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds
available for satisfying our obligations and for distribution to our
stockholders because: 

 • we would not be
allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable
income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate
rates; 

 • we could be subject to
the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local
taxes; and 

 • unless we are entitled
to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax
as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were
disqualified. 

 34 

 Since REIT qualification requires us to meet a number
of complex requirements, it is possible that we may fail to fulfill them, and
if we do, our earnings will be reduced by the amount of U.S. federal and other
income taxes owed. A reduction in our earnings would affect the amount we could
distribute to our stockholders. If we do not qualify as a REIT, we would not be
required to make distributions to stockholders since a non-REIT is not required
to pay dividends to stockholders in order to maintain REIT status or avoid an
excise tax. See “Item 1 — Business — Taxation — Federal
Income Tax Considerations” for a discussion of the provisions of the Code that
apply to us and the effects of failure to qualify as a REIT. 

 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, all
distributions to stockholders would continue to be treated as dividends to the
extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, although corporate
stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and
individual stockholders may be eligible for taxation at the rates generally
applicable to long-term capital gains (currently at a maximum rate of 20%) with
respect to distributions. 

 As a result of all these factors, our failure to
qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to implement our business
strategy and would adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of
highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited
judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of various
factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect
our ability to remain qualified as a REIT. Although we believe that we qualify
as a REIT, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify or remain
qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See
“Item 1 — Business — Taxation — Federal Income Tax
Considerations” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The 90% annual distribution requirement will decrease
our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial
transactions 

 To comply with the 90% distribution requirement
applicable to REITs and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make
distributions to our stockholders. See “Item 1 — Business
— Taxation — Federal Income Tax Considerations — Qualification
as a REIT — Annual Distribution Requirements” included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Although we anticipate that we generally will have
sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the REIT distribution
requirement, it is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient
cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement, or we may
decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to
avoid income and excise taxation. This may be due to timing differences between
the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the
one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in
arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand. In addition, non-deductible
expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures
in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash
or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. In
the event that timing differences occur, or we deem it appropriate to retain
cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities (although we
cannot assure you that we will be able to do so), pay taxable stock dividends,
if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in another
transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements.
This may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations. 

 The lease of qualified health care properties to a taxable
REIT subsidiary is subject to special requirements 

 We lease certain qualified health care properties to
taxable REIT subsidiaries (or limited liability companies of which the taxable
REIT subsidiaries are members), which lessees contract with managers (or
related parties) to manage the health care operations at these properties. The
rents from this taxable REIT subsidiary lessee structure are treated as
qualifying rents from real property if (1) they are paid pursuant to an
arms-length lease of a qualified health care property with a taxable REIT
subsidiary and (2) the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor
(as defined in the Code). If any of these conditions are not satisfied, then
the rents will not be qualifying rents. See “Item 1 — Business — Taxation —
Federal Income Tax Considerations — Qualification as a REIT — Income Tests.” 

 If certain sale-leaseback transactions are not
characterized by the Internal Revenue Service as “true leases,” we may be
subject to adverse tax consequences 

 We have purchased certain properties and leased them
back to the sellers of such properties, and we may enter into similar transactions
in the future. We intend for any such sale-leaseback transaction to be
structured in such a manner that the lease will be characterized as a “true
lease,” thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. However, depending on the terms of any specific
transaction, the Internal Revenue Service might take the position that the
transaction is not a “true lease” but is more properly treated in some other
manner. In the event any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and
successfully re-characterized by the Internal Revenue Service, we would not be
entitled to claim the deductions for depreciation and 

 35 

 cost recovery generally
available to an owner of property. Furthermore, if a sale-leaseback transaction
were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT asset tests or
income tests and, consequently, could lose our REIT status effective with the
year of re-characterization. See “Item 1 — Business — Taxation — Federal
Income Tax Considerations — Qualification as a REIT — Asset Tests” and “—
Income Tests.” Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be
recalculated, which may cause us to fail to meet the REIT annual distribution
requirements for a taxable year. See “Item 1 — Business — Taxation — Federal
Income Tax Considerations — Qualification as a REIT — Annual Distribution
Requirements.” 

 Other risk factors 

 We are also subject to other risks. First, our certificate
of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions (restrictions on
share ownership and transfer and super majority stockholder approval
requirements for business combinations) that could make it more difficult for
or even prevent a third party from acquiring us without the approval of our
incumbent Board of Directors. Provisions and agreements that inhibit or
discourage takeover attempts could reduce the market value of our common stock. 

 Additionally, we are dependent on key personnel.
Although we have entered into employment agreements with our executive
officers, losing any one of them could, at least temporarily, have an adverse
impact on our operations. We believe that losing more than one could have a
material adverse impact on our business. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

 None. 

 36 

 Item 2. Properties 

 We own our corporate
headquarters located at 4500 Dorr Street, Toledo, Ohio 43615. We also own
corporate offices in Tennessee, lease corporate offices in Florida and
California and have ground leases relating to certain of our properties. The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the properties that
comprise our consolidated real property and real estate loan investments as of
December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Seniors
 Housing Triple-Net 

 Seniors
 Housing Operating 

 Property Location 

 Number
 of Properties 

 Total
 Investment 

 Annualized
 Revenues (1) 

 Number
 of Properties 

 Total
 Investment 

 Annualized
 Revenues (1) 

 Alabama 

 2 

 $ 

 20,922 

 $ 

 1,688 

 2 

 $ 

 33,059 

 $ 

 5,494 

 Arizona 

 2 

 14,287 

 1,364 

 4 

 43,930 

 16,143 

 California 

 3 

 31,144 

 4,296 

 40 

 1,095,637 

 268,985 

 Colorado 

 4 

 85,485 

 9,771 

 2 

 59,281 

 17,414 

 Connecticut 

 23 

 215,401 

 22,354 

 14 

 340,487 

 101,889 

 Delaware 

 10 

 157,444 

 15,741 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Florida 

 39 

 630,924 

 50,877 

 1 

 5,706 

 4,366 

 Georgia 

 7 

 148,727 

 10,068 

 5 

 42,996 

 20,149 

 Idaho 

 1 

 17,253 

 1,970 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Illinois 

 13 

 293,843 

 25,015 

 5 

 287,632 

 45,930 

 Indiana 

 18 

 249,678 

 24,969 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Iowa 

 3 

 49,559 

 3,868 

 1 

 36,109 

 5,729 

 Kansas 

 8 

 158,640 

 15,494 

 2 

 52,492 

 10,515 

 Kentucky 

 11 

 66,869 

 8,764 

 1 

 23,099 

 6,416 

 Louisiana 

 1 

 4,914 

 1,376 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Maine 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1 

 25,884 

 5,269 

 Maryland 

 27 

 409,017 

 35,300 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Massachusetts 

 34 

 451,096 

 53,093 

 13 

 319,158 

 83,638 

 Michigan 

 8 

 117,961 

 9,982 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Minnesota 

 3 

 38,769 

 4,117 

 1 

 26,297 

 6,875 

 Mississippi 

 3 

 32,734 

 3,280 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Missouri 

 2 

 30,470 

 2,790 

 2 

 71,148 

 9,562 

 Montana 

 1 

 6,914 

 1,366 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Nebraska 

 4 

 37,170 

 4,067 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Nevada 

 2 

 68,255 

 7,483 

 2 

 34,233 

 8,664 

 New Hampshire 

 12 

 185,972 

 19,868 

 2 

 51,208 

 10,103 

 New Jersey 

 56 

 1,215,282 

 96,180 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 New Mexico 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1 

 20,102 

 1,375 

 New York 

 9 

 212,913 

 16,177 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 North Carolina 

 45 

 272,994 

 29,218 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Ohio 

 28 

 239,641 

 32,809 

 3 

 191,366 

 13,233 

 Oklahoma 

 16 

 115,027 

 13,494 

 2 

 39,856 

 2,166 

 Oregon 

 1 

 3,643 

 733 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Pennsylvania 

 45 

 803,478 

 81,401 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Rhode Island 

 3 

 47,576 

 5,001 

 3 

 73,594 

 21,656 

 South Carolina 

 8 

 274,269 

 14,502 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Tennessee 

 25 

 201,670 

 25,380 

 2 

 55,093 

 15,379 

 Texas 

 39 

 369,178 

 55,205 

 12 

 267,899 

 66,923 

 Utah 

 1 

 6,226 

 887 

 1 

 17,877 

 9,828 

 Vermont 

 2 

 27,728 

 2,917 

 1 

 29,373 

 6,172 

 Virginia 

 7 

 95,018 

 9,752 

 - 

 580,834 (2) 

 30,261 (2) 

 Washington 

 7 

 121,856 

 12,517 

 18 

 537,028 

 83,980 

 West Virginia 

 24 

 391,682 

 41,102 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Wisconsin 

 15 

 195,883 

 19,913 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total domestic 

 572 

 8,117,512 

 796,149 

 141 

 4,361,378 

 878,114 

 International 

 1 

 37,138 

 673 

 13 

 587,158 

 76,434 

 Total 

 573 

 $ 

 8,154,650 

 $ 

 796,822 

 154 

 $ 

 4,948,536 

 $ 

 954,548 

 (1) Reflects annualized revenues adjusted for timing of
 investment. 

 (2) Amounts represent loan and related interest income for loan
 to Sunrise Senior Living that was acquired upon merger consummation on
 January 9, 2013. See Notes 6 and 21 to our consolidated financial statements
 for additional information. 

 37 

 Medical
 Facilities 

 Property Location 

 Number
 of Properties 

 Total
 Investment 

 Annualized
 Revenues (1) 

 Alabama 

 3 

 $ 

 33,842 

 $ 

 4,467 

 Alaska 

 1 

 24,996 

 3,309 

 Arizona 

 4 

 78,379 

 9,554 

 Arkansas 

 1 

 28,238 

 2,836 

 California 

 16 

 508,627 

 56,676 

 Colorado 

 1 

 6,008 

 622 

 Florida 

 41 

 548,568 

 52,370 

 Georgia 

 11 

 190,250 

 22,004 

 Idaho 

 1 

 19,288 

 2,677 

 Illinois 

 3 

 28,369 

 4,863 

 Indiana 

 7 

 136,101 

 15,732 

 Kansas 

 5 

 45,450 

 8,154 

 Kentucky 

 1 

 27,583 

 3,172 

 Louisiana 

 2 

 20,111 

 1,814 

 Maine 

 1 

 25,172 

 2,933 

 Maryland 

 1 

 21,119 

 69 

 Massachusetts 

 1 

 9,270 

 4,249 

 Minnesota 

 5 

 100,419 

 13,619 

 Missouri 

 6 

 156,078 

 14,099 

 Nebraska 

 3 

 149,739 

 16,885 

 Nevada 

 6 

 72,865 

 6,410 

 New Jersey 

 8 

 279,849 

 46,813 

 New Mexico 

 3 

 39,271 

 3,198 

 New York 

 8 

 89,684 

 9,520 

 North Carolina 

 10 

 55,385 

 5,930 

 Ohio 

 10 

 100,298 

 10,493 

 Oklahoma 

 2 

 17,475 

 2,344 

 Oregon 

 1 

 766 

 - 

 Pennsylvania 

 1 

 18,714 

 3,286 

 Tennessee 

 8 

 97,935 

 9,494 

 Texas 

 47 

 870,139 

 78,499 

 Virginia 

 4 

 68,400 

 6,327 

 Washington 

 5 

 149,070 

 7,804 

 Wisconsin 

 19 

 302,365 

 30,112 

 Total 

 246 

 $ 

 4,319,823 

 $ 

 460,334 

 (1) Reflects annualized revenues adjusted for timing of
 investment. 

 The following table sets forth occupancy, coverages
and average annualized revenues for certain property types (excluding
investments in unconsolidated entities): 

 Occupancy (1) 

 Coverages (1,2) 

 Average
 Annualized Revenues (3) 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 2012 

 2011 

 Seniors housing triple-net (4) 

 89.9% 

 88.2% 

 1.34x 

 1.38x 

 $ 

 14,509 

 $ 

 15,001 

 per unit 

 Skilled nursing/post-acute (4) 

 87.4% 

 88.0% 

 1.75x 

 2.22x 

 11,681 

 9,954 

 per bed 

 Seniors housing operating (5) 

 92.3% 

 90.1% 

 n/a 

 n/a 

 54,183 

 47,432 

 per unit 

 Hospitals (4) 

 60.3% 

 59.0% 

 2.40x 

 2.47x 

 49,244 

 43,929 

 per bed 

 Medical office buildings (6) 

 94.4% 

 93.4% 

 n/a 

 n/a 

 28 

 27 

 per sq. ft. 

 (1) We use unaudited, periodic financial information provided
 solely by tenants/borrowers to calculate occupancy and coverages for
 properties other than medical office buildings and have not independently
 verified the information. 

 (2) Represents the ratio of our triple-net customers' earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and management fees
 to contractual rent or interest due us. Data reflects the 12 months ended
 September 30 for the periods presented. 

 (3) Represents annualized revenues divided by total beds, units
 or square feet as presented in the tables above. 

 (4) Occupancy represents average quarterly operating occupancy
 based on the quarters ended September 30 and excludes properties that are
 unstabilized, closed or for which data is not available or meaningful. 

 (5) Occupancy for seniors housing operating represents average
 occupancy for the three months ended December 31. 

 (6) Medical office building occupancy represents the percentage
 of total rentable square feet leased and occupied (including month-to-month
 and holdover leases and excluding terminations and
 discontinued operations) as of December 31. 

 38 

 The following table sets forth information regarding
lease expirations for certain portions of our portfolio as of December 31, 2012
(dollars in thousands): 

 Expiration
 Year 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 2018 

 2019 

 2020 

 2021 

 2022 

 Thereafter 

 Seniors housing triple-net: 

 Properties 

 18 

 15 

 1 

 - 

 34 

 51 

 - 

 12 

 55 

 10 

 357 

 Base rent (1) 

 $ 

 13,437 

 $ 

 25,900 

 $ 

 4,669 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 15,594 

 $ 

 37,194 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 14,944 

 $ 

 60,927 

 $ 

 12,817 

 $ 

 566,733 

 % of base rent 

 1.8% 

 3.4% 

 0.6% 

 0.0% 

 2.1% 

 4.9% 

 0.0% 

 2.0% 

 8.1% 

 1.7% 

 77.1% 

 Hospitals: 

 Properties 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 3 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 23 

 Base rent (1) 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 2,350 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 77,818 

 % of base rent 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 2.9% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 0.0% 

 97.1% 

 Medical office buildings: 

 Square feet 

 600,865 

 641,228 

 724,578 

 752,263 

 1,073,659 

 693,746 

 652,059 

 693,517 

 823,656 

 1,944,163 

 3,091,420 

 Base rent (1) 

 $ 

 25,283 

 $ 

 13,384 

 $ 

 15,806 

 $ 

 16,413 

 $ 

 25,464 

 $ 

 14,679 

 $ 

 15,096 

 $ 

 15,650 

 $ 

 20,233 

 $ 

 38,860 

 $ 

 77,721 

 % of base rent 

 9.1% 

 4.8% 

 5.7% 

 5.9% 

 9.1% 

 5.3% 

 5.4% 

 5.6% 

 7.3% 

 13.9% 

 27.9% 

 (1) The most recent monthly base rent including straight line
 for leases with fixed escalators or annual cash rents with contingent
 escalators. Base rent does not include tenant recoveries or amortization of
 above and below market lease intangibles. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, there are various legal proceedings pending to which we are
a party or to which some of our properties are subject arising in the normal
course of business. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these
proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 

In August 2012, we entered into a merger agreement with Sunrise Senior Living,
Inc. (“Sunrise”). Following the announcement of the merger agreement,
complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Virginia and the Chancery Court for the State of Delaware challenging the
merger. The complaints challenge the merger on behalf of a putative class of
Sunrise public stockholders, and name as defendants Sunrise, its directors and
us. The complaints generally allege that the individual defendants breached
their fiduciary duties in connection with the merger and that the entity
defendants aided and abetted that breach. The complaint filed in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia additionally alleges that
the preliminary proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission by Sunrise fails to provide material information in violation of
Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated
thereunder. The complaints seek, among other things, injunctive relief against
the merger, unspecified damages and an award of plaintiffs’ expenses, including
attorneys’ fees. On December 5, 2012, the parties executed a Memorandum of
Understanding (the “MOU”) that provisionally settles the lawsuits subject to a
number of conditions. On January 17, 2013, the parties filed a Joint Motion to
Stay the Proceedings in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Virginia based upon the MOU and, on January 23, 2013, the U.S. District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia entered an order staying the proceedings
for six (6) months as the parties complete the settlement process. On February
11, 2013, the parties filed a [Proposed] Order Staying All Proceedings in the
Chancery Court for the State of Delaware and, on February 13, 2013, the
Chancery Court for the State of Delaware entered an order staying the
proceedings pending the completion of the settlement process in the lawsuit in
the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. On January 9,
2013, we completed our acquisition of the Sunrise property portfolio. Please
see Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 None. 

 39 

 PART II 

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 There were 4,936
stockholders of record as of January 31, 2013. The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the high and low prices of our common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:HCN), and common dividends paid per share: 

 Sales
 Price 

 Dividends 

 High 

 Low 

 Paid 

 2012 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 57.66 

 $ 

 53.26 

 $ 

 0.740 

 Second Quarter 

 58.34 

 52.40 

 0.740 

 Third Quarter 

 62.80 

 56.48 

 0.740 

 Fourth Quarter 

 61.33 

 56.88 

 0.740 

 2011 

 First Quarter 

 $ 

 52.74 

 $ 

 46.75 

 $ 

 0.690 

 Second Quarter 

 55.21 

 49.79 

 0.715 

 Third Quarter 

 54.63 

 41.03 

 0.715 

 Fourth Quarter 

 55.17 

 43.65 

 0.715 

 Our Board of Directors has
approved a new quarterly cash dividend rate of $0.765 per share of common stock
per quarter, commencing with the February 2013 dividend. The declaration and
payment of quarterly dividends remains subject to the review and approval of
the Board of Directors. 

 Stockholder Return Performance Presentation 

 Set forth below is a line
graph comparing the yearly percentage change and the cumulative total
stockholder return on our shares of common stock against the cumulative total
return of the S & P Composite-500 Stock Index and the FTSE NAREIT
Equity Index. As of December 31, 2012, 126 companies comprised the FTSE NAREIT
Equity Index. The Index consists of REITs identified by NAREIT as equity (those
REITs which have at least 75% of their investments in real property). The data
are based on the closing prices as of December 31 for each of the five years.
2007 equals $100 and dividends are assumed to be reinvested. 

 12/31/07 

 12/31/08 

 12/31/09 

 12/31/10 

 12/31/11 

 12/31/12 

 S & P 500 

 100.00 

 63.00 

 79.68 

 91.68 

 93.61 

 108.59 

 Health Care REIT, Inc. 

 100.00 

 100.30 

 113.19 

 129.42 

 156.94 

 185.53 

 FTSE NAREIT Equity 

 100.00 

 62.27 

 79.70 

 101.98 

 110.42 

 132.18 

 Except to the extent that we specifically incorporate
this information by reference, the foregoing Stockholder Return Performance
Presentation shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general
statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into
any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This information shall not
otherwise be deemed filed under such acts. 

 Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Period 

 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

 Average
 Price Paid Per Share 

 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 

 Maximum
 Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

 October 1, 2012 through October 31, 2012 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 November 1, 2012 through November 30, 2012 

 5,804 

 59.37 

 December 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012 

 - 

 - 

 Totals 

 5,804 

 $ 

 59.37 

 (1) During the three months ended December 31, 2012, the company
 acquired shares of common stock held by employees who tendered owned shares
 to satisfy tax withholding obligations. 

 (2) No shares were purchased as part of publicly announced plans
 or programs. 

 40 

 Item 6. Selected
Financial Data 

 The following selected financial data for the five
years ended December 31, 2012 are derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements (in thousands, except per share data): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Operating Data 

 Revenues (1) 

 $ 

 407,458 

 $ 

 445,564 

 $ 

 578,571 

 $ 

 1,330,060 

 $ 

 1,822,099 

 Expenses (1) 

 313,044 

 337,628 

 542,071 

 1,217,450 

 1,636,446 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes and income
 from unconsolidated entities 

 94,414 

 107,936 

 36,500 

 112,610 

 185,653 

 Income tax expense 

 (1,306) 

 (168) 

 (364) 

 (1,388) 

 (7,612) 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 - 

 - 

 6,673 

 5,772 

 2,482 

 Income from continuing operations 

 93,108 

 107,768 

 42,809 

 116,994 

 180,523 

 Income from discontinued operations, net (1) 

 190,317 

 85,159 

 86,075 

 95,722 

 114,317 

 Net income 

 283,425 

 192,927 

 128,884 

 212,716 

 294,840 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 23,201 

 22,079 

 21,645 

 60,502 

 69,129 

 Preferred stock redemption charge 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 6,242 

 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 126 

 (342) 

 357 

 (4,894) 

 (2,415) 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 260,098 

 $ 

 171,190 

 $ 

 106,882 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 221,884 

 Other Data 

 Average number of common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 93,732 

 114,207 

 127,656 

 173,741 

 224,343 

 Diluted 

 94,309 

 114,612 

 128,208 

 174,401 

 225,953 

 Per Share Data 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common
 stockholders 

 $ 

 0.74 

 $ 

 0.75 

 $ 

 0.16 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.48 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 2.03 

 0.75 

 0.67 

 0.55 

 0.51 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders * 

 $ 

 2.77 

 $ 

 1.50 

 $ 

 0.84 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.99 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations attributable to common
 stockholders 

 $ 

 0.74 

 $ 

 0.75 

 $ 

 0.16 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.48 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 2.02 

 0.74 

 0.67 

 0.55 

 0.51 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders * 

 $ 

 2.76 

 $ 

 1.49 

 $ 

 0.83 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.98 

 Cash distributions per common share 

 $ 

 2.70 

 $ 

 2.72 

 $ 

 2.74 

 $ 

 2.835 

 $ 

 2.960 

 * Amounts may not sum due to rounding 

 (1) We have reclassified
 the income and expenses attributable to properties sold prior to or held for
 sale at December 31, 2012, to discontinued operations for all periods
 presented. See Note 5 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

 December
 31, 

 Balance Sheet Data 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Net real estate investments 

 $ 

 5,854,179 

 $ 

 6,080,620 

 $ 

 8,590,833 

 $ 

 13,942,350 

 $ 

 17,423,009 

 Total assets 

 6,215,031 

 6,367,186 

 9,451,734 

 14,924,606 

 19,549,109 

 Total long-term obligations 

 2,847,676 

 2,414,022 

 4,469,736 

 7,240,752 

 8,531,899 

 Total liabilities 

 2,976,746 

 2,559,735 

 4,714,081 

 7,612,309 

 8,993,998 

 Total preferred stock 

 289,929 

 288,683 

 291,667 

 1,010,417 

 1,022,917 

 Total equity 

 3,238,285 

 3,807,451 

 4,733,100 

 7,278,647 

 10,520,519 

 41 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

 Company Overview 

 Business Strategy 

 Capital Market Outlook 

 Key Transactions in 2012 

 Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties 

 Corporate Governance 

 43 

 43 

 44 

 44 

 45 

 47 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

 Sources and Uses of Cash 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 Contractual Obligations 

 Capital Structure 

 47 

 48 

 48 

 49 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Summary 

 Seniors Housing Triple-net 

 Senior Housing Operating 

 Medical Facilities 

 Non-Segment/Corporate 

 51 

 52 

 54 

 56 

 58 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
 & OTHER 

 FFO Reconciliation 

 Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation 

 NOI Reconciliation 

 59 

 61 

 62 

 Health Care
 Industry 

 64 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 67 

 42 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following discussion and
analysis is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of Health
Care REIT, Inc. for the periods presented and should be read together with the
notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other
important factors are identified in “Item 1 — Business” and
“Item 1A — Risk Factors” above. 

 Executive
Summary 

 Company
Overview 

 Health
Care REIT, Inc. is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) that has been at the
forefront of seniors housing and health care real estate since the company was
founded in 1970. We are an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio. Our
portfolio spans the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real
estate, including seniors housing communities, skilled nursing/post-acute
facilities, medical office buildings, inpatient and outpatient medical centers
and life science facilities. Our capital programs, when combined with
comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a
single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing,
repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. 

 The
following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2012: 

 Investments 

 Percentage
 of 

 Number
 of 

 Type
 of Property 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Investments 

 Properties 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 8,154,650 

 46.8% 

 573 

 Seniors housing operating (1) 

 4,948,536 

 28.4% 

 154 

 Medical facilities (2) 

 4,319,823 

 24.8% 

 246 

 Totals 

 $ 

 17,423,009 

 100.0% 

 973 

 (1) Excludes 39 properties with an investment amount of
 $427,187,000 which relates to our share of investments in unconsolidated
 entities with Chartwell. Please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial
 statements for additional information. 

 (2) Excludes 13 properties with an investment amount of
 $375,780,000 which relates to our share of investments in unconsolidated
 entities with Forest City and a strategic medical partnership. Please see
 Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 Business Strategy 

 Our
primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder
value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create
opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of
annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these
objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health
care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, customer
and geographic location. 

 Substantially
all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees and
services, and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. These items
represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend
upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and
interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. To
the extent that our customers/partners experience operating difficulties and become
unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments to us, there could be a
material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity
and/or financial condition. To mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments
through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our proactive
and comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties generally
includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for
each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections,
and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes,
letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management
division actively manages and monitors the medical office building portfolio
with a comprehensive process including tenant relations, lease expirations, the
mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property
performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other
things. In monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database
to collect and analyze property-specific data. Additionally, we conduct
extensive research to ascertain industry trends. We evaluate the operating
environment in each property’s market to determine the likely trend in
operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends,
we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we
are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative
trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the
value of our investment. 

 In
addition to our asset management and research efforts, we also structure our
investments to help mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are
normally credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. In addition,
operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are
generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans,
operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012, rental income, resident fees and services and
interest and other income represented 61%, 37%, and 2% respectively, of total
revenues (including discontinued operations). Substantially all of our
operating leases are designed 

 43 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 with escalating rent
structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized
on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a
collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent
rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental
payments due for the period. Our yield on loans receivable depends upon a
number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal
amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate
adjustments. 

 Our
primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and
services, borrowings under our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement,
public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment
dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of
cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal
and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital
expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances,
property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses. Depending
upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is
sufficient to fund these uses of cash. 

 We
also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New
investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured
line of credit arrangement, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment
dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and
principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future
investments, which replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured line of
credit arrangement, has historically been provided through a combination of the
issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption
of secured debt. 

 Depending
upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in
the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate
returns to our stockholders. It is also possible that investment dispositions
may occur in the future. To the extent that investment dispositions exceed new
investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected.
We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new
investments. To the extent that new investment requirements exceed our
available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our primary unsecured line of
credit arrangement. At December 31, 2012, we had $1.0 billion of cash and cash
equivalents, $107.7 million of restricted cash and $2.0 billion of available
borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement. 
Please see Note 21 of our consolidated financial statements for information
regarding subsequent events that impact our liquidity. 

 Capital Market Outlook 

 The
capital markets remain supportive of our investment strategy. For the year
ended December 31, 2012, we raised over $6.0 billion in aggregate gross
proceeds through issuance of common and preferred stock, unsecured debt and a
Canadian denominated term loan. The capital raised, in combination with available
cash and borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured line of credit
arrangement, supported $4.9 billion in gross new investments for the year. We
expect attractive investment opportunities to remain available in the future as
we continue to leverage the benefits of our relationship investment strategy. 

 Key
Transactions in 2012 

 We completed
the following capital transactions during the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 · 
 issued 64.4 million
shares of common stock, generating $3.4 billion of proceeds in three public
issuances; 

 · 
 raised $120.4 million
in proceeds from issuance of 2.1 million shares of common stock under our DRIP; 

 · 
 issued 11.5 million
shares of 6.5% preferred stock, generating $287.5 million of proceeds, and
redeemed $275 million of 7.716% preferred stock; 

 · 
 issued $1.8 billion of
senior unsecured notes with average rates of 3.7% and average terms of 10.5
years; 

 · 
 funded $250 million
Canadian denominated unsecured term loan to help hedge our Chartwell
investment; 

 · 
 completed the
redemption/conversion of $293.7 million of 4.75% convertible senior unsecured
notes; and 

 · 
 extinguished $360 million
of secured debt bearing a weighted-average interest rate of 4.67%. 

 We completed $4.9 billion of gross
investments during the year, including 76% from existing relationships. The
following summarizes investments made during the year ended December 31, 2012 (dollars
in thousands): 

 44 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Properties 

 Investment
 Amount (1) 

 Capitalization
 Rates (2) 

 Book
 Amount (3) 

 Acquisitions/JVs: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 51 

 $ 

 1,068,123 

 7.3% 

 $ 

 1,071,438 

 Seniors housing operating 

 80 

 2,029,109 

 6.7% 

 1,840,524 

 Medical facilities 

 35 

 791,279 

 6.9% 

 837,705 

 Total acquisitions/JVs 

 166 

 3,888,511 

 7.0% 

 3,749,667 

 Construction in progress 

 314,514 

 314,514 

 Loan advances (4) 

 665,094 

 665,094 

 Total 

 $ 

 4,868,119 

 $ 

 4,729,275 

 (1) Represents stated purchase price including cash and any
 assumed debt but excludes fair value adjustments pursuant to U.S. GAAP. 

 (2) Represents annualized contractual or projected income to be
 received in cash divided by investment amounts. 

 (3) Represents amounts recorded on our books including fair
 value adjustments pursuant to U.S. GAAP. See Notes 3, 6 and 7 to our
 consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 (4) Includes $580,834,000 in advances under the Sunrise loan
 which was acquired upon merger consummation on January 9, 2013. See Note 21
 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 We completed $534 million
of dispositions during the year, generating $635 million in proceeds and $101
million in net gains. The following summarizes dispositions made during the
year ended December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Properties 

 Proceeds (1) 

 Capitalization
 Rates (2) 

 Book
 Amount (3) 

 Property sales: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 73 

 $ 

 489,216 

 8.5% 

 $ 

 372,378 

 Seniors housing operating 

 - 

 - 

 0.0% 

 - 

 Medical facilities 

 18 

 133,055 

 9.9% 

 149,344 

 Total property sales 

 91 

 622,271 

 8.8% 

 521,722 

 Loan payoffs 

 5 

 12,555 

 12,555 

 Total dispositions 

 96 

 $ 

 634,826 

 $ 

 534,277 

 (1) Represents proceeds received upon disposition including any
 seller financing. See Notes 5 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements
 for additional information. 

 (2) Represents annualized contractual income that was being
 received in cash at date of disposition divided by disposition proceeds. 

 (3) Represents carrying value of assets at time of disposition. 

 The following other events occurred during the year ended December 31, 2012 : 

 · 
 Our Board of Directors
increased the annual cash dividend to $3.06 per common share ($0.765 per share
quarterly), as compared to $2.96 per common share for 2012, beginning in
February 2013. The dividend declared for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 represents
the 167 th consecutive quarterly dividend payment. 

 · 
 We declassified our Board of
Directors in May. 

 Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties 

 We
utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of
our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating
performance, credit strength and concentration risk. Management uses these
key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to
our historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget
planning purposes. 

 Operating
Performance . We believe that net income attributable to common stockholders
(“NICS”) is the most appropriate earnings measure. Other useful supplemental
measures of our operating performance include funds from operations (“FFO”),
net operating income from continuing operations (“NOI”) and same store cash NOI
(“SSCNOI”); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). Please refer to the
section entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for further discussion and
reconciliations of FFO, NOI and SSCNOI. These earnings measures and their
relative per share amounts are widely used by investors and analysts in the
valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. The
following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating
performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 45 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 106,882 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 221,884 

 Funds from operations 

 280,022 

 524,902 

 697,557 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 500,784 

 952,321 

 1,251,982 

 Same store cash net operating income 

 322,691 

 331,999 

 334,077 

 Credit Strength. We measure our credit strength both in
terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. The leverage ratios indicate how
much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt. The
coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges
(interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends). We
expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to
maintain compliance with our debt covenants. The coverage ratios are based on adjusted
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”)
which is discussed in further detail, and reconciled to net income, below in
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely
used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison,
investment recommendations and rating of companies. The following table
reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the
periods presented: 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Debt to book capitalization ratio 

 49% 

 50% 

 45% 

 Debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio 

 45% 

 46% 

 41% 

 Debt to market capitalization ratio 

 38% 

 38% 

 33% 

 Adjusted interest coverage ratio 

 3.39x 

 3.02x 

 3.31x 

 Adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio 

 2.76x 

 2.37x 

 2.58x 

 Concentration Risk . We
evaluate our concentration risk in terms of asset mix, investment mix, customer
mix and geographic mix. Concentration risk is a valuable measure in
understanding what portion of our investments could be at risk if certain
sectors were to experience downturns. Asset mix measures the portion of our
investments that are real property. In order to qualify as an equity REIT, at
least 75% of our real estate investments must be real property whereby each
property, which includes the land, buildings, improvements, intangibles and
related rights, is owned by us. Investment mix measures the portion of our
investments that relate to our various property types. Customer mix measures
the portion of our investments that relate to our top five customers.
Geographic mix measures the portion of our investments that relate to our top
five states (or international equivalents). The following table reflects our
recent historical trends of concentration risk by investment balance for the
periods presented: 

 46 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Asset mix: 

 Real property 

 91% 

 95% 

 91% 

 Real estate loans receivable 

 5% 

 2% 

 5% 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities 

 4% 

 3% 

 4% 

 Investment mix: (1) 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 53% 

 54% 

 47% 

 Seniors housing operating 

 13% 

 20% 

 28% 

 Medical facilities 

 34% 

 26% 

 25% 

 Customer mix: (1) 

 Genesis HealthCare, LLC 

 18% 

 15% 

 Sunrise Senior Living Inc. 

 6% 

 Merrill Gardens L.L.C. 

 9% 

 8% 

 6% 

 Belmont Village, LP 

 5% 

 Benchmark Senior Living, LLC 

 6% 

 5% 

 Brandywine Senior Living, LLC 

 7% 

 5% 

 Senior Living Communities, LLC 

 7% 

 4% 

 Senior Star Living 

 5% 

 Brookdale Senior Living Inc. 

 4% 

 Remaining customers 

 68% 

 59% 

 63% 

 Geographic mix: (1) 

 California 

 10% 

 10% 

 9% 

 Texas 

 8% 

 7% 

 9% 

 New Jersey 

 10% 

 9% 

 Florida 

 11% 

 7% 

 7% 

 Pennsylvania 

 5% 

 Massachusetts 

 6% 

 Washington 

 6% 

 Ohio 

 6% 

 Remaining 

 59% 

 60% 

 61% 

 (1) Excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated
 entities. 

 We evaluate our key performance
indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical
trends are indicative of future results. Our expected results may not be
achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are
described in more detail in “Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors” and
other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management regularly
monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans
designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our
ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to
effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging
economic and company-specific trends. Please refer to “Business,” “Risk
Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further
discussion of these risk factors. 

 Corporate Governance 

 Maintaining
investor confidence and trust has become is important in today’s business
environment. Our Board of Directors and management are strongly committed to
policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business
practices. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our
business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value
while meeting all applicable legal requirements. These guidelines meet the
listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange and are available on the
Internet at www.hcreit.com. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Sources
and Uses of Cash 

 Our
primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and
services, borrowings under our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement,
public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment
dispositions and principal 

 47 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 payments on loans
receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt
service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments
(including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and
transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, and general and
administrative expenses. These sources and uses of cash are reflected in our
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and are discussed in further detail
below. The following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows
(dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December,
 31 

 December,
 31 

 December,
 31 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Beginning cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 35,476 

 $ 

 131,570 

 $ 

 96,094 

 271% 

 $ 

 163,482 

 $ 

 31,912 

 24% 

 $ 

 128,006 

 361% 

 Cash provided from (used in): 

 Operating activities 

 364,741 

 588,224 

 223,483 

 61% 

 818,133 

 229,909 

 39% 

 453,392 

 124% 

 Investing activities 

 (2,312,039) 

 (4,520,129) 

 (2,208,090) 

 96% 

 (3,592,979) 

 927,150 

 -21% 

 (1,280,940) 

 55% 

 Financing activities 

 2,043,392 

 3,963,817 

 1,920,425 

 94% 

 3,645,128 

 (318,689) 

 -8% 

 1,601,736 

 78% 

 Ending cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 131,570 

 $ 

 163,482 

 $ 

 31,912 

 24% 

 $ 

 1,033,764 

 $ 

 870,282 

 532% 

 $ 

 902,194 

 686% 

 Operating Activities . The
change in net cash provided from operating activities is primarily attributable
to increases in NOI which is primarily due to acquisitions. Please see
“Results of Operations” for further discussion. 

 Investing Activities . The changes in net cash used in
investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property
investments, real estate loans receivable and investments in unconsolidated
entities which are summarized above in “Key Transactions in 2012.” Please
refer to Notes 3, 6 and 7 of our consolidated financial statements for
additional information. 

 Financing Activities . The changes in net cash provided from
financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our
long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/redemptions of common and preferred
stock, and dividend payments which are summarized above in “Key Transactions in
2012.” Please refer to Notes 9, 10 and 13 of our consolidated financial
statements for additional information. 

 Subsequent Events . Subsequent to December 31, 2012, we
closed on a new unsecured line of credit arrangement and completed our
acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. Please refer to Note 21 of our
consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 At December
31, 2012, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership
ranging from 10% to 50%. Please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial
statements for additional information. We use financial derivative instruments
to hedge interest rate exposure. Please see Note 11 to our consolidated
financial statements for additional information. At December 31, 2012, we had nine
outstanding letter of credit obligations. Please see Note 12 to our
consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 Contractual Obligations 

 The
following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

 Payments
 Due by Period 

 Contractual Obligations 

 Total 

 2013 

 2014-2015 

 2016-2017 

 Thereafter 

 Unsecured line of credit arrangements 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 Senior unsecured notes (1) 

 6,145,457 

 300,000 

 501,054 

 1,150,000 

 4,194,403 

 Secured debt (1) 

 2,728,500 

 175,652 

 590,095 

 765,624 

 1,197,129 

 Contractual interest obligations 

 3,601,325 

 411,053 

 756,197 

 607,765 

 1,826,310 

 Capital lease obligations 

 85,853 

 73,562 

 10,203 

 1,118 

 970 

 Operating lease obligations 

 699,990 

 11,046 

 22,339 

 22,348 

 644,257 

 Purchase obligations 

 2,340,618 

 2,221,934 

 118,684 

 - 

 - 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 6,522 

 - 

 1,580 

 2,463 

 2,479 

 Total contractual obligations 

 $ 

 15,608,265 

 $ 

 3,193,247 

 $ 

 2,000,152 

 $ 

 2,549,318 

 $ 

 7,865,548 

 (1) Amounts represent principal amounts due and do not reflect
 unamortized premiums/discounts or other fair value adjustments as reflected
 on the balance sheet. 

 48 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 At
December 31, 2012, we had a $2,000,000,000 unsecured line of credit arrangement
that is described in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. At
December 31, 2012, we had no balance outstanding under the unsecured line of
credit arrangement. Please see Note 21 to our consolidated financial
statements for subsequent event information regarding our unsecured line of
credit arrangement. 

 We
have $6,145,457,000 of senior unsecured notes principal outstanding with fixed
annual interest rates ranging from 2.25% to 6.50%, payable semi-annually. A
total of $494,403,000 of our senior unsecured notes are convertible notes that
also contain put features. Please see Note 10 to our consolidated financial
statements for additional information. In addition, we have a $250,000,000
Canadian denominated unsecured term loan (approximately $251,054,000 USD at
exchange rates on December 31, 2012.) The loan matures on July 27, 2015 and
includes an option to extend for an additional year at our discretion. Total
contractual interest obligations on senior unsecured notes and the Canadian
term loan totaled $2,777,745,000 at December 31, 2012. 

 We
have consolidated secured debt with total outstanding principal of $2,311,586,000,
collateralized by owned properties, with annual interest rates ranging from 1.00%
to 10.00%, payable monthly. The carrying values of the properties securing the
debt totaled $3,953,516,000 at December 31, 2012. Total contractual interest
obligations on consolidated secured debt totaled $757,025,000 at December 31,
2012. Our share of non-recourse secured debt associated with unconsolidated entities
(as reflected in the contractual obligations table above) is $416,914,000 at December
31, 2012. Our share of contractual interest obligations on our unconsolidated entities’
secured debt is $66,555,000 at December 31, 2012. 

 At
December 31, 2012, we had operating lease obligations of $699,990,000 relating
primarily to ground leases at certain of our properties and office space leases
and capital lease obligations of $85,853,000 relating to certain lease
investment properties that contain bargain purchase options. 

 Purchase
obligations include $2,047,400,000 representing the cash portion of the Sunrise
merger and management business sale commitments discussed in Note 21 to our
audited financial statements. Purchase obligations also include unfunded
construction commitments and contingent purchase obligations. At December 31,
2012, we had outstanding construction financings of $162,984,000 for leased
properties and were committed to providing additional financing of
approximately $213,255,000 to complete construction. At December 31, 2012, we
had contingent purchase obligations totaling $79,963,000. These contingent
purchase obligations relate to unfunded capital improvement obligations and
contingent obligations on acquisitions. Upon funding, amounts due from the
tenant are increased to reflect the additional investment in the property. 

 Other
long-term liabilities relate to our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, which
is discussed in Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 

 Capital Structure 

 As
of December 31, 2012, we had total equity of $10,520,519,000 and a total debt
balance of $8,450,347,000, which represents a debt to total book capitalization
ratio of 45%. Our ratio of debt to market capitalization was 33% at December
31, 2012. For the year ended December 31, 2012, our adjusted interest coverage
ratio was 3.31x and our adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio was 2.58x. Also,
at December 31, 2012, we had $1,033,764,000 of cash and cash equivalents,
$107,657,000 of restricted cash and $2,000,000,000 of available borrowing
capacity under our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement. 

 Our
debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default.
Certain agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum
net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness,
create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of December 31, 2012, we
were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. Please
refer to the section entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for further
discussion. None of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration
which could be triggered by our debt ratings. However, under our primary unsecured
line of credit arrangement, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used
to determine the fees and interest charged. A summary of certain covenants and
our results as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 is as follows: 

 49 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Per
 Agreement 

 Covenant 

 Unsecured
 Line of Credit (1) 

 Senior
 Unsecured Notes 

 Actual
 At December 31, 2012 

 Total Indebtedness to Book Capitalization Ratio maximum: 

 60% 

 n/a 

 45% 

 Secured Indebtedness to Total Assets Ratio maximum: 

 30% 

 40% 

 12% 

 Total Indebtedness to Total Assets maximum: 

 n/a 

 60% 

 44% 

 Unsecured Debt to Unencumbered Assets maximum: 

 60% 

 n/a 

 38% 

 Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio minimum: 

 n/a 

 1.50x 

 3.31x 

 Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage minimum: 

 1.50x 

 n/a 

 2.58x 

 (1) Canadian denominated term loan covenants are the same as
 those contained in our primary unsecured line of credit agreement. 

 We plan to manage the company to
maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent
with our current profile. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any
or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost
and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact
on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial
condition. 

 On
May 4, 2012, we filed an open-ended automatic or “universal” shelf
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering an
indeterminate amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock,
preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants and units. As of January 31, 2013,
we had an effective registration statement on file in connection with our enhanced
dividend reinvestment plan under which we may issue up to 10,000,000 shares of
common stock. As of January 31, 2013, 3,752,914 shares of common stock remained
available for issuance under this registration statement. We have entered into
separate Equity Distribution Agreements with each of UBS Securities LLC, RBS
Securities Inc., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Credit Agricole Securities
(USA) Inc. relating to the offer and sale from time to time of up to
$630,015,000 aggregate amount of our common stock (“Equity Shelf Program”). As
of January 31, 2013, we had $457,112,000 of remaining capacity under the Equity
Shelf Program. Depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing
securities under our registration statements to invest in additional properties
and to repay borrowings under our unsecured line of credit arrangements. 

 50 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Results of Operations 

 Our
primary sources of revenue include rent, resident fees and services, and
interest income. Our primary expenses include interest expense, depreciation
and amortization, property operating expenses, transaction costs and general
and administrative expenses. These revenues and expenses are reflected in our
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and are discussed in further
detail below. The following is a summary of our results of operations (dollars
in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 Amount 

 % 

 2012 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 106,882 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 50,226 

 47% 

 $ 

 221,884 

 $ 

 64,776 

 41% 

 $ 

 115,002 

 108% 

 Funds from operations 

 280,022 

 524,902 

 244,880 

 87% 

 697,557 

 172,655 

 33% 

 417,535 

 149% 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 568,429 

 971,525 

 403,096 

 71% 

 1,264,091 

 292,566 

 30% 

 695,662 

 122% 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 500,784 

 952,321 

 451,537 

 90% 

 1,251,982 

 299,661 

 31% 

 751,198 

 150% 

 Same store cash NOI 

 322,691 

 331,999 

 9,308 

 3% 

 334,077 

 2,078 

 1% 

 11,386 

 4% 

 Per share data (fully diluted): 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.83 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.07 

 8% 

 $ 

 0.98 

 $ 

 0.08 

 9% 

 $ 

 0.15 

 18% 

 Funds from operations 

 2.18 

 3.01 

 0.83 

 38% 

 3.09 

 0.08 

 3% 

 0.91 

 42% 

 Adjusted interest coverage ratio 

 3.39x 

 3.02x 

 -0.37x 

 -11% 

 3.31x 

 0.29x 

 10% 

 -0.08x 

 -2% 

 Adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio 

 2.76x 

 2.37x 

 -0.39x 

 -14% 

 2.58x 

 0.21x 

 9% 

 -0.18x 

 -7% 

 The following table represents the changes in
outstanding common stock for the period from January 1, 2010 to December 31,
2012 (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2010 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2012 

 Totals 

 Beginning balance 

 123,385 

 147,097 

 192,275 

 123,385 

 Public offerings 

 20,700 

 41,400 

 64,400 

 126,500 

 DRIP issuances 

 1,957 

 2,534 

 2,136 

 6,627 

 ESP issuances 

 431 

 849 

 - 

 1,280 

 Senior note conversions 

 - 

 - 

 1,040 

 1,040 

 Preferred stock conversions 

 339 

 - 

 - 

 339 

 Option exercises 

 129 

 232 

 341 

 702 

 Other, net 

 156 

 163 

 182 

 501 

 Ending balance 

 147,097 

 192,275 

 260,374 

 260,374 

 Average number of shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 127,656 

 173,741 

 224,343 

 Diluted 

 128,208 

 174,401 

 225,953 

 We evaluate our business and make
resource allocations on our three business segments: seniors housing
triple-net, seniors housing operating and medical facilities. The primary
performance measures for our properties are NOI and SSCNOI, which are discussed
below. Please see Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information. 

 51 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Seniors Housing Triple-net 

 The following is a summary of our NOI for the seniors
housing triple-net segment (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 SSCNOI (1) 

 $ 

 217,230 

 $ 

 224,497 

 $ 

 7,267 

 3% 

 $ 

 226,481 

 $ 

 1,984 

 1% 

 $ 

 9,251 

 4% 

 Non-cash NOI attributable to same store properties (1) 

 7,591 

 6,254 

 (1,337) 

 -18% 

 4,688 

 (1,566) 

 -25% 

 (2,903) 

 -38% 

 NOI attributable to non same store properties (2) 

 98,246 

 356,888 

 258,642 

 263% 

 488,430 

 131,542 

 37% 

 390,184 

 397% 

 NOI 

 $ 

 323,067 

 $ 

 587,639 

 $ 

 264,572 

 82% 

 $ 

 719,599 

 $ 

 131,960 

 22% 

 $ 

 396,532 

 123% 

 (1) Due to increases in cash and non-cash revenues (described
 below) related to 235 same store properties. 

 (2) Primarily due to acquisitions of properties, which totaled
 46, 184 and 51 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012,
 respectively, and conversions of construction projects into
 revenue-generating properties, which totaled nine, seven and 11 for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively. 

 The following is a summary
of our results of operations for the seniors housing triple-net segment
(dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 283,505 

 $ 

 546,951 

 $ 

 263,446 

 93% 

 $ 

 692,807 

 $ 

 145,856 

 27% 

 $ 

 409,302 

 144% 

 Interest income 

 36,176 

 34,068 

 (2,108) 

 -6% 

 24,380 

 (9,688) 

 -28% 

 (11,796) 

 -33% 

 Other income 

 3,386 

 6,620 

 3,234 

 96% 

 2,412 

 (4,208) 

 -64% 

 (974) 

 -29% 

 Net operating income from continuing operations (NOI) 

 323,067 

 587,639 

 264,572 

 82% 

 719,599 

 131,960 

 22% 

 396,532 

 123% 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 (4,524) 

 238 

 4,762 

 n/a 

 4,601 

 4,363 

 1833% 

 9,125 

 -202% 

 Loss (gain) on derivatives, net 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 n/a 

 96 

 96 

 n/a 

 96 

 n/a 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 81,718 

 158,882 

 77,164 

 94% 

 203,987 

 45,105 

 28% 

 122,269 

 150% 

 Transaction costs 

 20,612 

 27,993 

 7,381 

 36% 

 35,705 

 7,712 

 28% 

 15,093 

 73% 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 7,791 

 - 

 (7,791) 

 -100% 

 2,405 

 2,405 

 n/a 

 (5,386) 

 -69% 

 Provision for loan losses 

 29,684 

 - 

 (29,684) 

 -100% 

 27,008 

 27,008 

 n/a 

 (2,676) 

 -9% 

 135,281 

 187,113 

 51,832 

 38% 

 273,802 

 86,689 

 46% 

 138,521 

 102% 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes and income
 (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 187,786 

 400,526 

 212,740 

 113% 

 445,797 

 45,271 

 11% 

 258,011 

 137% 

 Income tax expense 

 - 

 (143) 

 (143) 

 n/a 

 (2,852) 

 (2,709) 

 1894% 

 (2,852) 

 n/a 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 

 - 

 (9) 

 (9) 

 n/a 

 (33) 

 (24) 

 267% 

 (33) 

 n/a 

 Income from continuing operations 

 187,786 

 400,374 

 212,588 

 113% 

 442,912 

 42,538 

 11% 

 255,126 

 136% 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Gain (loss) on sales of properties, net 

 36,274 

 59,108 

 22,834 

 63% 

 116,838 

 57,730 

 98% 

 80,564 

 222% 

 Impairment of assets 

 - 

 (1,103) 

 (1,103) 

 n/a 

 (14,699) 

 (13,596) 

 1233% 

 (14,699) 

 n/a 

 Income from discontinued operations, net 

 50,269 

 40,869 

 (9,400) 

 -19% 

 36,040 

 (4,829) 

 -12% 

 (14,229) 

 -28% 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 86,543 

 98,874 

 12,331 

 14% 

 138,179 

 39,305 

 40% 

 51,636 

 60% 

 Net income 

 274,329 

 499,248 

 224,919 

 82% 

 581,091 

 81,843 

 16% 

 306,762 

 112% 

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (18) 

 218 

 236 

 n/a 

 429 

 211 

 97% 

 447 

 -2483% 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 274,347 

 $ 

 499,030 

 $ 

 224,683 

 82% 

 $ 

 580,662 

 $ 

 81,632 

 16% 

 $ 

 306,315 

 112% 

 52 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions
of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed seniors housing
triple-net properties from which we receive rent. Certain of our leases contain
annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price
Index and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant’s
properties. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is
recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash
rental payments due for the period. If gross operating revenues at our facilities
and/or the Consumer Price Index do not increase, a portion of our revenues may
not continue to increase. Sales of real property would offset revenue
increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could result in
decreased revenues. Our leases could renew above or below current rent rates,
resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. For the three months
ended December 31, 2012, we had no lease renewals but we had 12 leases with
rental rate increasers ranging from 0.16% to 0.30% in our seniors housing triple-net
portfolio. The decrease in interest income is attributable to loan payoffs
(see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information). 

 Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 represents $13,572,000, $15,306,000 and $15,111,000, respectively, of
secured debt interest expense offset by interest allocated to discontinued
operations. The change in secured debt interest expense is due to the net
effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. 
The following is a summary of our seniors housing triple-net property secured
debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2010 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2012 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 298,492 

 5.998% 

 $ 

 172,862 

 5.265% 

 $ 

 259,000 

 5.105% 

 Debt transferred 

 (131,214) 

 6.100% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 Debt issued 

 81,977 

 4.600% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 9,387 

 4.080% 

 Debt assumed 

 78,794 

 5.867% 

 90,120 

 4.819% 

 83,002 

 5.304% 

 Debt extinguished 

 (150,982) 

 5.924% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 (128,818) 

 4.743% 

 Principal payments 

 (4,205) 

 4.388% 

 (3,982) 

 5.556% 

 (3,830) 

 5.556% 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 172,862 

 5.265% 

 $ 

 259,000 

 5.105% 

 $ 

 218,741 

 5.393% 

 Monthly averages 

 $ 

 242,123 

 5.663% 

 $ 

 234,392 

 5.141% 

 $ 

 216,314 

 5.254% 

 In connection
with secured debt extinguishments, we recognized losses of $7,791,000 and
$2,405,000 during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2012, respectively. 

 Depreciation and
amortization increased primarily as a result of new property acquisitions and the
conversions of newly constructed investment properties. To the extent that we
acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for
depreciation and amortization will change accordingly. 

 Transaction costs represent costs incurred with property
acquisitions (including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation
services, and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the
fair value of the assets acquired), lease termination fees and other similar
costs. 

 Changes in gains
on sales of properties are related to property sales which totaled 31, 39 and
73 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively. We
recognized impairment losses on certain held-for-sale facilities as the fair
value less estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values. The following
illustrates the reclassification impact as a result of classifying the
properties sold prior to or held for sale at December 31, 2012 as discontinued
operations for the periods presented. Please refer to Note 5 to our
consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 99,398 

 $ 

 75,367 

 $ 

 55,274 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 19,635 

 15,058 

 8,971 

 Provision for depreciation 

 29,494 

 19,439 

 10,263 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

 $ 

 50,269 

 $ 

 40,869 

 $ 

 36,040 

 53 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 During the year ended December 31, 2010, we
recorded $29,684,000 of provision for loan losses, which is primarily
attributable to the write-off of loans related to certain early stage seniors
housing and CCRC development projects. We did not record any provision for
loan loss or have any loan write-offs for seniors housing triple-net investments
during the year ended December 31, 2011. During the year ended December 31,
2012, we wrote off loans totaling $27,008,000, which is attributable to the
write-off of one loan at an entrance fee community. The provision for loan
losses is related to our critical accounting estimate for the allowance for
loan losses and is discussed in “Critical Accounting Policies” and Note 6 to
our consolidated financial statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2012 a portion of our seniors housing triple-net
properties were formed through partnership interests. Net income attributable
to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2012 represents our
partners’ share of net income (loss) relating to those properties. In
connection with a seniors housing triple-net partnership, we also acquired a
minority interest in a separate unconsolidated entity. This investment is
reflected as an investment in unconsolidated entities on our consolidated
balance sheet. Accordingly, our proportionate share of net income (loss) is
reflected as income (loss) from unconsolidated entities on our consolidated
income statement. 

 Seniors Housing Operating 

 As discussed in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements,
we completed additional acquisitions within our seniors housing operating
segment during the year ended December 31, 2012. The results of operations for
these properties have been included in our consolidated results of operations
from the dates of acquisition. The seniors housing operating acquisitions were
structured under RIDEA, which is discussed in Note 18 to our consolidated
financial statements. When considering new acquisitions utilizing the RIDEA
structure, we look for opportunities with best-in-class operators with a strong
seasoned leadership team, high-quality real estate in attractive markets,
growth potential above the standard rent escalators in our triple-net lease
seniors housing portfolio, and alignment of economic interests with our
operating partner. Our seniors housing operating properties offer us the
opportunity for external growth because we have the right to fund future
seniors housing investment opportunities sourced by our operating partners.
There were no seniors housing operating segment investments prior to September
1, 2010. As such, the increases in NOI are almost entirely attributable to
property acquisitions which totaled 32, 58, and 80 for the years ended December
31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively. The following is a summary of our
seniors housing operating results of operations (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Resident fees and services 

 $ 

 51,006 

 $ 

 456,085 

 $ 

 405,079 

 794% 

 $ 

 697,494 

 $ 

 241,409 

 53% 

 $ 

 646,488 

 1267% 

 Interest income 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 n/a 

 6,208 

 6,208 

 n/a 

 6,208 

 n/a 

 51,006 

 456,085 

 405,079 

 794% 

 703,702 

 247,617 

 54% 

 652,696 

 1280% 

 Property operating expenses 

 32,621 

 314,142 

 281,521 

 863% 

 471,678 

 157,536 

 50% 

 439,057 

 1346% 

 Net operating income from continuing operations (NOI) 

 18,385 

 141,943 

 123,558 

 672% 

 232,024 

 90,081 

 63% 

 213,639 

 1162% 

 Other expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 7,794 

 46,342 

 38,548 

 495% 

 67,524 

 21,182 

 46% 

 59,730 

 766% 

 Loss (gain) on derivatives, net 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 n/a 

 (1,921) 

 (1,921) 

 n/a 

 (1,921) 

 n/a 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 15,504 

 138,192 

 122,688 

 791% 

 165,798 

 27,606 

 20% 

 150,294 

 969% 

 Transaction costs 

 20,936 

 36,328 

 15,392 

 74% 

 12,756 

 (23,572) 

 -65% 

 (8,180) 

 -39% 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 - 

 (979) 

 (979) 

 n/a 

 (2,697) 

 (1,718) 

 175% 

 (2,697) 

 n/a 

 44,234 

 219,883 

 175,649 

 397% 

 241,460 

 21,577 

 10% 

 197,226 

 446% 

 Income from continuing operations before income from
 unconsolidated entities 

 (25,849) 

 (77,940) 

 (52,091) 

 202% 

 (9,436) 

 68,504 

 -88% 

 16,413 

 -63% 

 Income tax expense 

 (229) 

 - 

 229 

 n/a 

 (1,086) 

 (1,086) 

 n/a 

 (857) 

 374% 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 - 

 (1,531) 

 (1,531) 

 n/a 

 (6,364) 

 (4,833) 

 316% 

 (6,364) 

 n/a 

 Net income (loss) 

 (26,078) 

 (79,471) 

 (53,393) 

 205% 

 (16,886) 

 62,585 

 -79% 

 9,192 

 -35% 

 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (1,656) 

 (6,006) 

 (4,350) 

 263% 

 (3,015) 

 2,991 

 -50% 

 (1,359) 

 82% 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 (24,422) 

 $ 

 (73,465) 

 $ 

 (49,043) 

 201% 

 (13,871) 

 59,594 

 -81% 

 10,551 

 -43% 

 54 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Fluctuations in revenues and property operating expenses are
primarily a result of acquisitions subsequent to September 30, 2010. Interest
income relates to the Sunrise loan funded during the three months ended December 31, 2012 (please see Note 6 to
our consolidated financial statements for additional information). The
fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions offset by
variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. To the extent that
we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts
will change accordingly. Loss from unconsolidated entities during the year ended December 31, 2012 is
primarily attributable to depreciation and amortization of short-lived
intangible assets related to our joint venture with Chartwell described in Note
7 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Interest expense represents secured debt interest expense as well as interest
expense related to our unsecured Canadian term loan discussed further in Note
10 of our audited consolidated financial statements. The
following is a summary of our seniors housing operating property secured debt
principal activity, which excludes the Canadian term loan (dollars in
thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2010 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2012 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 - 

 0.000% 

 $ 

 487,706 

 5.939% 

 $ 

 1,318,599 

 4.665% 

 Debt transferred 

 131,214 

 6.100% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 Debt issued 

 75,179 

 6.386% 

 114,903 

 5.779% 

 148,031 

 4.220% 

 Debt assumed 

 318,125 

 5.855% 

 780,955 

 4.269% 

 115,371 

 5.512% 

 Debt extinguished 

 (35,017) 

 6.723% 

 (55,317) 

 5.949% 

 (193,962) 

 4.395% 

 Foreign currency 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 187 

 5.624% 

 Principal payments 

 (1,795) 

 6.165% 

 (9,648) 

 5.474% 

 (18,700) 

 4.850% 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 487,706 

 5.939% 

 $ 

 1,318,599 

 4.665% 

 $ 

 1,369,526 

 4.874% 

 Monthly averages 

 $ 

 350,259 

 5.957% 

 $ 

 969,265 

 5.679% 

 $ 

 1,366,758 

 4.866% 

 In connection with secured
debt extinguishments, we recognized gains of $979,000 and $2,697,000 during the
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2012, respectively. In addition, during the year ended December
31, 2012 , we recognized a
net realized gain on derivatives of $1,921,000 associated with our Chartwell
transaction discussed in Note 7 to our audited consolidated financial
statements. 

 Transaction
costs were incurred in connection with acquisitions that occurred during the
relevant periods. Transaction costs generally include due diligence costs and
fees for legal and valuation services, charges associated with the termination
of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets
acquired and lease termination fees. The decline in transaction costs from 2011
to 2012 is primarily attributable to termination of pre-existing relationships
incurred during 2011. The majority of our seniors housing operating properties
are formed through partnership interests. Net income attributable to
noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2012 represents our
partners’ share of net income (loss) related to those properties. 

 55 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Medical Facilities 

 The following is a summary of our NOI for the medical
facilities segment (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 SSCNOI (1) 

 $ 

 105,461 

 $ 

 107,502 

 $ 

 2,041 

 2% 

 $ 

 107,596 

 $ 

 94 

 0% 

 $ 

 2,135 

 2% 

 Non-cash NOI attributable to same store properties (1) 

 5,862 

 4,426 

 (1,436) 

 -24% 

 2,909 

 (1,517) 

 -34% 

 (2,953) 

 -50% 

 NOI attributable to non same store properties (2) 

 45,135 

 110,121 

 64,986 

 144% 

 188,942 

 78,821 

 72% 

 143,807 

 319% 

 NOI 

 $ 

 156,458 

 $ 

 222,049 

 $ 

 65,591 

 42% 

 $ 

 299,447 

 $ 

 77,398 

 35% 

 $ 

 142,989 

 91% 

 (1) Due to increases in cash and non-cash revenues (described
 below) related to 95 same store properties. 

 (2) Primarily due to acquisitions of properties, which totaled
 36, 35 and 34 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012,
 respectively, and conversions of construction projects into
 revenue-generating properties, which totaled four, seven and five for the
 years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively. 

 The following is a summary of our results of
operations for the medical facilities segment (dollars in thousands): 

 Year Ended 

 One Year Change 

 Year Ended 

 One Year Change 

 Two Year Change 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 195,960 

 $ 

 274,659 

 $ 

 78,699 

 40% 

 $ 

 387,462 

 $ 

 112,803 

 41% 

 $ 

 191,502 

 98% 

 Interest income 

 4,679 

 7,002 

 2,323 

 50% 

 8,477 

 1,475 

 21% 

 3,798 

 81% 

 Other income 

 985 

 3,985 

 3,000 

 305% 

 1,947 

 (2,038) 

 -51% 

 962 

 98% 

 201,624 

 285,646 

 84,022 

 42% 

 397,886 

 112,240 

 39% 

 196,262 

 97% 

 Property operating expenses 

 45,166 

 63,597 

 18,431 

 41% 

 98,439 

 34,842 

 55% 

 53,273 

 118% 

 Net operating income from continuing
 operations (NOI) 

 156,458 

 222,049 

 65,591 

 42% 

 299,447 

 77,398 

 35% 

 142,989 

 91% 

 Other expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 17,579 

 21,909 

 4,330 

 25% 

 31,540 

 9,631 

 44% 

 13,961 

 79% 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 67,943 

 96,808 

 28,865 

 42% 

 146,103 

 49,295 

 51% 

 78,160 

 115% 

 Transaction costs 

 5,112 

 5,903 

 791 

 15% 

 13,148 

 7,245 

 123% 

 8,036 

 157% 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 1,308 

 - 

 (1,308) 

 -100% 

 (483) 

 (483) 

 n/a 

 (1,791) 

 n/a 

 Provision for loan losses 

 - 

 2,010 

 2,010 

 n/a 

 - 

 (2,010) 

 n/a 

 - 

 n/a 

 91,942 

 126,630 

 34,688 

 38% 

 190,308 

 63,678 

 50% 

 98,366 

 107% 

 Income from continuing operations before
 income taxes and income from unconsolidated entities 

 64,516 

 95,419 

 30,903 

 48% 

 109,139 

 13,720 

 14% 

 44,623 

 69% 

 Income tax expense 

 (77) 

 (361) 

 (284) 

 369% 

 (2,381) 

 (2,020) 

 560% 

 (2,304) 

 2992% 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 6,673 

 7,312 

 639 

 10% 

 8,879 

 1,567 

 21% 

 2,206 

 33% 

 Income from continuing operations 

 71,112 

 102,370 

 31,258 

 44% 

 115,637 

 13,267 

 13% 

 44,525 

 63% 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Gain (loss) on sales of properties, net 

 (159) 

 2,052 

 2,211 

 n/a 

 (16,289) 

 (18,341) 

 -894% 

 (16,130) 

 10145% 

 Impairment of assets 

 (947) 

 (11,091) 

 (10,144) 

 1071% 

 (14,588) 

 (3,497) 

 32% 

 (13,641) 

 1440% 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
 net 

 638 

 5,887 

 5,249 

 823% 

 7,015 

 1,128 

 19% 

 6,377 

 1000% 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 (468) 

 (3,152) 

 (2,684) 

 574% 

 (23,862) 

 (20,710) 

 657% 

 (23,394) 

 4999% 

 Net income (loss) 

 70,644 

 99,218 

 28,574 

 40% 

 91,775 

 (7,443) 

 -8% 

 21,131 

 30% 

 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to
 noncontrolling interests 

 2,031 

 894 

 (1,137) 

 -56% 

 171 

 (723) 

 -81% 

 (1,860) 

 -92% 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common
 stockholders 

 $ 

 68,613 

 $ 

 98,324 

 $ 

 29,711 

 43% 

 $ 

 91,604 

 $ 

 (6,720) 

 -7% 

 $ 

 22,991 

 34% 

 56 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The increase in rental income is primarily
attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the construction
conversions of medical facilities from which we receive rent. Certain of our
leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the
Consumer Price Index. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent
is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash
rental payments due for the period. If the Consumer Price Index does not
increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Sales of
real property would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they
exceed new acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues. Our leases could
renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease
in rental income. For the three months ended December 31, 2012, our
consolidated medical office building portfolio signed 50,323 square feet of new
leases and 172,647 square feet of renewals. The weighted-average term of
these leases was five years, with a rate of $20.55 per square foot and tenant
improvement and lease commission costs of $8.77 per square foot. Substantially
all of these leases during the referenced quarter contain an annual fixed or
contingent escalation rent structure ranging from the change in CPI to
3%. For the three months ended December 31, 2012, we had no lease
renewals but we had one lease with a rental rate increaser of 2.0% in our
hospital portfolio. Interest income increased from the prior period primarily
due to an increase in outstanding balances for medical facility real estate loans. 

 Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010
represents $38,786,000, $31,477,000, and $24,926,000, respectively, of secured
debt interest expense offset by interest allocated to discontinued operations. 
The change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect
and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The
following is a summary of our medical facilities secured debt principal
activity (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2010 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2012 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 314,065 

 5.677% 

 $ 

 463,477 

 5.286% 

 $ 

 520,066 

 5.981% 

 Debt assumed 

 167,737 

 6.637% 

 69,779 

 5.921% 

 246,371 

 5.888% 

 Debt extinguished 

 (8,494) 

 6.045% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 (37,622) 

 5.858% 

 Principal payments 

 (9,831) 

 6.279% 

 (13,190) 

 6.208% 

 (15,095) 

 6.180% 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 463,477 

 5.286% 

 $ 

 520,066 

 5.981% 

 $ 

 713,720 

 5.950% 

 Monthly averages 

 $ 

 458,196 

 5.961% 

 $ 

 489,923 

 6.179% 

 $ 

 669,753 

 5.952% 

 In connection with secured debt extinguishments, we recognized a
loss of $1,308,000 and a gain of $483,000 during the years ended December 31,
2010 and 2012, respectively. 

 The increase in property operating expenses and depreciation and
amortization is primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions
of new medical facilities for which we incur certain property operating
expenses offset by property operating expenses associated with discontinued
operations. 

 Transaction costs for the year ended December 31, 2012 represent
costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of new properties. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded $2,010,000 of
provision for loan losses, which is primarily attributable to the write-off of
a hospital loan. 

 Income from unconsolidated entities includes our share of net
income related to our joint venture investment with Forest City Enterprises and
certain unconsolidated property investments related to our strategic joint
venture relationship with a national medical office building company. See Note
7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 Changes in gains/losses on sales of properties is related
to property sales which totaled seven, three and 20 for the years ended
December 31, 2010, 2011, and 2012, respectively. We recognized impairment
losses on certain held for sale facilities as the fair value less estimated
costs to sell exceeded our carrying values. The following illustrates the
reclassification impact as a result of classifying the properties sold prior to
or held for sale at December 31, 2012 as discontinued operations for the
periods presented. Please refer to Note 5 to our consolidated financial
statements for further discussion. 

 57 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 24,547 

 $ 

 31,870 

 $ 

 24,049 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 7,347 

 9,568 

 7,246 

 Property operating expenses 

 8,678 

 6,131 

 2,354 

 Provision for depreciation 

 7,884 

 10,284 

 7,434 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

 $ 

 638 

 $ 

 5,887 

 $ 

 7,015 

 Net income attributable to
non-controlling interests primarily relates to certain properties that are
consolidated in our operating results but where we have less than a 100%
ownership interest. 

 Non-Segment/Corporate 

 The following is a summary of
our results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in
thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Other income 

 $ 

 2,874 

 $ 

 690 

 $ 

 (2,184) 

 -76% 

 $ 

 912 

 $ 

 222 

 32% 

 $ 

 (1,962) 

 -68% 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 113,129 

 228,884 

 115,755 

 102% 

 263,418 

 34,534 

 15% 

 150,289 

 133% 

 General and administrative 

 54,626 

 77,201 

 22,575 

 41% 

 97,341 

 20,140 

 26% 

 42,715 

 78% 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishments of debt, net 

 25,072 

 - 

 (25,072) 

 -100% 

 - 

 - 

 n/a 

 (25,072) 

 -100% 

 192,827 

 306,085 

 113,258 

 59% 

 360,759 

 54,674 

 18% 

 167,932 

 87% 

 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

 (189,953) 

 (305,395) 

 (115,442) 

 61% 

 (359,847) 

 (54,452) 

 18% 

 (169,894) 

 89% 

 Income tax expense (benefit) 

 (58) 

 (884) 

 (826) 

 1424% 

 (1,293) 

 (409) 

 46% 

 (1,235) 

 2129% 

 Net loss 

 (190,011) 

 (306,279) 

 (116,268) 

 61% 

 (361,140) 

 (54,861) 

 18% 

 (171,129) 

 90% 

 Preferred stock dividends 

 21,645 

 60,502 

 38,857 

 180% 

 69,129 

 8,627 

 14% 

 47,484 

 219% 

 Preferred stock redemption charge 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 n/a 

 6,242 

 6,242 

 n/a 

 6,242 

 n/a 

 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 (211,656) 

 $ 

 (366,781) 

 $ 

 (155,125) 

 73% 

 $ 

 (436,511) 

 $ 

 (69,730) 

 19% 

 $ 

 (224,855) 

 106% 

 Other income primarily represents
income from non-real estate activities such as interest earned on temporary
investments of cash reserves. 

 The
following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate interest expense (dollars
in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Year
 Ended 

 One
 Year Change 

 Two
 Year Change 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2010 

 2011 

 $ 

 % 

 2012 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 $ 

 122,492 

 $ 

 222,559 

 $ 

 100,067 

 82% 

 $ 

 249,564 

 $ 

 27,005 

 12% 

 $ 

 127,072 

 104% 

 Secured debt 

 645 

 604 

 (41) 

 -6% 

 557 

 (47) 

 -8% 

 (88) 

 -14% 

 Unsecured lines of credit 

 3,974 

 7,917 

 3,943 

 99% 

 11,769 

 3,852 

 49% 

 7,795 

 196% 

 Capitalized interest 

 (20,792) 

 (13,164) 

 7,628 

 -37% 

 (9,777) 

 3,387 

 -26% 

 11,015 

 -53% 

 Interest SWAP savings 

 (161) 

 (161) 

 - 

 0% 

 (96) 

 65 

 -40% 

 65 

 -40% 

 Loan expense 

 6,971 

 11,129 

 4,158 

 60% 

 11,401 

 272 

 2% 

 4,430 

 64% 

 Totals 

 $ 

 113,129 

 $ 

 228,884 

 $ 

 115,755 

 102% 

 $ 

 263,418 

 $ 

 34,534 

 15% 

 $ 

 150,289 

 133% 

 58 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The change in interest expense on senior
unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments. Please
refer to Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements for additional
information. We capitalize certain interest costs associated with funds used for
the construction of properties owned directly by us. The amount capitalized is
based upon the balances outstanding during the construction period using the
rate of interest that approximates our cost of financing. Our interest expense
is reduced by the amount capitalized. Please see Note 11 to our consolidated
financial statements for a discussion of our interest rate swap agreements and
their impact on interest expense. Loan expense represents the amortization of
deferred loan costs incurred in connection with the issuance and amendments of
debt. Loan expense changes are due to amortization of charges for costs
incurred for senior unsecured note issuance. The change in interest expense on
the unsecured line of credit arrangements is due primarily to the net effect
and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes. Please refer
to Note 9 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information
regarding our unsecured line of credit arrangements. 

 General and administrative expenses
as a percentage of consolidated revenues (including revenues from discontinued
operations) for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 were 5.12%, 5.37%
and 7.78%, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses
is primarily related to costs associated with our initiatives to attract and
retain appropriate personnel to achieve our business objectives. The decline
in percent of revenue is primarily related to the increasing revenue base as a
result of our acquisitions. 

 The
changes in preferred stock dividends and redemption charge are primarily
attributable to the net effect of issuances, redemptions and conversions. 
Please see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information. 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 We
believe that net income, as defined by U.S. GAAP, is the most appropriate
earnings measurement. However, we consider FFO to be a useful supplemental
measure of our operating performance. Historical cost accounting for real
estate assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of
real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the
provision for depreciation. However, since real estate values have historically
risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts
have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies
that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. In response, the
National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) created FFO as
a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes
historical cost depreciation from net income. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, means
net income, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains (or losses)
from sales of real estate and impairment of depreciable assets, plus
depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated
entities. 

 Net
operating income from continuing operations (“NOI”) is used to evaluate the
operating performance of our properties. We define NOI as total revenues,
including tenant reimbursements, less property level operating expenses, which
exclude depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses,
impairments and interest expense. Property operating expenses represent costs
associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our seniors
housing operating and medical facility properties. These expenses include, but
are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management
fees, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property
taxes and insurance. General and administrative expenses represent costs
unrelated to property operations or transaction costs. These expenses include,
but are not limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office
expenses and depreciation of corporate fixed assets. Same store cash NOI
(“SSCNOI”) is used to evaluate the cash-based operating performance of our
properties under a consistent population which eliminates changes in the
composition of our portfolio. As used herein, same store is generally defined
as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the full three year
reporting period. Any properties acquired, developed, transitioned or classified
in discontinued operations during that period are excluded from the same store
amounts. We believe NOI and SSCNOI provide investors relevant and useful
information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at
the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSCNOI to make
decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level
performance of our properties. 

 EBITDA
stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We
believe that EBITDA, along with net income and cash flow provided from
operating activities, is an important supplemental measure because it provides
additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our
operations. We primarily utilize EBITDA to measure our interest coverage ratio,
which represents EBITDA divided by total interest, and our fixed charge
coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by fixed charges. Fixed charges
include total interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred
dividends. 

 A covenant
in our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement and Canadian denominated
term loan contains a financial ratio based on a definition of EBITDA that is
specific to that agreement. Failure to satisfy these covenants could result in
an event of default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and
availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on
our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.
Due to the materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we
have disclosed Adjusted EBITDA, which represents EBITDA as defined above and
adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, provision for loan losses and
gain/loss on extinguishment of debt. We use Adjusted EBITDA to measure our
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents Adjusted EBITDA divided
by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months 

 59 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 basis.
Fixed charges include total interest (excluding capitalized interest and
non-cash interest expenses), secured debt principal amortization and preferred
dividends. Our covenant requires an adjusted fixed charge ratio of at least
1.50 times. 

 Other
than Adjusted EBITDA, our supplemental reporting measures and similarly
entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt
analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and
investment recommendations of companies. Management uses these financial
measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical
operating results and in making operating decisions. Additionally, these
measures are utilized by the Board of Directors to evaluate management.
Adjusted EBITDA is used solely to determine our compliance with a financial
covenant in our primary line of credit arrangement and Canadian denominated
term loan and is not being presented for use by investors for any other
purpose. None of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow
provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP
and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or
liquidity. Finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be
comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other real estate investment
trusts or other companies. 

 The table below reflects the
reconciliation of FFO to net income attributable to common stockholders, the
most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. The
provisions for depreciation and amortization include provisions for
depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations. Noncontrolling
interest amounts represent the noncontrolling interests’ share of transaction
costs and depreciation and amortization. Unconsolidated entity amounts represent
our share of unconsolidated entities’ depreciation and amortization. Amounts
are in thousands except for per share data. 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 FFO Reconciliation: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 106,882 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 221,884 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 202,543 

 423,605 

 533,585 

 Impairment of assets 

 947 

 12,194 

 29,287 

 Loss (gain) on sales of properties 

 (36,115) 

 (61,160) 

 (100,549) 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (2,749) 

 (18,557) 

 (21,058) 

 Unconsolidated entities 

 8,514 

 11,712 

 34,408 

 Funds from operations 

 $ 

 280,022 

 $ 

 524,902 

 $ 

 697,557 

 Average common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 127,656 

 173,741 

 224,343 

 Diluted 

 128,208 

 174,401 

 225,953 

 Per share data: 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 Basic 

 $ 

 0.84 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.99 

 Diluted 

 0.83 

 0.90 

 0.98 

 Funds from operations 

 Basic 

 $ 

 2.19 

 $ 

 3.02 

 $ 

 3.11 

 Diluted 

 2.18 

 3.01 

 3.09 

 60 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The table
below reflects the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most
directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Interest
expense and the provisions for depreciation and amortization include
discontinued operations. Dollars are in thousands. 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Net income 

 $ 

 128,884 

 $ 

 212,716 

 $ 

 294,840 

 Interest expense 

 160,960 

 321,999 

 383,300 

 Income tax expense (benefit) 

 364 

 1,388 

 7,612 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 202,543 

 423,605 

 533,585 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 11,823 

 10,786 

 18,521 

 Provision for loan losses 

 29,684 

 2,010 

 27,008 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 

 34,171 

 (979) 

 (775) 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 

 568,429 

 $ 

 971,525 

 $ 

 1,264,091 

 Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio: 

 Interest expense 

 $ 

 160,960 

 $ 

 321,999 

 $ 

 383,300 

 Capitalized interest 

 20,792 

 13,164 

 9,777 

 Non-cash interest expense 

 (13,945) 

 (13,905) 

 (11,395) 

 Total interest 

 167,807 

 321,258 

 381,682 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 

 568,429 

 $ 

 971,525 

 $ 

 1,264,091 

 Adjusted interest coverage ratio 

 3.39x 

 3.02x 

 3.31x 

 Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: 

 Interest expense 

 $ 

 160,960 

 $ 

 321,999 

 $ 

 383,300 

 Capitalized interest 

 20,792 

 13,164 

 9,777 

 Non-cash interest expense 

 (13,945) 

 (13,905) 

 (11,395) 

 Secured debt principal payments 

 16,652 

 27,804 

 38,554 

 Preferred dividends 

 21,645 

 60,502 

 69,129 

 Total fixed charges 

 206,104 

 409,564 

 489,365 

 Adjusted EBITDA 

 $ 

 568,429 

 $ 

 971,525 

 $ 

 1,264,091 

 Adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio 

 2.76x 

 2.37x 

 2.58x 

 61 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following tables reflect the
reconciliation of NOI and SSCNOI to net income attributable to common
stockholders, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods
presented. Amounts are in thousands. 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 NOI Reconciliation: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Total revenues: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 323,067 

 $ 

 587,639 

 $ 

 719,599 

 Seniors housing operating 

 51,006 

 456,085 

 703,702 

 Medical facilities 

 201,624 

 285,646 

 397,886 

 Non-segment/corporate 

 2,874 

 690 

 912 

 Total revenues 

 578,571 

 1,330,060 

 1,822,099 

 Property operating expenses: 

 Seniors housing operating 

 32,621 

 314,142 

 471,678 

 Medical facilities 

 45,166 

 63,597 

 98,439 

 Total property operating expenses 

 77,787 

 377,739 

 570,117 

 Net operating income: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 323,067 

 587,639 

 719,599 

 Seniors housing operating 

 18,385 

 141,943 

 232,024 

 Medical facilities 

 156,458 

 222,049 

 299,447 

 Non-segment/corporate 

 2,874 

 690 

 912 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 $ 

 500,784 

 $ 

 952,321 

 $ 

 1,251,982 

 Reconciling items: 

 Interest expense 

 (133,978) 

 (297,373) 

 (367,083) 

 Loss (gain) on derivatives, net 

 - 

 - 

 1,825 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (165,165) 

 (393,882) 

 (515,888) 

 General and administrative 

 (54,626) 

 (77,201) 

 (97,341) 

 Transaction costs 

 (46,660) 

 (70,224) 

 (61,609) 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 

 (34,171) 

 979 

 775 

 Provision for loan losses 

 (29,684) 

 (2,010) 

 (27,008) 

 Income tax benefit (expense) 

 (364) 

 (1,388) 

 (7,612) 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 6,673 

 5,772 

 2,482 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

 86,075 

 95,722 

 114,317 

 Preferred dividends 

 (21,645) 

 (60,502) 

 (69,129) 

 Preferred stock redemption charge 

 - 

 - 

 (6,242) 

 Loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (357) 

 4,894 

 2,415 

 (393,902) 

 (795,213) 

 (1,030,098) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 106,882 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 221,884 

 62 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 Same Store Cash NOI Reconciliation: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 Net operating income from continuing operations: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 323,067 

 $ 

 587,639 

 $ 

 719,599 

 Seniors housing operating 

 18,385 

 141,943 

 232,024 

 Medical facilities 

 156,458 

 222,049 

 299,447 

 Total 

 497,910 

 951,631 

 1,251,070 

 Adjustments: 

 Seniors housing triple-net: 

 Non-cash NOI on same store properties 

 (7,591) 

 (6,254) 

 (4,688) 

 NOI attributable to non same store properties 

 (98,246) 

 (356,888) 

 (488,430) 

 Subtotal 

 (105,837) 

 (363,142) 

 (493,118) 

 Seniors housing operating: 

 Non-cash NOI on same store properties 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 NOI attributable to non same store properties 

 (18,385) 

 (141,943) 

 (232,024) 

 Subtotal 

 (18,385) 

 (141,943) 

 (232,024) 

 Medical facilities: 

 Non-cash NOI on same store properties 

 (5,862) 

 (4,426) 

 (2,909) 

 NOI attributable to non same store properties 

 (45,135) 

 (110,121) 

 (188,942) 

 Subtotal 

 (50,997) 

 (114,547) 

 (191,851) 

 Total 

 (244,601) 

 (876,122) 

 (1,340,868) 

 Same store cash net operating income: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 217,230 

 224,497 

 226,481 

 Seniors housing operating 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Medical facilities 

 105,461 

 107,502 

 107,596 

 Total 

 $ 

 322,691 

 $ 

 331,999 

 $ 

 334,077 

 63 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Health Care Industry 

 The demand for health care services,
and consequently health care properties, is projected to reach unprecedented
levels in the near future. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(“CMS”) projects that national health expenditures will rise to $3.3 trillion
in 2015 or 18.2% of gross domestic product (“GDP”). The average annual growth
in national health expenditures for 2011 through 2021 is expected to be 5.9%. 

 While demographics are the primary driver of demand, economic
conditions and availability of services contribute to health care service
utilization rates. We believe the health care property market may be less
susceptible to fluctuations and economic downturns relative to other property
sectors. Investor interest in the market remains strong, especially in specific
sectors such as private-pay senior living and medical office buildings. As a
REIT, we believe we are situated to benefit from any turbulence in the capital
markets due to our access to capital. 

 The total U.S. population is projected to increase by 18.6%
through 2030. The elderly population aged 65 and over is projected to increase
by 78.3% through 2030. The elderly are an important component of health care
utilization, especially independent living services, assisted living services,
skilled nursing services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services and
physician ambulatory care. Most health care services are provided within a
health care facility such as a hospital, a physician’s office or a seniors
housing community. Therefore, we believe there will be continued demand for
companies, such as ours, with expertise in health care real estate. 

 Health care real estate investment
opportunities tend to increase as demand for health care services increases. 
We recognize the need for health care real estate as it correlates to health
care service demand. Health care providers require real estate to house their
businesses and expand their services. We believe that investment opportunities
in health care real estate will continue to be present due to: 

 · 
 The specialized nature
of the industry, which enhances the credibility and experience of our company; 

 · 
 The projected
population growth combined with stable or increasing health care utilization
rates, which ensures demand; and 

 · 
 The on-going merger
and acquisition activity. 

 Health Reform Laws 

 On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (the “PPACA”) and the Health
Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which amends the PPACA
(collectively, the “Health Reform Laws”). The Health Reform Laws contain
various provisions that may directly impact us or the operators and tenants of
our properties. Some provisions of the Health Reform Laws may have a positive
impact on our operators’ or tenants’ revenues, by, for example, increasing
coverage of uninsured individuals, while others may have a negative impact on
the reimbursement of our operators or tenants by, for example, altering the
market basket adjustments for certain types of health care facilities. The
Health Reform Laws also enhance certain fraud and abuse penalty provisions that
could apply to our operators and tenants, in the event of one or more
violations of the federal health care regulatory laws. In addition, there are
provisions that impact the health coverage that we and our operators and
tenants provide to our respective employees. We cannot predict whether the
existing Health Reform Laws, or future health care reform legislation or
regulatory changes, will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’
property or business. If the operations, cash flows or financial condition of
our operators and tenants are materially adversely impacted by the Health
Reform Laws or future legislation, our revenue and operations may be adversely
affected as well. On June 28, 2012, The United States Supreme Court upheld the
individual mandate of the Health Reform Laws but partially invalidated the
expansion of Medicaid. The ruling on Medicaid expansion will allow States not
to participate in the expansion – and to forego funding for the Medicaid
expansion – without losing their existing Medicaid funding. Given that the
federal government substantially funds the Medicaid expansion, it is unclear
whether any state will pursue this option, although at least some appear to be
considering this option at this time. 

 Impact to Reimbursement of the Operators and Tenants of Our
Properties. The Health
Reform Laws provide for various changes to the reimbursement that our operators
and tenants may receive. One such change is a reduction to the market basket
adjustments for inpatient acute hospitals, long−term care hospitals,
inpatient rehabilitation facilities, home health agencies, psychiatric
hospitals, hospice care and outpatient hospitals. Since 2010, the otherwise
applicable percentage increase to the market basket for inpatient acute
hospitals has decreased. Since 2012, inpatient acute hospitals have also faced
a downward adjustment of the annual percentage increase to the market basket
rate by a “productivity adjustment.” The productivity adjustment may cause the
annual percentage increase to be less than zero, which would mean that
inpatient acute hospitals could face payment rates for a fiscal year that are
less than the payment rates for the preceding year. 

 A similar productivity adjustment has applied to skilled
nursing facilities since 2012, which means that the payment rates for skilled
nursing facilities may decrease from one year to the next. Long−term care
hospitals have faced a specified percentage decrease 

 64 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 in
their annual update for discharges since 2010. Additionally, since 2012,
long−term care hospitals have been subject to the productivity
adjustments, which may decrease the federal payment rates for long−term
care hospitals. Similar productivity adjustments and other adjustments to
payment rates have applied to inpatient rehabilitation facilities, psychiatric
hospitals and outpatient hospitals since 2010. 

 The Health Reform Laws revise other reimbursement provisions
that may affect our business. For example, the Health Reform Laws reduce
states’ Medicaid disproportionate share hospital (“DSH”) allotments, starting
in 2014 through 2020. These allotments would have provided additional funding
for DSH hospitals that are operators or tenants of our properties, and thus,
any reduction might negatively impact these operators or tenants. 

 Additionally, under the Health Reform Laws, beginning in
fiscal year 2015, Medicare payments will decrease to hospitals for treatment
associated with hospital acquired conditions. This decreased payment rate may
negatively impact our operators or tenants. To account for excess readmissions,
the Health Reform Laws also call for a reduction of 1% in payments for those hospitals
with higher−than−average risk−adjusted readmission rates
beginning October 1, 2012, 2% beginning in fiscal year 2014, and 3% from fiscal
year 2015 onward. These reductions in payments to our operators or tenants may
affect their ability to make payments to us. 

 The Health Reform Laws additionally call for the creation of
the Independent Payment Advisory Board (the “Board”), which will be responsible
for establishing payment policies, including recommendations in the event that
Medicare costs exceed a certain threshold. Proposals for recommendations
submitted by the Board prior to December 31, 2018 may not include
recommendations that would reduce payments for hospitals, skilled nursing
facilities, and physicians, among other providers, prior to December 31, 2019. 
On March 22, 2012, the House of Representatives approved legislation that would
repeal the Board. While this legislation was not passed by the Senate, if such
a repeal were signed into law in the future, reimbursement to our tenants and
operators may be impacted. 

 The Health Reform Laws also create other mechanisms that
could permit significant changes to payment. For example, the Health Reform
Laws establish the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test
innovative payment and service delivery models to reduce program expenditures
through the use of demonstration programs that can waive existing reimbursement
methodologies. As another example, on November 2, 2011, CMS published the final
rule implementing section 3022 of the Health Reform Laws, which contains
provisions relating to Medicare payment to providers and suppliers
participating in Accountable Care Organizations (“ACOs”) under the Medicare
Shared Servings Program. Under the program, Medicare will share a percentage of
savings with ACOs that meet certain quality and saving requirements, thereby
allowing providers to receive incentive payments in addition to their
traditional fee−for−service payments. Under the program, more
experienced providers may assume the risk of losses in exchange for greater
potential rewards: ACOs may share up to 50% of the savings under the
one−sided model and up to 60% of the savings under the two−sided
model, depending on their quality and performance. The amount of shared losses
for which an ACO is liable in the two−sided model may not exceed the
following percentages of its updated benchmark: 5% in the first performance
year, 7.5% in the second year, and 10% in the third year. These shared losses
could affect the ability of ACO operators or tenants to meet their financial
obligations to us. The Health Reform Laws also provide additional Medicaid
funding to allow states to carry out the expansion of Medicaid coverage to
certain financially−eligible individuals beginning in 2014, and also permit
states to expand their Medicaid coverage to these individuals since April 1,
2010, if certain conditions are met. The Health Reform Laws also extend
certain payment rules related to long−term acute care hospitals found in
the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 (“MMSEA”). 

 Additionally, although the Health Reform Laws delayed 
implementation of the Resource Utilization Group, Version Four
(“RUG−IV”), which revises the payment classification system for skilled
nursing facilities, the Medicare and Medicaid Extenders Act of 2010 repealed
this delay retroactively to October 1, 2010. The implementation of the RUG-IV
classification may impact our tenants and operators by revising the
classifications of certain patients. The federal reimbursement for certain
facilities, such as skilled nursing facilities, incorporates adjustments to
account for facility case-mix. The Health Reform Laws also extend certain
payment rules related to long−term acute care hospitals found in the MMSEA. 
The MMSEA delayed the implementation of a policy referred to as the “25%
threshold rule” that would limit the proportion of patients who can be admitted
from a co-located or host hospital during a cost reporting period and be paid
under the long-term care hospital prospective payment system. The Health
Reform Laws further extended the delay, which expired at various points in
calendar year 2012, depending on the start of the provider’s cost reporting
period. 

 Finally, many other changes resulting from the Health Reform
Laws, or implementing regulations or guidance may negatively impact our
operators and tenants. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the Health
Reform Laws and implementing regulations and guidance to determine other
potential effects of the reform. 

 Impact of Fraud and Abuse Provisions. The Health
Reform Laws revise health care fraud and abuse provisions that will affect our
operators and tenants. Specifically, the Health Reform Laws allow for up to
treble damages under the Federal False Claims Act for violations related to
state−based health insurance exchanges authorized by the Health Reform
Laws, which will be implemented 

 65 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 beginning in 2014. The
Health Reform Laws also impose new civil monetary penalties for false
statements or actions that lead to delayed inspections, with penalties of up to
$15,000 per day for failure to grant timely access and up to $50,000 for a
knowing violation. Additionally, the Health Reform Laws require certain
entities – including providers, suppliers, Medicaid managed care organizations,
Medicare Advantage organizations, and prescription drug program sponsors – to
report and return overpayments to the appropriate payer by the later of (a)
sixty (60) days after the date the overpayment was “identified,” or (b) the
date that the “corresponding cost report” is due. The entity also must notify
the payer in writing of the reason for the overpayment. A violation of these
requirements may result in criminal liability, civil liability under the FCA,
and/or exclusion from the federal health care programs. On February 14, 2012,
CMS published a proposed rule implementing the Health Reform Laws requirement
that health care providers and suppliers report and return
self−identified overpayments by the later of 60 days after the date the
overpayment was identified, or the date any corresponding cost report is due,
if applicable. The Health Reform Laws also amend the Federal Anti−Kickback
Statute (“AKS”) to state that any items or services “resulting from” a
violation of the AKS constitutes a “false or fraudulent claim” under the
Federal False Claims Act. The Health Reform Laws also provide for additional
funding to investigate and prosecute health care fraud and abuse. Accordingly,
the increased penalties under the Health Reform Laws for fraud and abuse
violations may have a negative impact on our operators and tenants in the event
that the government brings an enforcement action or subjects them to penalties. 

 Further, CMS published final rulemaking to implement the
enhanced provider and supplier screening provisions called for in the Health
Reform Laws. Under the final rule, beginning March 25, 2011, all enrolling and
participating providers and suppliers are assessed an annual administrative fee
and are placed in one of three risk levels (limited, moderate, and high) based
on an assessment of the individual’s or entity’s overall risk of fraud, waste
and abuse. This rule also allows for the temporary suspension of Medicare
payments to providers or suppliers in the event CMS receives credible
information that an overpayment, fraud, or willful misrepresentation has
occurred. The Health Reform Laws granted the Secretary of the Department of
Health and Human Services significant discretionary authority to suspend,
exclude, or impose fines on providers and suppliers based on the agency’s
determination that such a provider or supplier is “high−risk,” and, as a
result, this final rulemaking has the potential to materially adversely affect
our operators and tenants who may be evaluated under the enhanced screening
process. 

 On November 2, 2011, CMS and OIG jointly published the final
rule establishing waivers of certain fraud and abuse laws to ACOs. These
waivers include automatic AKS, Stark, and Civil Monetary Penalty Law waivers
that may be applied in certain situations and that will apply uniformly to each
ACO, ACO participant, and ACO provider/supplier. Notably, the final rule states
that CMS and OIG intend to closely monitor ACOs through June 2013 to ensure
that these waivers are not causing “undesirable effects” and need to be
narrowed to prevent fraud and abuse. 

 Additionally, provisions of Title VI of the Health Care
Reform Laws are designed to increase transparency and program integrity by
skilled nursing facilities, other nursing facilities and similar providers.
Specifically, skilled nursing facilities and other providers and suppliers will
be required to institute compliance and ethics programs. Additionally, the
Health Reform Laws make it easier for consumers to file complaints against
nursing homes by mandating that states establish complaint websites. The
provisions calling for enhanced transparency will increase the administrative
burden and costs on these providers. 

 Impact to the Health Care Plans Offered to Our Employees. The
Health Reform Laws affect employers that provide health plans to their
employees. The new laws change the tax treatment of the Medicare Part D retiree
drug subsidy and extend dependent coverage for dependents up to age 26, among
other changes. We continue to evaluate our health care plans for these changes
as new reform laws are enacted. These changes may affect our operators and
tenants as well. 

 66 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions. 
Management considers accounting estimates or assumptions critical if: 

 · 
 the nature of the
estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and
judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the
susceptibility of such matters to change; and 

 · 
 the impact of the
estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is
material. 

 Management has discussed the development and selection of its
critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to
them. Management believes the current assumptions and other considerations
used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are
appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future. However,
since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the
time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change. If actual experience
differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating
amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting
changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of
operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Please refer to Note 1
of our audited consolidated financial statements for further information on
significant accounting policies that impact us. There were no material changes
to these policies in 2012. 

 The following table presents information about our critical
accounting policies, as well as the material assumptions used to develop each
estimate: 

 Nature of Critical 

 Accounting Estimate 

 Assumptions/Approach 

 Used 

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The
 consolidated financial statements include our accounts, the accounts of our
 wholly-owned subsidiaries and the accounts of joint venture entities in which
 we own a majority voting interest with the ability to control operations and
 where no substantive participating rights or substantive kick out rights have
 been granted to the noncontrolling interests. In addition, we consolidate
 those entities deemed to be variable interest entities in which we are
 determined to be the primary beneficiary. All material intercompany
 transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 We make judgments about which entities are VIEs based on an
 assessment of whether (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do
 not have a controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment
 at risk is insufficient to finance that entity’s activities without
 additional subordinated financial support. We make judgments with respect to our
 level of influence or control of an entity and whether we are (or are not)
 the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors includes,
 but is not limited to, our ability to direct the activities that most
 significantly impact the entity's economic performance, our form of ownership
 interest, our representation on the entity's governing body, the size and
 seniority of our investment, our ability and the rights of other investors to
 participate in policy making decisions, replace the manager and/or liquidate
 the entity, if applicable. Our ability to correctly assess our influence or
 control over an entity at inception of our involvement or on a continuous
 basis when determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE affects the presentation
 of these entities in our consolidated financial statements. If we perform a
 primary beneficiary analysis at a date other than at inception of the
 variable interest entity, our assumptions may be different and may result in
 the identification of a different primary beneficiary. 

 Income Taxes 

 As
 part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements,
 significant management judgment is required to evaluate our compliance with
 REIT requirements. 

 Our
 determinations are based on interpretation of tax laws, and our conclusions
 may have an impact on the income tax expense recognized. Adjustments to
 income tax expense may be required as a result of: (i) audits conducted
 by federal and state tax authorities, (ii) our ability to qualify as a
 REIT, (iii) the potential for built-in-gain recognized related to
 prior-tax-free acquisitions of C corporations, and (iv) changes in tax
 laws. Adjustments required in any given period are included in income. 

 67 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Nature of Critical 

 Accounting Estimate 

 Assumptions/Approach 

 Used 

 Business Combinations 

 Real
 property developed by us is recorded at cost, including the capitalization of
 construction period interest. The cost of real property acquired is allocated
 to net tangible and identifiable intangible assets based on their respective
 fair values. Tangible assets primarily consist of land, buildings and
 improvements. The remaining purchase price is allocated among identifiable
 intangible assets primarily consisting of the above or below market component
 of in-place leases and the value of in-place leases. The total amount of
 other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to in-place lease
 values and customer relationship values based on management’s evaluation of
 the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease and the Company’s overall
 relationship with that respective tenant. 

 We
 make estimates as part of our allocation of the purchase price of
 acquisitions to the various components of the acquisition based upon the
 relative fair value of each component. The most significant components of our
 allocations are typically the allocation of fair value to the buildings
 as-if-vacant, land and in-place leases. In the case of the fair value of
 buildings and the allocation of value to land and other intangibles, our
 estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of
 depreciation and amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the
 property acquired or the remaining lease term. In the case of the value of
 in-place leases, we make our best estimates based on our evaluation of the
 specific characteristics of each tenant's lease. Factors considered include
 estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods,
 market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. Our assumptions affect
 the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease
 term for the acquired in-place leases. 

 We
 compute depreciation and amortization on our properties using the
 straight-line method based on their estimated useful lives which range from
 15 to 40 years for buildings and five to 15 years for improvements.
 Amortization periods for intangibles are based on the estimated remaining useful
 lives of the underlying agreements. 

 Allowance for Loan Losses 

 We
 maintain an allowance for loan losses in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The
 allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate to
 absorb potential losses in our loans receivable. The determination of the
 allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans. If
 this evaluation indicates that there is a greater risk of loan charge-offs,
 additional allowances or placement on non-accrual status may be required. A
 loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable
 that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled according to
 the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Consistent with this
 definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed impaired. To the extent
 circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we will
 return these loans to full accrual status. 

 The
 determination of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of all
 outstanding loans, including general economic conditions and estimated
 collectability of loan payments and principal. We evaluate the collectability
 of our loans receivable based on a combination of factors, including, but not
 limited to, delinquency status, historical loan charge-offs, financial
 strength of the borrower and guarantors and value of the underlying property. 

 68 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Nature of Critical 

 Accounting Estimate 

 Assumptions/Approach 

 Used 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Revenue
 is recorded in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires that revenue be
 recognized after four basic criteria are met. These four criteria include
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the rendering of service, fixed and
 determinable income and reasonably assured collectability. If the
 collectability of revenue is determined incorrectly, the amount and timing of
 our reported revenue could be significantly affected. Interest income on
 loans is recognized as earned based upon the principal amount outstanding
 subject to an evaluation of collectability risk. Substantially all of our
 operating leases contain fixed and/or contingent escalating rent structures.
 Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a
 straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a
 collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent
 rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental
 payments due for the period. We recognize resident fees and services, other
 than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. Lease agreements with
 residents generally have a term of one year and are cancelable by the
 resident with 30 days’ notice. 

 We
 evaluate the collectability of our revenues and related receivables on an
 on-going basis. We evaluate collectability based on assumptions and other
 considerations including, but not limited to, the certainty of payment,
 payment history, the financial strength of the investment’s underlying
 operations as measured by cash flows and payment coverages, the value of the
 underlying collateral and guaranties and current economic conditions. 

 If our
 evaluation indicates that collectability is not reasonably assured, we may
 place an investment on non-accrual or reserve against all or a portion of
 current income as an offset to revenue. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 We
 review our long-lived assets for potential impairment in accordance with U.S.
 GAAP. An impairment charge must be recognized when the carrying value of a
 long-lived asset is not recoverable. The carrying value is not recoverable
 if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from
 the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If it is determined that a
 permanent impairment of a long-lived asset has occurred, the carrying value
 of the asset is reduced to its fair value and an impairment charge is
 recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value. 

 The
 net book value of long-lived assets is reviewed quarterly on a property by
 property basis to determine if there are indicators of impairment. These
 indicators may include anticipated operating losses at the property level,
 the tenant’s inability to make rent payments, a decision to dispose of an
 asset before the end of its estimated useful life and changes in the market
 that may permanently reduce the value of the property. If indicators of impairment
 exist, then the undiscounted future cash flows from the most likely use of
 the property are compared to the current net book value. This analysis
 requires us to determine if indicators of impairment exist and to estimate
 the most likely stream of cash flows to be generated from the property during
 the period the property is expected to be held. 

 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 

 The
 valuation of derivative instruments is accounted for in accordance with U.S.
 GAAP, which requires companies to record derivatives at fair market value on
 the balance sheet as assets or liabilities. 

 The
 valuation of derivative instruments requires us to make estimates and
 judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. Fair values for our
 derivatives are estimated by utilizing pricing models that consider forward
 yield curves and discount rates. Such amounts and their recognition are
 subject to significant estimates which may change in the future. 

 69 

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Impact
of Inflation 

 During the past three years, inflation has not
significantly affected our earnings because of the moderate inflation rate.
Additionally, our earnings are primarily long-term investments with predictable
rates of return. These investments are mainly financed with a combination of
equity, senior unsecured notes and borrowings under our primary unsecured line
of credit arrangement. During inflationary periods, which generally are
accompanied by rising interest rates, our ability to grow may be adversely
affected because the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate
than new borrowing costs. Presuming the current inflation rate remains moderate
and long-term interest rates do not increase significantly, we believe that
inflation will not impact the availability of equity and debt financing for us. 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

 We are
exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from
adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek
to mitigate the underlying
foreign currency exposures with gains and losses on derivative contracts
hedging these exposures. We
seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the
terms of new investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings to the extent
possible. We may or may not elect to use financial derivative instruments to
hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our
policy to match our variable rate investments with comparable borrowings, but are
also based on the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and
our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. This section is
presented to provide a discussion of the risks associated with potential
fluctuations in interest rates. 

 We
historically borrow on our primary unsecured line of credit arrangement to
acquire, construct or make loans relating to health care and seniors housing
properties. Then, as market conditions dictate, we will issue equity or
long-term fixed rate debt to repay the borrowings under our unsecured line of
credit arrangements. 

 A
change in interest rates will not affect the interest expense associated with
our fixed rate debt. Interest rate changes, however, will affect the fair value
of our fixed rate debt. Changes in the interest rate environment upon maturity
of this fixed rate debt could have an effect on our future cash flows and
earnings, depending on whether the debt is replaced with other fixed rate debt,
variable rate debt or equity or repaid by the sale of assets. To illustrate the
impact of changes in the interest rate markets, we performed a sensitivity
analysis on our fixed rate debt instruments whereby we modeled the change in
net present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates to
determine the instruments’ change in fair value. The following table summarizes
the analysis performed as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 Principal 

 Change
 in 

 Principal 

 Change
 in 

 balance 

 fair
 value 

 balance 

 fair
 value 

 Senior unsecured notes (1) 

 $ 

 6,145,457 

 $ 

 (451,478) 

 $ 

 4,464,927 

 $ 

 (342,460) 

 Secured debt 

 2,024,454 

 (96,290) 

 1,693,283 

 (82,583) 

 Totals 

 $ 

 8,169,911 

 $ 

 (547,768) 

 $ 

 6,158,210 

 $ 

 (425,043) 

 (1) 2012 amounts include the Canadian denominated unsecured term
 loan. 

 Our variable rate debt, including our unsecured line
of credit arrangements, is reflected at fair value. At December 31, 2012, we
had no amounts outstanding related to our variable rate lines of credit and
$276,006,000 outstanding related to our variable rate secured debt. Assuming no
changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would result
in increased annual interest expense of $2,760,000. At December 31, 2011, we
had $610,000,000 outstanding related to our variable rate line of credit and $415,101,000
outstanding related to our variable rate secured debt. Assuming no changes in
outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would have resulted in
increased annual interest expense of $10,251,000. 

 See Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements
for information on our derivative instruments. 

 We are subject to risks associated with debt
financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced
or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of
current indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings were completed under
indentures or contractual agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we
may incur. Accordingly, in the event that we are unable to raise additional
equity or borrow money because of these limitations, our ability to acquire
additional properties may be limited. 

 For additional information regarding fair values of
financial instruments, see “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical
Accounting Policies” and Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial
statements. 

 70 

 Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of Health Care REIT, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Health Care
REIT, Inc. as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated
statements of comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2012. Our audits also included the
financial statement schedules listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. These
financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and schedules based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Health Care REIT,
Inc. at December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules,
when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Health Care REIT, Inc.’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February
26, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

 Toledo, Ohio 

 February
26, 2013 

 71 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Assets 

 (In
 thousands) 

 Real estate investments: 

 Real property owned: 

 Land and land improvements 

 $ 

 1,365,391 

 $ 

 1,116,756 

 Buildings and improvements 

 15,635,127 

 13,073,747 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 673,684 

 428,199 

 Real property held for sale, net of accumulated depreciation 

 245,213 

 36,115 

 Construction in progress 

 162,984 

 189,502 

 Gross real property owned 

 18,082,399 

 14,844,319 

 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (1,555,055) 

 (1,194,476) 

 Net real property owned 

 16,527,344 

 13,649,843 

 Real estate loans receivable 

 895,665 

 292,507 

 Net real estate investments 

 17,423,009 

 13,942,350 

 Other assets: 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities 

 438,936 

 241,722 

 Goodwill 

 68,321 

 68,321 

 Deferred loan expenses 

 66,327 

 58,584 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 1,033,764 

 163,482 

 Restricted cash 

 107,657 

 69,620 

 Receivables and other assets 

 411,095 

 380,527 

 Total other assets 

 2,126,100 

 982,256 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 19,549,109 

 $ 

 14,924,606 

 Liabilities and equity 

 Liabilities: 

 Borrowings under unsecured line of credit arrangements 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 610,000 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 6,114,151 

 4,434,107 

 Secured debt 

 2,336,196 

 2,112,649 

 Capital lease obligations 

 81,552 

 83,996 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 462,099 

 371,557 

 Total liabilities 

 8,993,998 

 7,612,309 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 34,592 

 33,650 

 Equity: 

 Preferred stock 

 1,022,917 

 1,010,417 

 Common stock 

 260,396 

 192,299 

 Capital in excess of par value 

 10,543,690 

 7,019,714 

 Treasury stock 

 (17,875) 

 (13,535) 

 Cumulative net income 

 2,184,819 

 1,893,806 

 Cumulative dividends 

 (3,694,579) 

 (2,972,129) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (11,028) 

 (11,928) 

 Other equity 

 6,461 

 6,120 

 Total Health Care REIT, Inc. stockholders’ equity 

 10,294,801 

 7,124,764 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 225,718 

 153,883 

 Total equity 

 10,520,519 

 7,278,647 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 

 19,549,109 

 $ 

 14,924,606 

 See
accompanying notes 

 72 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE

INCOME 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 1,080,269 

 $ 

 821,610 

 $ 

 479,465 

 Resident fees and services 

 697,494 

 456,085 

 51,006 

 Interest income 

 39,065 

 41,070 

 40,855 

 Other income 

 5,271 

 11,295 

 7,245 

 Total revenues 

 1,822,099 

 1,330,060 

 578,571 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 367,083 

 297,373 

 133,978 

 Property operating expenses 

 570,117 

 377,739 

 77,787 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 515,888 

 393,882 

 165,165 

 General and administrative 

 97,341 

 77,201 

 54,626 

 Transaction costs 

 61,609 

 70,224 

 46,660 

 Loss (gain) on derivatives, net 

 (1,825) 

 - 

 - 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (775) 

 (979) 

 34,171 

 Provision for loan losses 

 27,008 

 2,010 

 29,684 

 Total expenses 

 1,636,446 

 1,217,450 

 542,071 

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

 and income from unconsolidated entities 

 185,653 

 112,610 

 36,500 

 Income tax (expense) benefit 

 (7,612) 

 (1,388) 

 (364) 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 2,482 

 5,772 

 6,673 

 Income from continuing operations 

 180,523 

 116,994 

 42,809 

 Discontinued operations: 

 Gain (loss) on sales of properties, net 

 100,549 

 61,160 

 36,115 

 Impairment of assets 

 (29,287) 

 (12,194) 

 (947) 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

 43,055 

 46,756 

 50,907 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 114,317 

 95,722 

 86,075 

 Net income 

 294,840 

 212,716 

 128,884 

 Less: Preferred stock dividends 

 69,129 

 60,502 

 21,645 

 Less: Preferred stock redemption charge 

 6,242 

 - 

 - 

 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
 interests (1) 

 (2,415) 

 (4,894) 

 357 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 221,884 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 106,882 

 Average number of common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 224,343 

 173,741 

 127,656 

 Diluted 

 225,953 

 174,401 

 128,208 

 Earnings per share: 

 Basic: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.16 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 0.51 

 0.55 

 0.67 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders* 

 $ 

 0.99 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.84 

 Diluted: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 0.48 

 $ 

 0.35 

 $ 

 0.16 

 Discontinued operations, net 

 0.51 

 0.55 

 0.67 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders* 

 $ 

 0.98 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.83 

 * Amounts may not sum due to rounding 

 (1) Includes amounts attributable to
redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 See accompanying notes 

 73 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE

INCOME 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net income 

 $ 

 294,840 

 $ 

 212,716 

 $ 

 128,884 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Unrecognized gain/(loss) on equity investments 

 403 

 (122) 

 54 

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges: 

 Unrealized gain/(loss) 

 3,200 

 3,189 

 (10,307) 

 Reclassification adjustment realized in net income 

 (1,596) 

 (1,781) 

 2,244 

 Unrecognized actuarial gain/(loss) 

 (226) 

 (2,115) 

 (199) 

 Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) 

 (881) 

 - 

 - 

 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

 900 

 (829) 

 (8,208) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 295,740 

 211,887 

 120,676 

 Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling
 interests (1) 

 (2,415) 

 (4,894) 

 357 

 Total comprehensive income attributable to stockholders 

 $ 

 293,325 

 $ 

 206,993 

 $ 

 121,033 

 (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling
 interests. 

 See accompanying notes 

 74 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 (in thousands) 

 Accumulated 

 Capital
 in 

 Other 

 Preferred 

 Common 

 Excess
 of 

 Treasury 

 Cumulative 

 Cumulative 

 Comprehensive 

 Other 

 Noncontrolling 

 Stock 

 Stock 

 Par
 Value 

 Stock 

 Net
 Income 

 Dividends 

 Income 

 Equity 

 Interests 

 Total 

 Balances at December 31, 2009 

 $ 

 288,683 

 123,385 

 3,900,666 

 (7,619) 

 1,547,669 

 (2,057,658) 

 (2,891) 

 4,804 

 10,412 

 $ 

 3,807,451 

 Comprehensive income: 

 Net income 

 128,527 

 357 

 128,884 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 (8,208) 

 (8,208) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 120,676 

 Contributions by noncontrolling interests 

 43,640 

 122,781 

 166,421 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 (3,301) 

 (3,301) 

 Amounts related to issuance of common stock 

 from dividend reinvestment and stock 

 incentive plans, net of forfeitures 

 2,300 

 97,696 

 (3,733) 

 (741) 

 95,522 

 Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

 21,131 

 884,255 

 905,386 

 Equity component of convertible debt 

 (9,689) 

 (9,689) 

 Equity consideration in business combinations 

 16,667 

 2,721 

 19,388 

 Redemption of preferred stock 

 (165) 

 (165) 

 Conversion of preferred stock 

 (13,518) 

 339 

 13,179 

 - 

 Option compensation expense 

 1,634 

 1,634 

 Cash dividends paid: 

 Common stock cash dividends 

 (348,578) 

 (348,578) 

 Preferred stock cash dividends 

 (21,645) 

 (21,645) 

 Balances at December 31, 2010 

 291,667 

 147,155 

 4,932,468 

 (11,352) 

 1,676,196 

 (2,427,881) 

 (11,099) 

 5,697 

 130,249 

 4,733,100 

 Comprehensive income: 

 Net income 

 217,610 

 (3,591) 

 214,019 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 (829) 

 (829) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 213,190 

 Contributions by noncontrolling interests 

 6,468 

 65,361 

 71,829 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 (38,136) 

 (38,136) 

 Amounts related to issuance of common stock 

 from dividend reinvestment and stock 

 incentive plans, net of forfeitures 

 2,895 

 138,989 

 (2,183) 

 (1,494) 

 138,207 

 Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

 42,249 

 1,964,102 

 2,006,351 

 Proceeds from issuance of preferred shares 

 718,750 

 (22,313) 

 696,437 

 Option compensation expense 

 1,917 

 1,917 

 Cash dividends paid: 

 Common stock cash dividends 

 (483,746) 

 (483,746) 

 Preferred stock cash dividends 

 (60,502) 

 (60,502) 

 Balances at December 31, 2011 

 1,010,417 

 192,299 

 7,019,714 

 (13,535) 

 1,893,806 

 (2,972,129) 

 (11,928) 

 6,120 

 153,883 

 7,278,647 

 Comprehensive income: 

 Net income 

 297,255 

 (1,480) 

 295,775 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 900 

 900 

 Total comprehensive income 

 296,675 

 Contributions by noncontrolling interests 

 222 

 89,934 

 90,156 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

 (7,358) 

 (16,619) 

 (23,977) 

 Amounts related to issuance of common stock 

 from dividend reinvestment and stock 

 incentive plans, net of forfeitures 

 2,658 

 149,955 

 (4,340) 

 (2,534) 

 145,739 

 Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

 64,400 

 3,382,532 

 3,446,932 

 Net proceeds from sale of preferred stock 

 287,500 

 (9,813) 

 277,687 

 Equity component of convertible debt 

 1,039 

 2,236 

 3,275 

 Redemption of preferred stock 

 (275,000) 

 6,202 

 (6,242) 

 (275,040) 

 Option compensation expense 

 2,875 

 2,875 

 Cash dividends paid: 

 Common stock cash dividends 

 (653,321) 

 (653,321) 

 Preferred stock cash dividends 

 (69,129) 

 (69,129) 

 Balances at December 31, 2012 

 $ 

 1,022,917 

 $ 

 260,396 

 $ 

 10,543,690 

 $ 

 (17,875) 

 $ 

 2,184,819 

 $ 

 (3,694,579) 

 $ 

 (11,028) 

 $ 

 6,461 

 $ 

 225,718 

 $ 

 10,520,519 

 See accompanying notes 

 75 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 (In thousands) 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Operating activities 

 Net income 

 $ 

 294,840 

 $ 

 212,716 

 $ 

 128,884 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to 

 net cash provided from (used in) operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 533,585 

 423,605 

 202,543 

 Other amortization expenses 

 15,185 

 16,851 

 17,169 

 Provision for loan losses 

 27,008 

 2,010 

 29,684 

 Impairment of assets 

 29,287 

 12,194 

 947 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 18,521 

 10,786 

 11,823 

 Loss (gain) on derivatives, net 

 (1,825) 

 - 

 - 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (775) 

 (979) 

 34,171 

 Income from unconsolidated entities 

 (2,482) 

 (5,772) 

 (6,673) 

 Rental income in excess of cash received 

 (32,362) 

 (31,578) 

 (6,594) 

 Amortization related to above (below) market leases, net 

 165 

 (2,507) 

 (2,856) 

 Loss (gain) on sales of properties, net 

 (100,549) 

 (61,160) 

 (36,115) 

 Distributions by unconsolidated entities 

 17,607 

 6,149 

 - 

 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 38,213 

 10,653 

 12,293 

 Decrease (increase) in receivables and other assets 

 (18,285) 

 (4,744) 

 (20,535) 

 Net cash provided from (used in) operating activities 

 818,133 

 588,224 

 364,741 

 Investing activities 

 Investment in real property, net of cash acquired 

 (3,345,111) 

 (4,905,122) 

 (2,074,176) 

 Capitalized interest 

 (9,777) 

 (13,164) 

 (20,792) 

 Investment in real estate loans receivable 

 (665,094) 

 (51,477) 

 (97,265) 

 Other investments, net of payments 

 25,425 

 (22,986) 

 (133,894) 

 Principal collected on real estate loans receivable 

 35,020 

 188,811 

 43,495 

 Contributions to unconsolidated entities 

 (227,735) 

 (2,784) 

 (196,413) 

 Distributions by unconsolidated entities 

 13,136 

 9,135 

 103 

 Proceeds from (payments on) derivatives 

 6,652 

 - 

 - 

 Decrease (increase) in restricted cash 

 (35,766) 

 30,248 

 (52,124) 

 Proceeds from sales of real property 

 610,271 

 247,210 

 219,027 

 Net cash provided from (used in) investing activities 

 (3,592,979) 

 (4,520,129) 

 (2,312,039) 

 Financing activities 

 Net increase (decrease) under unsecured lines of credit
 arrangements 

 (610,000) 

 310,000 

 160,000 

 Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes 

 2,025,708 

 1,381,086 

 1,821,683 

 Payments to extinguish senior unsecured notes 

 (370,524) 

 (3) 

 (495,542) 

 Net proceeds from the issuance of secured debt 

 157,418 

 119,030 

 154,306 

 Payments on secured debt 

 (406,210) 

 (83,998) 

 (217,711) 

 Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

 3,581,292 

 2,137,594 

 995,438 

 Net proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock 

 277,687 

 696,437 

 - 

 Redemption of preferred stock 

 (275,000) 

 - 

 - 

 Decrease (increase) in deferred loan expenses 

 (7,152) 

 (28,867) 

 (3,869) 

 Contributions by noncontrolling interests (1) 

 24,115 

 8,604 

 2,611 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests (1) 

 (29,353) 

 (30,705) 

 (3,301) 

 Cash distributions to stockholders 

 (722,450) 

 (544,248) 

 (370,223) 

 Other financing activities 

 (403) 

 (1,113) 

 - 

 Net cash provided from (used in) financing activities 

 3,645,128 

 3,963,817 

 2,043,392 

 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 870,282 

 31,912 

 96,094 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 163,482 

 131,570 

 35,476 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 1,033,764 

 $ 

 163,482 

 $ 

 131,570 

 Supplemental cash flow information: 

 Interest paid 

 $ 

 369,511 

 $ 

 285,884 

 $ 

 156,207 

 Income taxes paid 

 3,071 

 389 

 319 

 (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable
noncontrolling interests. 

 See accompanying notes. 

 76 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 1. Business 

 Health Care REIT, Inc., an S&P
500 company with headquarters in Toledo, Ohio, is an equity real estate
investment trust (“REIT”) that invests in seniors housing and health care real
estate. Our full service platform offers property management and development
services to our customers. As of December 31, 2012, our diversified portfolio
consisted of 1,025 properties in 46 states, the United Kingdom, and Canada.
Founded in 1970, we were the first real estate investment trust to invest
exclusively in health care facilities. 

 2. Accounting Policies and Related Matters 

 Principles
of Consolidation 

 The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries and joint venture entities that we control, through voting rights
or other means. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

 At
inception of joint venture transactions, we identify entities for which control
is achieved through means other than voting rights (“variable interest entities”
or “VIEs”) and determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary
of its operations. A VIE is broadly defined as an entity where either
(i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do not have a controlling
financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient
to finance that entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial
support. We consolidate investments in VIEs when we are determined to be the
primary beneficiary. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, Consolidations
 (“ASC 810”), requires enterprises to perform a qualitative approach to
determining whether or not a VIE will need to be consolidated on a continuous
basis. This evaluation is based on an enterprise’s ability to direct and
influence the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact that entity’s
economic performance. 

 For
investments in joint ventures, we evaluate the type of rights held by the
limited partner(s), which may preclude consolidation in circumstances in which
the sole general partner would otherwise consolidate the limited partnership.
The assessment of limited partners’ rights and their impact on the presumption
of control over a limited partnership by the sole general partner should be
made when an investor becomes the sole general partner and should be reassessed
if (i) there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the
rights of the limited partners, (ii) the sole general partner increases or
decreases its ownership in the limited partnership, or (iii) there is an
increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership
interests. We similarly evaluate the rights of managing members of limited
liability companies. 

 Use of
Estimates 

 The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Revenue
Recognition 

 Revenue
is recorded in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires that revenue be
recognized after four basic criteria are met. These four criteria include
persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the rendering of service, fixed and
determinable income and reasonably assured collectability. Interest income on
loans is recognized as earned based upon the principal amount outstanding
subject to an evaluation of collectability risk. Substantially all of our
operating leases contain escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual
rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the
initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income
related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based
on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. Leases in our
medical office building portfolio typically include some form of operating
expense reimbursement by the tenant. Certain payments made to operators are
treated as lease incentives and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the
lease term. We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees,
monthly as services are provided. Lease agreements with residents generally
have a term of one year and are cancelable by the resident with 30 days’
notice. 

 Cash and
Cash Equivalents 

 Cash
and cash equivalents consist of all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less. 

 Restricted
Cash 

 Restricted
cash primarily consists of amounts held by lenders to provide future payments
for real estate taxes, insurance, tenant and capital improvements and amounts
held in escrow relating to acquisitions we are entitled to receive over a
period of time as outlined in the escrow agreement. 

 Deferred
Loan Expenses 

 77 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Deferred loan expenses are costs
incurred by us in connection with the issuance, assumption and amendments of
debt arrangements. We amortize these costs over the term of the debt using the
straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. 

 Investments
in Unconsolidated Entities 

 Investments
in less than majority owned entities where our interests represent a general
partnership interest but substantive participating or kick-out rights have been
granted to the limited partners, or where our interests do not represent the
general partnership interest and we do not control the major operating and
financial policies of the entity, are reported under the equity method of
accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, our share of the investee’s
earnings or losses is included in our consolidated results of operations. To the
extent that our cost basis is different from the basis reflected at the entity
level, the basis difference is generally amortized over the lives of the
related assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in our share
of equity in earnings of the entity. The initial carrying value of investments
in unconsolidated entities is based on the amount paid to purchase the entity
interest or the estimated fair value of the assets prior to the sale of
interests in the entity. Other equity investments include an investment in
available-for-sale securities. These equity investments represented a minimal
ownership interest in these companies. We evaluate our equity method
investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value
of the equity method investment to its carrying value. When we determine a
decline in the estimated fair value of such an investment below its carrying
value is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded. 

 Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interests 

 Certain
noncontrolling interests are redeemable at fair value. Accordingly, we record
the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interests at the greater of (i) the
initial carrying amount, increased or decreased for the noncontrolling
interest’s share of net income or loss and its share of other comprehensive
income or loss and dividends or (ii) the redemption value. In accordance with
ASC 810, the redeemable noncontrolling interests were classified outside of
permanent equity, as a mezzanine item, in the balance sheet. 

 Real
Property Owned 

 Real
property developed by us is recorded at cost, including the capitalization of
construction period interest. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred. Property acquisitions are accounted for as business
combinations where we measure the assets acquired, liabilities (including
assumed debt and contingencies) and any noncontrolling interests at their fair
values on the acquisition date. The cost of real property acquired, which
represents substantially all of the purchase price, is allocated to net
tangible and identifiable intangible assets based on their respective fair
values. These properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives which range from 15 to 40 years for buildings and 5
to 15 years for improvements. Tangible assets primarily consist of land,
buildings and improvements, including those related to capital leases. We
consider costs incurred in conjunction with re-leasing properties, including
tenant improvements and lease commissions, to represent the acquisition of
productive assets and, accordingly, such costs are reflected as investment
activities in our statement of cash flows. 

 The
remaining purchase price is allocated among identifiable intangible assets
primarily consisting of the above or below market component of in-place leases
and the value associated with the presence of in-place tenants or residents. 
The value allocable to the above or below market component of the acquired
in-place lease is determined based upon the present value (using a discount
rate which reflects the risks associated with the acquired leases) of the
difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the
lease over its remaining term, and (ii) management’s estimate of the
amounts that would be paid using fair market rates over the remaining term of
the lease. The amounts allocated to above market leases are included in
acquired lease intangibles and below market leases are included in other liabilities
in the balance sheet and are amortized to rental income over the remaining
terms of the respective leases. 

 The
total amount of other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to
in-place lease values and customer relationship values for in-place tenants
based on management’s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each
tenant’s lease and our overall relationship with that respective tenant.
Characteristics considered by management in allocating these values include the
nature and extent of our existing business relationships with the tenant,
growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant, the tenant’s
credit quality and expectations of lease renewals, among other factors. The
total amount of other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to
in-place lease values for in-place residents with such value representing (i)
value associated with lost revenue related to tenant reimbursable operating
costs that would be incurred in an assumed re-leasing period, and (ii) value
associated with lost rental revenue from existing leases during an assumed
re-leasing period. This intangible asset will be amortized over the assumed
re-leasing period. 

 The
net book value of long-lived assets is reviewed quarterly on a property by
property basis to determine if facts and circumstances suggest that the assets
may be impaired or that the depreciable life may need to be changed. We
consider external factors relating to each asset and the existence of a master
lease which may link the cash flows of an individual asset to a larger
portfolio of assets leased to the same tenant. If these factors and the
projected undiscounted cash flows of the asset over the remaining 

 78 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 depreciation period indicate that the asset will not be
recoverable, the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair market value. 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risks
inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the
seniors housing and health care industries. A downturn in the real estate
industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to
sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us. 

 Capitalization
of Construction Period Interest 

 We
capitalize interest costs associated with funds used for the construction of
properties owned directly by us. The amount capitalized is based upon the
balance outstanding during the construction period using the rate of interest
which approximates our cost of financing. We capitalize interest costs related
to construction of real property owned by us. Our interest expense reflected in
the consolidated statements of comprehensive income has been reduced by the
amounts capitalized. 

 Gain on Sale
of Assets 

 We
recognize sales of assets only upon the closing of the transaction with the
purchaser. Payments received from purchasers prior to closing are recorded as
deposits and classified as other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
Gains on assets sold are recognized using the full accrual method upon closing
when (i) the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured, (ii) we
are not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale to earn the
profit, (iii) we have received adequate initial investment from the purchaser and
(iv) other profit recognition criteria have been satisfied. Gains may be
deferred in whole or in part until the sales satisfy the requirements of gain
recognition on sales of real estate. 

 Real Estate
Loans Receivable 

 Real
estate loans receivable consist of mortgage loans and other real estate loans.
Interest income on loans is recognized as earned based upon the principal
amount outstanding subject to an evaluation of collectability risks. The loans
are primarily collateralized by a first, second or third mortgage lien, a leasehold
mortgage on, or an assignment of the partnership interest in, the related
properties, corporate guaranties and/or personal guaranties. 

 Allowance
for Losses on Loans Receivable 

 The
allowance for losses on loans receivable is maintained at a level believed
adequate to absorb potential losses in our loans receivable. The determination
of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of these loans, including
general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. We
evaluate the collectability of our loans receivable based on a combination of
factors, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, historical loan
charge-offs, financial strength of the borrower and guarantors and value of the
underlying collateral. If such factors indicate that there is greater risk of
loan charge-offs, additional allowances or placement on non-accrual status may
be required. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled
according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Consistent
with this definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed impaired. To the
extent circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we
will return these loans to full accrual status. While a loan is on non-accrual
status, any cash receipts are applied against the outstanding principal
balance. 

 Goodwill 

 We
account for goodwill in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Goodwill is tested annually
for impairment and is tested for impairment more frequently if events and
circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is
recognized to the extent that the carrying amount, including goodwill, exceeds
the reporting unit’s fair value and the implied fair value of goodwill is less
than the carrying amount of that goodwill. We have not had any goodwill
impairments. 

 Fair
Value of Derivative Instruments 

 Derivatives
are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities. The
valuation of derivative instruments requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the fair value of the instruments. Fair values of our derivatives
are estimated by pricing models that consider the forward yield curves and discount
rates. The fair value of our forward exchange contracts are estimated by
pricing models that consider foreign currency spot rates, forward trade rates
and discount rates. Such amounts and the recognition of such amounts are
subject to significant estimates that may change in the future. See Note 11
for additional information. 

 Federal
Income Tax 

 We
have elected to be treated as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), commencing with our
first taxable year, and made no provision for federal income tax purposes prior
to our acquisition of our “taxable REIT subsidiaries.” As a result of these as
well as subsequent acquisitions, we now record income tax expense or benefit
with respect to certain of our entities that are taxed as taxable REIT
subsidiaries under provisions similar to those applicable to regular
corporations and not under the REIT provisions. 

 79 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and
liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our
financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, we determine deferred
tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial
reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any
increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change
in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about expected
future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such
changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe
it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset
will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that
results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our
judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included
in the tax provision when such changes occur. See Note 18 for additional
information. 

 Foreign
Currency 

 Certain of
our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are the local currencies of their
respective countries. We translate the results of operations of our foreign
subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using average rates of exchange in effect during
the period, and we translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in
effect at the end of the period. We record resulting currency translation
adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of
stockholders’ equity, on our consolidated balance sheets. We record transaction
gains and losses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

 Earnings Per
Share 

 Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common
stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the
period adjusted for non-vested shares of restricted stock. The computation of
diluted earnings per share is similar to basic earnings per share, except that
the number of shares is increased to include the number of additional common
shares that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive common
shares had been issued. 

 New
Accounting Standards 

 In May
2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting
Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2011-04, “Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820):
Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements
in U.S. GAAP and IFRS” (“ASU 2011-04”), which requires incremental fair value
disclosures in the notes to the financial statements. We have adopted ASU
2011-04 effective January 1, 2012. The adoption of this guidance did not have
a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
operations. 

 In June
2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-05, “Presentation of Comprehensive Income”
(“ASU 2011-05”), which requires entities to present net income and other
comprehensive income in either a single continuous statement or in two
separate, but consecutive, statements of net income and other comprehensive
income. We have adopted ASU 2011-05 effective January 1, 2012 and presented
total comprehensive income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income. Further disclosures including reconciliation from net income to total
comprehensive income will be required on an annual basis. The provisions of
ASU No. 2011-12, “Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the
Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income in ASU 2011-05” delayed the requirement to present certain
reclassifications on the face of the financial statements. 

 Reclassifications 

 Certain
amounts in prior years have been reclassified to conform to current year
presentation. 

 3. Real Property Acquisitions and
Development 

The total purchase price for all properties acquired has been allocated to the
tangible and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities and noncontrolling
interests based upon their respective fair values in accordance with our
accounting policies. The results of operations for
these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated results of operations
since the date of acquisition and are a component of the appropriate segments. 
Transaction costs primarily represent costs incurred with property
acquisitions, including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation
services and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the
fair value of the assets acquired, lease termination fees and other
acquisition-related costs. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we finalized
our purchase price allocation of certain previously reported acquisitions and
there were no material changes from those previously disclosed. 

 80 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Seniors Housing Triple-net Activity 

The following is our purchase price allocations and other seniors housing
triple-net real property investment activity for the periods presented (in
thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Land and land improvements 

 $ 

 87,242 

 $ 

 212,156 

 $ 

 61,290 

 Buildings and improvements 

 984,077 

 3,108,508 

 967,239 

 Receivables and other assets 

 119 

 9,101 

 - 

 Total assets acquired (2) 

 1,071,438 

 3,329,765 

 1,028,529 

 Secured debt 

 (89,881) 

 (93,431) 

 (84,086) 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (3,542) 

 (91,290) 

 (26,345) 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 (93,423) 

 (184,721) 

 (110,431) 

 Capital in excess of par 

 921 

 - 

 - 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (17,215) 

 - 

 - 

 Non-cash acquisition related activity 

 (616) 

 (2,532) 

 (9,922) 

 Cash disbursed for acquisitions 

 961,105 

 3,142,512 

 908,176 

 Construction in progress additions 

 179,684 

 182,626 

 85,993 

 Less: Capitalized interest 

 (6,041) 

 (5,752) 

 (6,396) 

 Cash disbursed for construction in progress 

 173,643 

 176,874 

 79,597 

 Capital improvements to existing properties 

 67,026 

 - 

 21,833 

 Total cash invested in real property, net of cash acquired 

 $ 

 1,201,774 

 $ 

 3,319,386 

 $ 

 1,009,606 

 (1) Includes acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of
 $37,772,000 for which the allocation of the purchase price consideration is
 preliminary and subject to change. 

 (2) Excludes $2,031,000 of cash acquired during the year ended
 December 31, 2012. 

 Seniors
Housing Operating Activity 

Acquisitions of seniors housing operating properties are structured under RIDEA,
which is described in Note 18. This structure results in the inclusion of all
resident revenues and related property operating expenses from the operation of
these qualified health care properties in our consolidated statements of
comprehensive income. Certain of our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are
the local currencies of their respective countries. See Note 2 for information
regarding our foreign currency policies. 

 The
following is a summary of our seniors housing operating real property
investment activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Land and land improvements 

 $ 

 146,332 

 $ 

 112,350 

 $ 

 75,620 

 Buildings and improvements 

 1,341,560 

 1,512,764 

 676,623 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 118,077 

 122,371 

 63,757 

 Restricted cash 

 1,296 

 20,699 

 - 

 Receivables and other assets 

 10,125 

 901 

 16,459 

 Total assets acquired (2) 

 1,617,390 

 1,769,085 

 832,459 

 Secured debt 

 (124,190) 

 (796,272) 

 (305,167) 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (17,347) 

 (44,483) 

 (6,849) 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 (141,537) 

 (840,755) 

 (312,016) 

 Capital in excess of par 

 - 

 (6,017) 

 (43,641) 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (56,884) 

 (69,984) 

 (101,091) 

 Cash disbursed for acquisitions 

 1,418,969 

 852,329 

 375,711 

 Capital improvements to existing properties 

 21,751 

 15,880 

 1,735 

 Total cash invested in real property, net of cash acquired 

 $ 

 1,440,720 

 $ 

 868,209 

 $ 

 377,446 

 (1) Includes acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of
 $1,370,128,000 for which the allocation of the purchase price consideration
 is preliminary and subject to change. 

 (2) Excludes $20,691,000,
 $38,952,000 and $8,532,000 of cash acquired during the years ended December
 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 81 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Medical Facilities Activity 

Accrued contingent consideration related to certain medical facility
acquisitions was $34,692,000 and $39,827,000 as of December 31, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. Of the amount recognized, $12,500,000 is required to be settled
in the Company’s common stock upon the achievement of certain performance
thresholds. The following is a summary of our medical facilities real property
investment activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 

 2010 

 Land and land improvements 

 $ 

 68,619 

 $ 

 48,342 

 $ 

 49,632 

 Buildings and improvements 

 648,409 

 520,976 

 513,152 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 115,233 

 60,609 

 67,929 

 Restricted cash 

 975 

 100 

 - 

 Goodwill (2) 

 - 

 - 

 68,321 

 Receivables and other assets 

 4,469 

 3,053 

 - 

 Total assets acquired (3) 

 837,705 

 633,080 

 699,034 

 Secured debt 

 (267,527) 

 (72,225) 

 (170,255) 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (25,928) 

 (34,214) 

 (75,010) 

 Total liabilities assumed 

 (293,455) 

 (106,439) 

 (245,265) 

 Capital in excess of par 

 - 

 - 

 (2,721) 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (193) 

 (7,211) 

 (10,848) 

 Preferred stock 

 - 

 - 

 (16,667) 

 Non-cash acquisition related activity 

 (880) 

 - 

 - 

 Cash disbursed for acquisitions 

 543,177 

 519,430 

 423,533 

 Construction in progress additions 

 134,830 

 165,593 

 252,595 

 Less: Capitalized interest 

 (3,736) 

 (7,412) 

 (13,924) 

 Accruals 

 (18,327) 

 (33,451) 

 (11,435) 

 Cash disbursed for construction in progress 

 112,767 

 124,730 

 227,236 

 Capital improvements to existing properties 

 46,673 

 24,031 

 36,354 

 Total cash invested in real property, net of cash acquired 

 $ 

 702,617 

 $ 

 668,191 

 $ 

 687,123 

 (1) Includes acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of
 $190,799,000 for which the allocation of the purchase price consideration is
 preliminary and subject to change. 

 (2) Goodwill represents the estimated fair value of the future
 development pipeline expected to be generated. Cash flows from this future
 pipeline are expected to come from development activities and the ability to
 perform the management functions at the assets after the properties are
 developed. 

 (3) Excludes $2,154,000 of cash acquired during the year ended
 December 31, 2011. 

 Construction Activity 

 The following is a summary of the
construction projects that were placed into service and began generating
revenues during the periods presented: 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Development projects: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 146,913 

 $ 

 114,161 

 $ 

 273,034 

 Medical facilities 

 189,135 

 355,935 

 162,376 

 Total development projects 

 336,048 

 470,096 

 435,410 

 Expansion projects 

 4,983 

 45,414 

 3,216 

 Total construction in progress conversions 

 $ 

 341,031 

 $ 

 515,510 

 $ 

 438,626 

 82 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 At December 31, 2012,
future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases (excluding
properties in our seniors housing operating partnerships and excluding any
operating expense reimbursements) are as follows (in thousands): 

 2013 

 $ 

 1,039,427 

 2014 

 980,258 

 2015 

 952,029 

 2016 

 950,079 

 2017 

 929,224 

 Thereafter 

 7,579,800 

 Totals 

 $ 

 12,430,817 

 4. Real Estate Intangibles 

 The following is a summary of our
real estate intangibles, excluding those classified as held for sale, as of the
dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 Assets: 

 In place lease intangibles 

 $ 

 541,729 

 $ 

 332,645 

 Above market tenant leases 

 56,086 

 35,973 

 Below market ground leases 

 61,450 

 51,316 

 Lease commissions 

 14,419 

 8,265 

 Gross historical cost 

 673,684 

 428,199 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (257,242) 

 (148,380) 

 Net book value 

 $ 

 416,442 

 $ 

 279,819 

 Weighted-average amortization period in years 

 16.4 

 17.0 

 Liabilities: 

 Below market tenant leases 

 $ 

 77,036 

 $ 

 67,284 

 Above market ground leases 

 9,490 

 5,020 

 Gross historical cost 

 86,526 

 72,304 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (27,753) 

 (21,387) 

 Net book value 

 $ 

 58,773 

 $ 

 50,917 

 Weighted-average amortization period in years 

 14.3 

 12.3 

 The following is a summary of real estate intangible
amortization for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Rental income related to above/below market tenant leases, net 

 $ 

 1,120 

 $ 

 3,340 

 $ 

 3,829 

 Property operating expenses related to above/below market ground
 leases, net 

 (1,285) 

 (1,161) 

 (1,049) 

 Depreciation and amortization related to in place lease
 intangibles and lease commissions 

 (103,044) 

 (98,856) 

 (18,298) 

 83 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The future
estimated aggregate amortization of intangible assets and liabilities is as
follows for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Assets 

 Liabilities 

 2013 

 $ 

 112,730 

 $ 

 7,200 

 2014 

 62,787 

 6,616 

 2015 

 29,220 

 5,645 

 2016 

 23,201 

 5,233 

 2017 

 23,453 

 4,920 

 Thereafter 

 165,051 

 29,159 

 Totals 

 $ 

 416,442 

 $ 

 58,773 

 5. Dispositions, Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations 

 Impairment of assets as reflected in our consolidated
statements of comprehensive income relate to properties designated as held for
sale and represent the charges necessary to adjust the carrying values to
estimated fair values less costs to sell based on current sales price
expectations. The following is a summary of our real property disposition
activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Real property dispositions: 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 372,378 

 $ 

 150,755 

 $ 

 170,290 

 Medical facilities 

 149,344 

 35,295 

 14,092 

 Total dispositions 

 521,722 

 186,050 

 184,382 

 Add: Gain (loss) on sales of real property, net 

 100,549 

 61,160 

 36,115 

 Seller financing on sales of real property 

 (12,000) 

 - 

 (1,470) 

 Proceeds from real property sales 

 $ 

 610,271 

 $ 

 247,210 

 $ 

 219,027 

 At December 31, 2012, $46,201,000
of sales proceeds is on deposit in an Internal Revenue Code Section 1031
exchange account escrow account with a qualified intermediary. We have
reclassified the income and expenses attributable to all properties sold prior
to or held for sale at December 31, 2012 to discontinued operations. Expenses
include an allocation of interest expense based on property carrying values and
our weighted-average cost of debt. The following illustrates the
reclassification impact as a result of classifying properties as discontinued
operations for the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 79,323 

 $ 

 107,236 

 $ 

 123,945 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense 

 16,217 

 24,626 

 26,982 

 Property operating expenses 

 2,354 

 6,131 

 8,678 

 Provision for depreciation 

 17,697 

 29,723 

 37,378 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

 $ 

 43,055 

 $ 

 46,756 

 $ 

 50,907 

 6.
Real Estate Loans Receivable 

 The
following is a summary of our real estate loans receivable (in thousands): 

 December
 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Mortgage loans 

 $ 

 87,955 

 $ 

 63,934 

 Other real estate loans 

 807,710 

 228,573 

 Totals 

 $ 

 895,665 

 $ 

 292,507 

 84 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following is a summary of our real estate loan activity for the periods
presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Seniors 

 Seniors 

 Seniors 

 Seniors 

 Housing 

 Housing 

 Medical 

 Housing 

 Medical 

 Housing 

 Medical 

 Triple-net 

 Operating (1) 

 Facilities 

 Totals 

 Triple-net 

 Facilities 

 Totals 

 Triple-net 

 Facilities 

 Totals 

 Advances: 

 Investments in new loans 

 $ 

 2,220 

 $ 

 580,834 

 $ 

 38,336 

 $ 

 621,390 

 $ 

 18,541 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 18,541 

 $ 

 9,742 

 $ 

 41,644 

 $ 

 51,386 

 Draws on existing loans 

 41,754 

 - 

 1,950 

 43,704 

 29,752 

 3,184 

 32,936 

 46,113 

 1,236 

 47,349 

 Sub-total 

 43,974 

 580,834 

 40,286 

 665,094 

 48,293 

 3,184 

 51,477 

 55,855 

 42,880 

 98,735 

 Less: Seller financing on property sales 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (1,470) 

 (1,470) 

 Net cash advances on real estate loans 

 43,974 

 580,834 

 40,286 

 665,094 

 48,293 

 3,184 

 51,477 

 55,855 

 41,410 

 97,265 

 Receipts: 

 Loan payoffs 

 10,387 

 - 

 2,168 

 12,555 

 162,705 

 2,943 

 165,648 

 5,619 

 6,233 

 11,852 

 Principal payments on loans 

 19,786 

 - 

 2,679 

 22,465 

 17,856 

 5,307 

 23,163 

 24,203 

 7,440 

 31,643 

 Total receipts on real estate loans 

 30,173 

 - 

 4,847 

 35,020 

 180,561 

 8,250 

 188,811 

 29,822 

 13,673 

 43,495 

 Net advances (receipts) on real estate loans 

 $ 

 13,801 

 $ 

 580,834 

 $ 

 35,439 

 $ 

 630,074 

 $ 

 (132,268) 

 $ 

 (5,066) 

 $ 

 (137,334) 

 $ 

 26,033 

 $ 

 27,737 

 $ 

 53,770 

 (1) Represents loan to Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. that was
 acquired upon merger consummation on January 9, 2013 as discussed in Note 21. 

 The
following is a summary of the allowance for losses on loans receivable for the
periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 (1) 

 2011 (2) 

 2010 (3) 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,276 

 $ 

 5,183 

 Provision for loan losses 

 27,008 

 2,010 

 29,684 

 Charge-offs 

 (27,008) 

 (3,286) 

 (33,591) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,276 

 (1) Provision and charge-off amounts relate to one entrance fee
 community in our seniors housing triple-net segment. 

 (2) Provision and charge-off amounts relate to one hospital in
 our medical facilities segment. 

 (3) Provision and charge-off amounts relate to certain early
 stage seniors housing and CCRC development projects in our seniors housing
 triple-net segment. 

 The following is a summary of our loan impairments
(in thousands): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance of impaired loans at end of year 

 $ 

 4,230 

 $ 

 6,244 

 $ 

 9,691 

 Allowance for loan losses 

 - 

 - 

 1,276 

 Balance of impaired loans not reserved 

 $ 

 4,230 

 $ 

 6,244 

 $ 

 8,415 

 Average impaired loans for the year 

 $ 

 5,237 

 $ 

 7,968 

 $ 

 38,409 

 Interest recognized on impaired loans (1) 

 44 

 - 

 103 

 (1) Represents interest recognized prior to
 placement on non-accrual status. 

 85 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 7. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

 During the year ended December 31,
2010, we entered into a joint venture investment with Forest City Enterprises
(NYSE:FCE.A and FCE.B). We acquired a 49% interest in a seven-building life
science campus located at University Park in Cambridge, Massachusetts, which is
immediately adjacent to the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. At December 31, 2012, our investment of $174,692,000 is recorded as
an investment in unconsolidated entities on the balance sheet. The aggregate
remaining unamortized basis difference of our investment in this joint venture
of $448,000 at December 31, 2012 is primarily attributable to real estate and
related intangible assets and will be amortized over the life of the related
properties and included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated
entities. 

 On December 31, 2010, we formed a
strategic partnership with a national medical office building company whereby
the partnership invested in 17 medical office properties. We own a controlling
interest in 11 properties and consolidate them. Consolidation is based on a
combination of ownership interest and control of operational decision-making
authority. We do not own a controlling interest in six properties and account for
them under the equity method. Our investment in the strategic partnership
provides us access to health systems and includes development and property
management resources. 

 During the three months ended June
30, 2012, we entered into a joint venture with Chartwell Retirement Residences
(TSX:CSH.UN). The portfolio contains 42 properties in Canada, 39 of which are
owned 50% by us and Chartwell, and three of which we wholly own. All properties
are managed by Chartwell. In connection with the 39 properties, we invested
$223,134,000 of cash which was recorded as an investment in unconsolidated
entities on the balance sheet. The 39 properties are accounted for under the
equity method of accounting and do not qualify as VIEs (variable interest
entities). The joint venture is structured under RIDEA. The aggregate remaining
unamortized basis difference of our investment in this joint venture of
$8,656,000 at December 31, 2012 is primarily attributable to transaction costs
that will be amortized over the weighted-average useful life of the related
properties and included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated
entities. 

 The results of operations for these
properties have been included in our consolidated results of operations from
the date of acquisition by the joint ventures and are reflected in our
statements of comprehensive income as income or loss from unconsolidated
entities. The following is a summary of our income from and investments in unconsolidated
entities (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 December
 31, 

 Percentage
 Ownership 

 Properties 

 2012
 Income (loss) 

 2011
 Income (loss) 

 2010
 Income (loss) 

 2012
 Assets 

 2011
 Assets 

 Seniors housing triple-net (1) 

 10%
 to 49% 

 21 

 $ 

 (33) 

 $ 

 (9) 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 34,618 

 $ 

 30,975 

 Seniors housing operating 

 33%
 to 50% 

 39 

 (6,364) 

 (1,531) 

 - 

 217,701 

 15,429 

 Medical facilities 

 36%
 to 49% 

 13 

 8,879 

 7,312 

 6,673 

 186,617 

 195,318 

 Total 

 $ 

 2,482 

 $ 

 5,772 

 $ 

 6,673 

 $ 

 438,936 

 $ 

 241,722 

 (1) Asset amounts include an available-for-sale equity
 investment. See Note 16 for additional information. 

 86 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 8. Customer Concentration 

 The
following table summarizes certain information about our customer concentration
as of December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

 Number
 of 

 Total 

 Percent
 of 

 Concentration by investment: (1) 

 Properties 

 Investment (2) 

 Investment (3) 

 Genesis HealthCare 

 177 

 $ 

 2,682,822 

 15% 

 Sunrise Senior Living 

 10 

 1,087,357 

 6% 

 Merrill Gardens 

 48 

 1,084,536 

 6% 

 Belmont Village 

 19 

 896,692 

 5% 

 Benchmark Senior Living 

 35 

 842,760 

 5% 

 Remaining portfolio 

 684 

 10,828,842 

 63% 

 Totals 

 973 

 $ 

 17,423,009 

 100% 

 _____________________ 

 (1) 
 Genesis is in our seniors housing
triple-net segment whereas the other top five customers are in our seniors
housing operating segment. 

 (2) 
 Excludes our share of investments
in unconsolidated entities. Please see Note 7 for additional information. 

 (3) 
 Investments with our top five
customers comprised 41% of total investments at December 31, 2011. 

 9. Borrowings Under Line of Credit Arrangement and Related Items 

 Please
see Note 21 regarding line of credit activity that occurred subsequent to
December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, we had a $2,000,000,000 unsecured
line of credit arrangement with a consortium of 31 banks with an option to
upsize the facility by up to an additional $500,000,000 through an accordion
feature, allowing for an aggregate commitment of up to $2,500,000,000. The
revolving credit facility was scheduled to expire July 27, 2015. Borrowings
under the agreement are subject to interest payable in periods no longer than
three months at either the agent bank’s prime rate of interest or the
applicable margin over LIBOR interest rate, at our option (1.56% at December
31, 2012). The applicable margin is based on certain of our debt ratings and
was 1.35% at December 31, 2012. In addition, we pay a facility fee annually to
each bank based on the bank’s commitment amount. The facility fee depends on certain
of our debt ratings and was 0.25% at December 31, 2012. Principal is due upon
expiration of the agreement. In addition, at December 31, 2012, we had a
$5,000,000 unsecured revolving demand note undrawn and bearing interest at
1-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points. 

 The
following information relates to aggregate borrowings under our unsecured lines
of credit arrangements for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Balance outstanding at year end 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 610,000 

 $ 

 300,000 

 Maximum amount outstanding at any month end 

 $ 

 897,000 

 $ 

 710,000 

 $ 

 560,000 

 Average amount outstanding (total of daily 

 principal balances divided by days in period) 

 $ 

 191,378 

 $ 

 240,104 

 $ 

 268,762 

 Weighted-average interest rate (actual interest 

 expense divided by average borrowings outstanding) 

 1.80% 

 1.51% 

 1.48% 

 87 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 10. Senior Unsecured Notes and Secured
Debt 

 We may repurchase, redeem or refinance convertible and
non-convertible senior unsecured notes from time to time, taking advantage of
favorable market conditions when available. We may purchase senior notes for
cash through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender
offer or, in some cases, through the early redemption of such securities
pursuant to their terms. The non-convertible senior unsecured notes are
redeemable at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at
a redemption price equal to the sum of (1) the principal amount of the
notes (or portion of such notes) being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon up to the redemption date and (2) any “make-whole” amount
due under the terms of the notes in connection with early redemptions. 
Redemptions and repurchases of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market
conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other
factors. At December 31, 2012, the annual principal payments due on these debt
obligations were as follows (in thousands): 

 Senior 

 Secured 

 Unsecured
 Notes (1,2) 

 Debt
 (1,3) 

 Totals 

 2013 

 $ 

 300,000 

 $ 

 110,034 

 $ 

 410,034 

 2014 

 - 

 204,783 

 204,783 

 2015 (4) 

 501,054 

 224,486 

 725,540 

 2016 

 700,000 

 328,730 

 1,028,730 

 2017 

 450,000 

 320,943 

 770,943 

 Thereafter 

 4,194,403 

 1,122,610 

 5,317,013 

 Totals 

 $ 

 6,145,457 

 $ 

 2,311,586 

 $ 

 8,457,043 

 (1) Amounts represent principal amounts due and do not include
 unamortized premiums/discounts or other fair value adjustments as reflected
 on the consolidated balance sheet. 

 (2) Annual interest rates range from 2.25% to 6.5%, excluding
 the Canadian denominated unsecured term loan. 

 (3) Annual interest rates range from 1.0% to 10.0%. Carrying
 value of the properties securing the debt totaled $3,953,516,000 at December
 31, 2012. 

 (4) On July 30, 2012, we completed funding on a $250,000,000
 Canadian denominated unsecured term loan (approximately $251,054,000 USD at
 exchange rates on December 31, 2012). The loan matures on July 27, 2015 (with
 an option to extend for an additional year at our discretion) and bears
 interest at the Canadian Dealer Offered Rate plus 145 basis points (2.67% at
 December 31, 2012). 

 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2010, we issued
$494,403,000 of 3.00% senior unsecured convertible notes due December 2029,
generating net proceeds of $486,084,000. The notes are convertible, in certain
circumstances, into cash and, if applicable, shares of common stock at an
initial conversion rate of 19.5064 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes,
which represents an initial conversion price of $51.27 per share. In general,
upon conversion, the holder of each note would receive, in respect of the
conversion value of such note, cash up to the principal amount of such note and
common stock for the note’s conversion value in excess of such principal
amount. In addition, on each of December 1, 2014, December 1, 2019
and December 1, 2024, holders may require us to purchase all or a portion
of their notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the notes to be purchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The
notes are bifurcated into a debt component and an equity component since they
may be settled in cash upon conversion. The value of the debt component is
based upon the estimated fair value of a similar debt instrument without the
conversion feature at the time of issuance. The difference between the
contractual principal on the debt and the value allocated to the debt of
$29,925,000 was recorded as an equity component and represents the conversion
feature of the instrument. The excess of the contractual principal amount of
the debt over its estimated fair value is amortized to interest expense using
the effective interest method over the period used to estimate the fair value. 

 The following is
a summary of our senior unsecured note principal activity, excluding the
Canadian denominated unsecured term loan, during the periods presented (dollars
in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 4,464,927 

 5.133% 

 $ 

 3,064,930 

 5.129% 

 $ 

 1,661,853 

 5.557% 

 Debt issued 

 1,800,000 

 3.691% 

 1,400,000 

 5.143% 

 1,844,403 

 4.653% 

 Debt extinguished 

 (76,853) 

 8.000% 

 (3) 

 4.750% 

 (441,326) 

 4.750% 

 Debt redeemed 

 (293,671) 

 4.750% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 5,894,403 

 4.675% 

 $ 

 4,464,927 

 5.133% 

 $ 

 3,064,930 

 5.129% 

 88 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The following is a summary
of our secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in
thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Amount 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 2,108,384 

 5.285% 

 $ 

 1,133,715 

 5.972% 

 $ 

 623,045 

 5.842% 

 Debt issued 

 157,418 

 4.212% 

 116,903 

 5.697% 

 157,156 

 5.454% 

 Debt assumed 

 444,744 

 5.681% 

 940,854 

 4.444% 

 564,656 

 6.089% 

 Debt extinguished 

 (360,403) 

 4.672% 

 (55,317) 

 5.949% 

 (194,493) 

 6.073% 

 Foreign currency 

 187 

 5.637% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 Principal payments 

 (38,744) 

 5.456% 

 (27,771) 

 5.845% 

 (16,649) 

 5.792% 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 2,311,586 

 5.140% 

 $ 

 2,108,384 

 5.285% 

 $ 

 1,133,715 

 5.972% 

 Our debt agreements contain
various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements
require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and
impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and
make investments or acquisitions. As of December 31, 2012, we were in
compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. 

 11. Derivative Instruments 

 We are exposed to various market risks, including
the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. We may elect
to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These
decisions are principally based on our policy to manage the general trend in
interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future
volatility of interest rates. In addition, non-U.S. investments expose us to
the potential losses associated with adverse changes in foreign currency to
U.S. Dollar exchange rates. We elected to manage this risk through the use of
a forward exchange contract and issuing debt in the foreign currency. 

 Interest
Rate Swap Contracts Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 

 For instruments that are designated and qualify
as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the
derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (“OCI”),
and reclassified into earnings in the same period, or periods, during which the
hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative
representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the
assessment of effectiveness are recognized in earnings. As of December 31,
2012, we had one interest rate swap for a total aggregate notional amount of
$11,905,000. The swap hedges interest payments associated with long-term LIBOR
based borrowings and matures on December 31, 2013. Approximately $1,973,000
of losses, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
(“AOCI”), are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 

 Foreign Currency Hedges 

 For instruments that are designated and qualify
as net investment hedges, the variability in the foreign currency to U.S.
dollar of the instrument is recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment
component of OCI. The balance of the cumulative translation adjustment
will be reclassified to earnings when the hedged investment is sold or
substantially liquidated. On February 15, 2012, we entered into a forward
exchange contract to purchase $250,000,000 Canadian Dollars at a fixed rate in
the future. The forward contract was used to limit exposure to
fluctuations in the Canadian Dollar to U.S. Dollar exchange rate associated
with our initial cash investment funded for the Chartwell transaction. On
May 3, 2012, this forward exchange contract was settled for a gain of
$2,772,000, which was reflected on the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, and the proceeds were used to fund our investment. On
May 3, 2012, we also entered into a forward contract to sell $250,000,000
Canadian dollars at a fixed rate on July 31, 2012 to hedge our net investment.
We settled the forward contract on July 31, 2012 with the net loss reflected in
OCI. Upon settlement of the forward contract we entered into a $250,000,000
Canadian Dollar term loan which has been designated as a net investment hedge
of our Chartwell investment and changes in fair value are reported in OCI as no
ineffectiveness is anticipated. 

 On August 30, 2012, we entered into two cross
currency swaps to purchase £125,000,000. The swaps were used to limit
exposure to fluctuations in the Pound Sterling to U.S. Dollar exchange rate
associated with our initial cash investment funded for the Sunrise transaction
discussed in Note 21. The cross currency swaps have been designated as a net
investment hedge, and changes in fair value are reported in OCI as no
ineffectiveness is anticipated. 

 89 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 On September 17,
2012, we entered into two forward exchange contracts to purchase $14,000,000
Canadian Dollars and £23,000,000 at a fixed rate in the future. The
forward contracts were used to limit exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency
associated with future international transactions. 

 The following presents the impact of derivative
instruments on the statement of comprehensive income and OCI for the periods
presented (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended 

 Location 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Gain (loss) on interest rate swap recognized in OCI (effective
 portion) 

 OCI 

 $ 

 3,200 

 $ 

 3,189 

 $ 

 (10,307) 

 Gain (loss) on interest rate swaps reclassified from AOCI into
 income (effective portion) 

 Interest expense 

 (1,596) 

 1,781 

 (2,244) 

 Gain (loss) on forward exchange contracts recognized in income 

 Realized gain 

 1,921 

 - 

 - 

 Gain (loss) on interest rate swaps recognized in income 

 Realized loss 

 (96) 

 - 

 - 

 Gain (loss) on forward exchange contracts designated as net
 investment hedge recognized in OCI 

 OCI 

 (5,134) 

 - 

 - 

 12. Commitments and Contingencies 

 At
December 31, 2012, we had nine outstanding letter of credit obligations
totaling $7,172,000 and expiring between 2013 and 2014. At December 31, 2012,
we had outstanding construction in process of $162,984,000 for leased
properties and were committed to providing additional funds of approximately
$213,255,000 to complete construction. At December 31, 2012, we had contingent
purchase obligations totaling $79,963,000, excluding our Sunrise-related
commitment described in Note 21. These contingent purchase obligations relate
to unfunded capital improvement obligations and contingent obligations on acquisitions.
Rents due from the tenant are increased to reflect the additional investment in
the property. 

 We
evaluate our leases for operating versus capital lease treatment in accordance
with ASC Topic 840 “Leases.” A lease is classified as a capital lease if
it provides for transfer of ownership of the leased asset at the end of the
lease term, contains a bargain purchase option, has a lease term greater than
75% of the economic life of the leased asset, or if the net present value of
the future minimum lease payments are in excess of 90% of the fair value of the
leased asset. Certain leases contain bargain purchase options and have been
classified as capital leases. At December 31, 2012, we had operating lease
obligations of $699,990,000 relating to certain ground leases and Company
office space. We incurred rental expense relating to company office space of $1,534,000,
$1,901,000 and $1,280,000 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. Regarding the ground leases, we have sublease agreements with
certain of our operators that require the operators to reimburse us for our
monthly operating lease obligations. At December 31, 2012, aggregate future
minimum rentals to be received under these noncancelable subleases totaled $47,632,000. 

 At
December 31, 2012, future minimum lease payments due under operating and
capital leases are as follows (in thousands): 

 Operating
 Leases 

 Capital
 Leases (1) 

 2013 

 $ 

 11,046 

 $ 

 73,562 

 2014 

 11,267 

 1,219 

 2015 

 11,072 

 8,984 

 2016 

 11,168 

 559 

 2017 

 11,180 

 559 

 Thereafter 

 644,257 

 970 

 Totals 

 $ 

 699,990 

 $ 

 85,853 

 (1) Amounts above represent principal and interest obligations
 under capital lease arrangements. Related assets with a gross value of
 $186,343,000 and accumulated depreciation of $8,639,000 are recorded in real
 property. 

 90 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 13. Stockholders’ Equity 

 The
following is a summary of our stockholder’s equity capital accounts as of the
dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value: 

 Authorized shares 

 50,000,000 

 50,000,000 

 Issued shares 

 26,224,854 

 25,724,854 

 Outstanding shares 

 26,224,854 

 25,724,854 

 Common Stock, $1.00 par value: 

 Authorized shares 

 400,000,000 

 400,000,000 

 Issued shares 

 260,780,109 

 192,604,918 

 Outstanding shares 

 260,373,754 

 192,275,248 

 Preferred
Stock. The following is a summary of our preferred stock activity during
the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Weighted
 Avg. 

 Shares 

 Dividend
 Rate 

 Shares 

 Dividend
 Rate 

 Shares 

 Dividend
 Rate 

 Beginning balance 

 25,724,854 

 7.013% 

 11,349,854 

 7.663% 

 11,474,093 

 7.697% 

 Shares issued 

 11,500,000 

 6.500% 

 14,375,000 

 6.500% 

 349,854 

 6.000% 

 Shares redeemed 

 (11,000,000) 

 7.716% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 (5,513) 

 7.500% 

 Shares converted 

 - 

 0.000% 

 - 

 0.000% 

 (468,580) 

 7.262% 

 Ending balance 

 26,224,854 

 6.493% 

 25,724,854 

 7.013% 

 11,349,854 

 7.663% 

 91 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 During the three months ended
December 31, 2010, we issued 349,854 shares of 6.00% Series H Cumulative
Convertible and Redeemable Preferred Stock in connection with a business
combination. These shares have a liquidation value of $25.00 per share.
Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. The preferred stock, which has no
stated maturity, may be redeemed by us at a redemption price of $25.00 per
share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares to the redemption date,
on or after December 31, 2015. 

 During the three months ended March
31, 2011, we issued 14,375,000 of 6.50% Series I Cumulative Convertible
Perpetual Preferred Stock. These shares have a liquidation value of $50.00 per
share. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. The preferred stock is not
redeemable by us. The preferred shares are convertible, at the holder’s
option, into 0.8460 shares of common stock (equal to an initial conversion
price of approximately $59.10). 

 During the three months ended March
31, 2012, we issued 11,500,000 of 6.50% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. The preferred stock, which
has no stated maturity, may be redeemed by us at a redemption price of $25.00
per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares to the redemption
date, on or after March 7, 2017. 

 Common Stock . The following
is a summary of our common stock issuances during the periods indicated (dollars
in thousands, except per share amounts): 

 Shares
 Issued 

 Average
 Price 

 Gross
 Proceeds 

 Net
 Proceeds 

 September 2010 public issuance 

 9,200,000 

 $ 

 45.75 

 $ 

 420,900 

 $ 

 403,921 

 December 2010 public issuance 

 11,500,000 

 43.75 

 503,125 

 482,448 

 2010 Dividend reinvestment plan issuances 

 1,957,364 

 43.95 

 86,034 

 86,034 

 2010 Equity shelf program issuances 

 431,082 

 44.94 

 19,371 

 19,013 

 2010 Option exercises 

 129,054 

 31.17 

 4,022 

 4,022 

 2010 Totals 

 23,217,500 

 $ 

 1,033,452 

 $ 

 995,438 

 March 2011 public issuance 

 28,750,000 

 $ 

 49.25 

 $ 

 1,415,938 

 $ 

 1,358,543 

 November 2011 public issuance 

 12,650,000 

 50.00 

 632,500 

 606,595 

 2011 Dividend reinvestment plan issuances 

 2,534,707 

 48.44 

 122,794 

 121,846 

 2011 Equity shelf program issuances 

 848,620 

 50.53 

 42,888 

 41,982 

 2011 Option exercises 

 232,081 

 37.17 

 8,628 

 8,628 

 2011 Totals 

 45,015,408 

 $ 

 2,222,748 

 $ 

 2,137,594 

 February 2012 public issuance 

 20,700,000 

 $ 

 53.50 

 $ 

 1,107,450 

 $ 

 1,062,256 

 August 2012 public issuance 

 13,800,000 

 58.75 

 810,750 

 778,011 

 September 2012 public issuance 

 29,900,000 

 56.00 

 1,674,400 

 1,606,665 

 2012 Dividend reinvestment plan issuances 

 2,136,140 

 56.37 

 120,411 

 120,411 

 2012 Option exercises 

 341,371 

 40.86 

 13,949 

 13,949 

 2012 Senior note conversions 

 1,039,721 

 - 

 - 

 2012 Totals 

 67,917,232 

 $ 

 3,726,960 

 $ 

 3,581,292 

 92 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Dividends . 
The increase in dividends is primarily attributable to increases in our common
and preferred shares outstanding as described above. Please refer to Notes 2
and 18 for information related to federal income tax of dividends. The
following is a summary of our dividend payments (in thousands, except per share
amounts): 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Per
 Share 

 Amount 

 Per
 Share 

 Amount 

 Per
 Share 

 Amount 

 Common Stock 

 $ 

 2.96000 

 $ 

 653,321 

 $ 

 2.83500 

 $ 

 483,746 

 $ 

 2.74000 

 $ 

 348,578 

 Series D Preferred Stock 

 0.50301 

 2,012 

 1.96875 

 7,875 

 1.96875 

 7,875 

 Series E Preferred Stock 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1.12500 

 94 

 Series F Preferred Stock 

 0.48715 

 3,410 

 1.90625 

 13,344 

 1.90625 

 13,344 

 Series G Preferred Stock 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 1.40640 

 332 

 Series H Preferred Stock 

 2.85840 

 1,000 

 2.85840 

 1,000 

 - 

 - 

 Series I Preferred Stock 

 3.25000 

 46,719 

 1.33159 

 38,283 

 - 

 - 

 Series J Preferred Stock 

 1.39038 

 15,988 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Totals 

 $ 

 722,450 

 $ 

 544,248 

 $ 

 370,223 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The following is a summary of accumulated other comprehensive
income/(loss) as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 

 $ 

 (6,957) 

 $ 

 (8,561) 

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on equity investments 

 (216) 

 (619) 

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on foreign currency translation 

 (881) 

 - 

 Unrecognized actuarial gains (losses) 

 (2,974) 

 (2,748) 

 Totals 

 $ 

 (11,028) 

 $ 

 (11,928) 

 Other Equity . Other equity
consists of accumulated option compensation expense, which represents the
amount of amortized compensation costs related to stock options awarded to
employees and directors. Expense, which is recognized as the options vest based
on the market value at the date of the award, totaled $2,875,000, $1,917,000
and $1,634,000 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 14. Stock Incentive Plans 

 Our
Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan authorizes up to 6,200,000
shares of common stock to be issued at the discretion of the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors. The 2005 Plan replaced the 1995 Stock
Incentive Plan and the Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The options
granted to officers and key employees under the 1995 Plan vested through 2010
and expire ten years from the date of grant. Our non-employee directors,
officers and key employees are eligible to participate in the 2005 Plan. The
2005 Plan allows for the issuance of, among other things, stock options,
restricted stock, deferred stock units and dividend equivalent rights. Vesting
periods for options, deferred stock units and restricted shares generally range
from three years for non-employee directors to five years for officers and key
employees. Options expire ten years from the date of grant. 

 Valuation Assumptions 

 The
fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions: 

 93 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Dividend yield 

 5.16% 

 5.74% 

 6.28% 

 Expected volatility 

 35.15% 

 34.80% 

 34.08% 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 1.48% 

 2.87% 

 3.23% 

 Expected life (in years) 

 7.0 

 7.0 

 7.0 

 Weighted-average fair value 

 $11.11 

 $9.60 

 $7.82 

 The dividend yield represented the
dividend yield of our common stock on the dates of grant. Our computation of
expected volatility was based on historical volatility. The risk-free interest
rates used were the 7-year U.S. Treasury Notes yield on the date of grant. The
expected life was based on historical experience of similar awards, giving
consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations
regarding future employee behavior. 

 Option Award Activity 

 The
following table summarizes information about stock option activity for the
periods presented: 

 Year
 Ended 

 December
 31, 2012 

 December
 31, 2011 

 December
 31, 2010 

 Number
 of 

 Weighted 

 Number
 of 

 Weighted 

 Number
 of 

 Weighted 

 Shares 

 Average 

 Shares 

 Average 

 Shares 

 Average 

 Stock Options 

 (000's) 

 Exercise
 Price 

 (000's) 

 Exercise
 Price 

 (000's) 

 Exercise
 Price 

 Options at beginning of year 

 1,252 

 $ 

 42.12 

 1,207 

 $ 

 39.45 

 1,062 

 $ 

 37.71 

 Options granted 

 332 

 57.33 

 289 

 49.17 

 280 

 43.29 

 Options exercised 

 (341) 

 40.11 

 (232) 

 36.92 

 (129) 

 33.58 

 Options terminated 

 (81) 

 51.81 

 (12) 

 43.09 

 (6) 

 37.82 

 Options at end of period 

 1,162 

 $ 

 46.40 

 1,252 

 $ 

 42.12 

 1,207 

 $ 

 39.45 

 Options exercisable at end of period 

 313 

 $ 

 40.82 

 427 

 $ 

 39.45 

 440 

 $ 

 37.76 

 Weighted average fair value of 

 options granted during the period 

 $ 

 11.11 

 $ 

 9.60 

 $ 

 7.82 

 The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2012: 

 Options
 Outstanding 

 Options
 Exercisable 

 Number 

 Weighted 

 Weighted
 Average 

 Number 

 Weighted 

 Weighted
 Average 

 Outstanding 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Exercisable 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Range of Per Share Exercise Prices 

 (thousands) 

 Exercise
 Price 

 Contract
 Life 

 (thousands) 

 Exercise
 Price 

 Contract
 Life 

 $30-$40 

 271 

 $ 

 36.80 

 6.3 

 132 

 $ 

 36.58 

 5.5 

 $40-$50 

 593 

 45.31 

 7.7 

 181 

 43.90 

 6.3 

 $50+ 

 298 

 57.33 

 10.0 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Totals 

 1,162 

 $ 

 $46.40 

 6.9 

 313 

 $ 

 40.82 

 6.0 

 Aggregate intrinsic value 

 $ 

 17,095,000 

 $ 

 6,341,000 

 The aggregate intrinsic value is
calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying
options and the quoted price of our common stock for the options that were in-the-money
at December 31, 2012. During the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under our stock incentive
plans was $6,186,000, $3,390,000 and $1,798,000, respectively (determined as of
the date of option exercise). Cash received from option exercises under our
stock incentive plans was $13,949,000, $8,628,000 and $4,022,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 As of December 31, 2012, there was approximately $5,104,000
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options
granted under our stock incentive plans. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 4 years. As of 

 94 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2012, there was approximately $24,796,000 of
total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock
granted under our stock incentive plans. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 3 years. 

 The following table summarizes information about
non-vested stock incentive awards as of December 31, 2012 and changes for the year
ended December 31, 2012: 

 Stock Options 

 Restricted Stock 

 Number of 

 Weighted-Average 

 Number of 

 Weighted-Average 

 Shares 

 Grant Date 

 Shares 

 Grant Date 

 (000's) 

 Fair Value 

 (000's) 

 Fair Value 

 Non-vested at December 31, 2011 

 825 

 $ 

 7.40 

 508 

 $ 

 44.91 

 Vested 

 (211) 

 6.96 

 (228) 

 47.38 

 Granted 

 332 

 11.11 

 404 

 57.31 

 Terminated 

 (97) 

 7.29 

 (83) 

 42.75 

 Non-vested at December 31, 2012 

 849 

 $ 

 8.97 

 601 

 $ 

 52.60 

 We use the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate the value of stock option
grants and expect to continue to use this acceptable option valuation model. We
recognize compensation cost for share-based grants on a straight-line basis
through the date the awards become fully vested or to the retirement eligible
date, if sooner. Compensation cost totaled $18,521,000, $10,786,000 and
$11,823,000 for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 15. Earnings Per Share 

 The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share (in thousands, except per share data): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Numerator for basic and diluted earnings 

 per share - net income attributable to 

 common stockholders 

 $ 

 221,884 

 $ 

 157,108 

 $ 

 106,882 

 Denominator for basic earnings per 

 share: weighted-average shares 

 224,343 

 173,741 

 127,656 

 Effect of dilutive securities: 

 Employee stock options 

 231 

 176 

 125 

 Non-vested restricted shares 

 312 

 246 

 420 

 Convertible senior unsecured notes 

 1,067 

 238 

 7 

 Dilutive potential common shares 

 1,610 

 660 

 552 

 Denominator for diluted earnings per 

 share: adjusted-weighted average shares 

 225,953 

 174,401 

 128,208 

 Basic earnings per share 

 $ 

 0.99 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.84 

 Diluted earnings per share 

 $ 

 0.98 

 $ 

 0.90 

 $ 

 0.83 

 The diluted
earnings per share calculations exclude the dilutive effect of 182,000, 0 and
280,000 stock options for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, because the
exercise prices were more than the average market price. The Series H
Cumulative Convertible and Redeemable Preferred Stock issued in 2010 was
excluded from the calculations for 2010 and 2011 as the effect of the
conversions was anti-dilutive. The Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual
Preferred Stock issued in 2011 was excluded from the calculations for 2011 and
2012 as the effect of the conversions was anti-dilutive. 

 95 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 16. Disclosure about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments 

 The following methods and
assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial
instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. 

 Mortgage Loans and Other Real Estate Loans Receivable — The fair value of mortgage
loans and other real estate loans receivable is generally estimated by using
level two and level three inputs such as discounting the estimated future cash
flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers
with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents — The carrying amount
approximates fair value. 

 Available-for-sale Equity Investments — Available-for-sale equity
investments are recorded at their fair value based on level one publicly
available trading prices. 

 Borrowings Under Unsecured Line of Credit Arrangements — The carrying amount of the
unsecured line of credit arrangements approximates fair value because the
borrowings are interest rate adjustable. 

 Senior Unsecured Notes — The fair value of the senior unsecured notes
payable was estimated based on level one publicly available trading prices. 

 Secured Debt — The fair value of fixed rate secured debt is estimated
using level two inputs by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the
current rates at which similar loans would be made with similar credit ratings
and for the same remaining maturities. The carrying amount of variable rate
secured debt approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate
adjustable. 

 Interest Rate Swap Agreements — Interest rate swap agreements
are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair market
value. Fair market value is estimated using level two inputs by utilizing
pricing models that consider forward yield curves and discount rates. 

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts — Foreign currency forward
contracts are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair
market value. Fair market value is determined using level two inputs by
estimating the future value of the currency pair based on existing exchange
rates, comprised of current spot and traded forward points, and calculating a
present value of the net amount using a discount factor based on observable
traded interest rates. 

 The carrying amounts and
estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows (in
thousands): 

 December 31, 2012 

 December 31, 2011 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Financial Assets: 

 Mortgage loans receivable 

 $ 

 87,955 

 $ 

 88,975 

 $ 

 63,934 

 $ 

 64,194 

 Other real estate loans receivable 

 807,710 

 820,195 

 228,573 

 231,308 

 Available-for-sale equity investments 

 1,384 

 1,384 

 980 

 980 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 1,033,764 

 1,033,764 

 163,482 

 163,482 

 Financial Liabilities: 

 Borrowings under unsecured lines of credit
 arrangements 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 610,000 

 $ 

 610,000 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 6,114,151 

 6,793,424 

 4,434,107 

 4,709,736 

 Secured debt 

 2,336,196 

 2,515,145 

 2,112,649 

 2,297,278 

 Interest rate swap agreements 

 264 

 264 

 2,854 

 2,854 

 Foreign currency forward contracts 

 7,247 

 7,247 

 - 

 - 

 U.S. GAAP provides authoritative
guidance for measuring and disclosing fair value measurements of assets and
liabilities. The guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance
also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize 

 96 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The guidance describes three
levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

 Level
1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level
2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for
similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Please see
Note 2 for additional information. 

 Level
3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and
that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

 Items Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis 

 The market approach is utilized
to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities reported at fair
value on a recurring basis. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable
assets or liabilities. 

 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2012 

 Total 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Available-for-sale equity investments (1) 

 $ 

 1,384 

 $ 

 1,384 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 Interest rate swap agreements (2) 

 (264) 

 - 

 (264) 

 - 

 Foreign currency forward contract (2) 

 (7,247) 

 - 

 (7,247) 

 - 

 Totals 

 $ 

 (6,127) 

 $ 

 1,384 

 $ 

 (7,511) 

 $ 

 - 

 (1) Unrealized gains or losses on equity
 investments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at
 each measurement date. 

 (2) Please see Note 11 for additional
 information. 

 Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

 In addition to
items that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also have assets
and liabilities in our balance sheet that are measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis. As these assets and liabilities are not measured at fair
value on a recurring basis, they are not included in the tables above. Assets,
liabilities and noncontrolling interests that are measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis include those acquired/assumed in business combinations (see
Note 3) and asset impairments (see Note 5 for impairments of real property and
Note 6 for impairments of loans receivable). We have determined that the fair
value measurements included in each of these assets and liabilities rely
primarily on Company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the use of the
assets and settlement of liabilities, as observable inputs are not available.
As such, we have determined that each of these fair value measurements generally
reside within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair
value of real estate and related intangibles using the income approach and
unobservable data such as net operating income and estimated capitalization and
discount rates. We also consider local and national industry market data
including comparable sales, and commonly engage an external real estate
appraiser to assist us in our estimation of fair value. We estimate the fair
value of assets held for sale based on current sales price expectations or, in
the absence of such price expectations, Level 3 inputs described above. We
estimate the fair value of secured debt assumed in business combinations using
current interest rates at which similar borrowings could be obtained on the
transaction date. 

 97 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 17. Segment Reporting 

 We
invest in seniors housing and health care real estate. We evaluate our business
and make resource allocations on our five operating segments: seniors housing
triple-net, seniors housing operating, medical office buildings, hospitals and
life science. Our seniors housing triple-net properties include skilled
nursing/post-acute facilities, assisted living facilities, independent
living/continuing care retirement communities and combinations thereof. Under
the seniors housing triple-net segment, we invest in seniors housing and health
care real estate through acquisition and financing of primarily single tenant
properties. Properties acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases
and we are not involved in the management of the property. Our seniors housing
operating properties include seniors housing communities that are owned and/or
operated through RIDEA structures (see Note 3). 

 Our
medical facility properties include medical office buildings, hospitals and
life science buildings which are aggregated into our medical facilities
reportable segment. Our medical office buildings are typically leased to
multiple tenants and generally require a certain level of property management.
Our hospital investments are leased and we are not involved in the management
of the property. Our life science investment represents an investment in an
unconsolidated entity (see Note 7). 

 The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the
summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). The results of
operations for all acquisitions described in Note 3 are included in our
consolidated results of operations from the acquisition dates and are
components of the appropriate segments. There are no intersegment sales or
transfers. 

 We
evaluate performance based upon net operating income from continuing operations
(“NOI”) of each segment. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant
reimbursements, less property level operating expenses, which exclude
depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, transaction
costs, provision for loan losses and interest expense. We believe NOI provides investors
relevant and useful information because it measures the operating performance
of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI to
make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level
performance of our properties. 

 Non-segment
revenue consists mainly of interest income on non-real estate investments and
other income. Non-segment assets consist of corporate assets including cash,
deferred loan expenses and corporate offices and equipment among others.
Non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual
segments in determining NOI. 

 Summary
information for the reportable segments (which excludes unconsolidated
entities) during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 is as follows
(in thousands): 

 Year Ended December 31, 2012: 

 Seniors
 Housing Triple-net 

 Seniors
 Housing Operating 

 Medical
 Facilities 

 Non-segment
 / Corporate 

 Total 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 692,807 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 387,462 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,080,269 

 Resident fees and services 

 - 

 697,494 

 - 

 - 

 697,494 

 Interest income 

 24,380 

 6,208 

 8,477 

 - 

 39,065 

 Other income 

 2,412 

 - 

 1,947 

 912 

 5,271 

 Total revenues 

 719,599 

 703,702 

 397,886 

 912 

 1,822,099 

 Property operating expenses 

 - 

 (471,678) 

 (98,439) 

 - 

 (570,117) 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 719,599 

 232,024 

 299,447 

 912 

 1,251,982 

 Reconciling items: 

 Interest expense 

 (4,601) 

 (67,524) 

 (31,540) 

 (263,418) 

 (367,083) 

 (Loss) gain on derivatives, net 

 (96) 

 1,921 

 - 

 - 

 1,825 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (203,987) 

 (165,798) 

 (146,103) 

 - 

 (515,888) 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (97,341) 

 (97,341) 

 Transaction costs 

 (35,705) 

 (12,756) 

 (13,148) 

 - 

 (61,609) 

 (Loss) gain on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (2,405) 

 2,697 

 483 

 - 

 775 

 Provision for loan losses 

 (27,008) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (27,008) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and
 income from unconsolidated entities 

 $ 

 445,797 

 $ 

 (9,436) 

 $ 

 109,139 

 $ 

 (359,847) 

 $ 

 185,653 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 8,447,698 

 $ 

 5,323,777 

 $ 

 4,706,159 

 $ 

 1,071,475 

 $ 

 19,549,109 

 98 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Year Ended December 31, 2011: 

 Seniors
 Housing Triple-net 

 Seniors
 Housing Operating 

 Medical
 Facilities 

 Non-segment
 / Corporate 

 Total 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 546,951 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 274,659 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 821,610 

 Resident fees and services 

 - 

 456,085 

 - 

 - 

 456,085 

 Interest income 

 34,068 

 - 

 7,002 

 - 

 41,070 

 Other income 

 6,620 

 - 

 3,985 

 690 

 11,295 

 Total revenues 

 587,639 

 456,085 

 285,646 

 690 

 1,330,060 

 Property operating expenses 

 - 

 (314,142) 

 (63,597) 

 - 

 (377,739) 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 587,639 

 141,943 

 222,049 

 690 

 952,321 

 Reconciling items: 

 Interest expense 

 (238) 

 (46,342) 

 (21,909) 

 (228,884) 

 (297,373) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (158,882) 

 (138,192) 

 (96,808) 

 - 

 (393,882) 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (77,201) 

 (77,201) 

 Transaction costs 

 (27,993) 

 (36,328) 

 (5,903) 

 - 

 (70,224) 

 (Loss) gain on extinguishment of debt, net 

 - 

 979 

 - 

 - 

 979 

 Provision for loan losses 

 - 

 - 

 (2,010) 

 - 

 (2,010) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and
 income from unconsolidated entities 

 $ 

 400,526 

 $ 

 (77,940) 

 $ 

 95,419 

 $ 

 (305,395) 

 $ 

 112,610 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 7,823,953 

 $ 

 3,041,238 

 $ 

 3,795,940 

 $ 

 263,475 

 $ 

 14,924,606 

 Year Ended December 31, 2010: 

 Seniors
 Housing Triple-net 

 Seniors
 Housing Operating 

 Medical
 Facilities 

 Non-segment
 / Corporate 

 Total 

 Rental income 

 $ 

 283,505 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 195,960 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 479,465 

 Resident fees and services 

 - 

 51,006 

 - 

 - 

 51,006 

 Interest income 

 36,176 

 - 

 4,679 

 - 

 40,855 

 Other income 

 3,386 

 - 

 985 

 2,874 

 7,245 

 Total revenues 

 323,067 

 51,006 

 201,624 

 2,874 

 578,571 

 Property operating expenses 

 - 

 (32,621) 

 (45,166) 

 - 

 (77,787) 

 Net operating income from continuing operations 

 323,067 

 18,385 

 156,458 

 2,874 

 500,784 

 Reconciling items: 

 Interest expense 

 4,524 

 (7,794) 

 (17,579) 

 (113,129) 

 (133,978) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (81,718) 

 (15,504) 

 (67,943) 

 - 

 (165,165) 

 General and administrative 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (54,626) 

 (54,626) 

 Transaction costs 

 (20,612) 

 (20,936) 

 (5,112) 

 - 

 (46,660) 

 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 

 (7,791) 

 - 

 (1,308) 

 (25,072) 

 (34,171) 

 Provision for loan losses 

 (29,684) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 (29,684) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and
 income from unconsolidated entities 

 $ 

 187,786 

 $ 

 (25,849) 

 $ 

 64,516 

 $ 

 (189,953) 

 $ 

 36,500 

 Our portfolio
of properties and other investments are located in the United States, the
United Kingdom and Canada. Revenues and assets are attributed to the country in
which the property is physically located. For the year ended December 31, 2012,
$25,321,000 (or 1.4% of our revenues) and $856,895,000 (or 4.4% of our assets)
were located outside the United States. There were no revenues or assets
located outside the United States for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010. 

 99 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 18. Income
Taxes and Distributions 

 We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing
with our first taxable year. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes, at least 90% of taxable income (excluding 100% of net capital gains)
must be distributed to stockholders. REITs that do not distribute a certain
amount of current year taxable income in the current year are also subject to a
4% federal excise tax. The main differences between undistributed net income
for federal income tax purposes and financial statement purposes are the
recognition of straight-line rent for reporting purposes, basis differences in
acquisitions, recording of impairments, differing useful lives and depreciation
and amortization methods for real property and the provision for loan losses
for reporting purposes versus bad debt expense for tax purposes. 

 Cash distributions paid to common
stockholders, for federal income tax purposes, are as follows for the periods
presented: 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Per Share: 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 

 1.5000 

 $ 

 1.1472 

 $ 

 0.7774 

 Return of capital 

 1.3376 

 1.4227 

 1.7408 

 Long-term capital gains 

 0.1176 

 0.1059 

 0.0190 

 Unrecaptured section 1250 gains 

 0.0048 

 0.1592 

 0.2028 

 Totals 

 $ 

 2.9600 

 $ 

 2.8350 

 $ 

 2.7400 

 Our consolidated provision for income taxes is as
follows for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Current 

 $ 

 4,785 

 $ 

 389 

 $ 

 319 

 Deferred 

 2,827 

 999 

 45 

 Totals 

 $ 

 7,612 

 $ 

 1,388 

 $ 

 364 

 REITs generally are not
subject to U.S. federal income taxes on that portion of REIT taxable income or
capital gain that is distributed to stockholders. For the tax year ended December
31, 2012, as a result of acquisitions located in Canada and the United Kingdom,
we were subject to foreign income taxes under the respective tax laws of these
jurisdictions. The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31,
2012 primarily relates to state taxes, foreign taxes, requirements of ASC
740-10, and taxes on TRS income. 

 For the tax year ended
December 31, 2012, the Canadian and United Kingdom tax expense amount included
in the consolidated provision for income taxes was $596,000. We did not hold
an interest in any entity located in a foreign jurisdiction for the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 A reconciliation of income
tax expense, which is computed by applying the federal corporate tax rate for
the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, to the income tax
provision/(benefit) is as follows for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

 100 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Tax at statutory rate on earnings from continuing operations
 before unconsolidated entities, noncontrolling interests and income taxes 

 $ 

 64,979 

 $ 

 54,750 

 $ 

 26,111 

 Increase in valuation allowance 

 9,234 

 (4,732) 

 317 

 Tax at statutory rate on earnings not subject to federal income
 taxes 

 (72,640) 

 (48,630) 

 (26,064) 

 Other differences 

 6,039 

 - 

 - 

 Totals 

 $ 

 7,612 

 $ 

 1,388 

 $ 

 364 

 Each TRS and foreign entity
subject to income taxes is a tax paying component for purposes of classifying
deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax effects of taxable and deductible
temporary differences, as well as tax attributes, are summarized as follows for
the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Property, primarily differences in depreciation and
 amortization, the tax basis of land assets and the treatment of interests and
 certain costs 

 $ 

 (2,144) 

 $ 

 (1,577) 

 $ 

 (29) 

 Operating loss and interest deduction carryforwards 

 8,552 

 1,488 

 7,080 

 Expense accruals and other 

 4,372 

 5,749 

 1,980 

 Valuation allowance 

 (12,199) 

 (2,965) 

 (7,697) 

 Totals 

 $ 

 (1,419) 

 $ 

 2,695 

 $ 

 1,334 

 At December 31, 2012, we
recorded a valuation allowance related to the deferred tax assets of our U.S.
taxable REIT subsidiaries and Canadian entities. These tax attributes are
carried forward in order to offset taxable income in future years. The
valuation allowances have been established for these assets based upon our
assessment of whether it is more likely than not that such assets may not be
realized. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the valuation allowance
increased primarily due to additional deferred tax assets recorded for Canadian
net operating losses. At December 31, 2012, we had a net operating loss
(“NOL”) carryforward related to Canadian entities of $32,061,000. These
Canadian losses have a 20-year carryforward period. The valuation allowance
rollforward is summarized as follows for the periods presented (dollars in
thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Beginning balance 

 $ 

 2,965 

 $ 

 7,697 

 $ 

 7,380 

 Additions 

 9,234 

 - 

 317 

 Deductions 

 - 

 (4,732) 

 - 

 Ending balance 

 $ 

 12,199 

 $ 

 2,965 

 $ 

 7,697 

 As a result of certain
acquisitions, we are subject to corporate level taxes for any related asset
dispositions that may occur during the ten-year period immediately after such
assets were owned by a C corporation (“built-in gains tax”). The amount of
income potentially subject to this special corporate level tax is generally
equal to the lesser of (a) the excess of the fair value of the asset over its
adjusted tax basis as of the date it became a REIT asset, or (b) the actual
amount of gain. Some but not all gains recognized during this period of time
could be offset by available net operating losses and capital loss
carryforwards. As of December 31, 2012, we have acquired an additional 40
assets with built-in gains as of the date of acquisition that could be subject
to the built-in gains tax if disposed of prior to the expiration of the
applicable ten-year period. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability as a
result of the potential built-in gains tax based on our intentions with respect
to such properties and available tax planning strategies. 

 Under the provisions of the
REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 (“RIDEA”), for taxable
years beginning after July 30, 2008, the REIT may lease “qualified health care
properties” on an arm’s-length basis to a TRS if the property is operated on
behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an “eligible independent
contractor.” Generally, the rent received from the TRS will meet the related
party rent exception and will be treated as “rents from real property.” A
“qualified health care property” includes real property and any personal
property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital,
nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified
continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or
nursing or ancillary services to patients. We have entered into various joint
ventures that were structured under RIDEA. 

 101 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Resident
level rents and related operating expenses for these facilities are reported in
the consolidated financial statements and are subject to federal taxes as the
operations of such facilities are included in a TRS. Certain net operating
loss carryforwards could be utilized to offset taxable income in future years. 

 Generally, we are subject to
audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”)
for the year ended December 31, 2008 and subsequent years and are subject to
audit by state taxing authorities for the year ended December 31, 2007 and
subsequent years. In the future, we will be subject to audit by the Canada
Revenue Agency (“CRA”) and provincial authorities generally for periods
subsequent to our REIT acquisition in May 2012 related to entities acquired or
formed in connection with the acquisition, and by HM Revenue & Customs for
periods subsequent to our REIT acquisition in August 2012 related to entities
acquired or formed in connection with the acquisition. 

 At December 31, 2012, we had
a net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforward related to the REIT of $96,253,000. 
Due to our uncertainty regarding the realization of certain deferred tax
assets, we have not recorded a deferred tax asset related to NOLs generated by
the REIT. These amounts can be used to offset future taxable income (and/or
taxable income for prior years if an audit determines that tax is owed), if
any. The REIT will be entitled to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards
only to the extent that REIT taxable income exceeds our deduction for dividends
paid. The NOL carryforwards will expire through 2032. 

 We apply the rules under ASC
740-10 “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” for uncertain tax positions
using a “more likely than not” recognition threshold for tax positions.
Pursuant to these rules, we will initially recognize the financial statement
effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not, based on the technical
merits of the tax position, that such a position will be sustained upon
examination by the relevant tax authorities. If the tax benefit meets the “more
likely than not” threshold, the measurement of the tax benefit will be based on
our estimate of the ultimate tax benefit to be sustained if audited by the
taxing authority. The following table summarizes the activity related to our
unrecognized tax benefits for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 Gross unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year 

 $ 

 6,098 

 $ 

 - 

 Increases (decreases) in unrecognized tax benefits related to a
 prior year 

 (248) 

 - 

 Increases (decreases) in unrecognized tax benefits related to
 the current year 

 394 

 6,098 

 Lapse in statute of limitations for assessment 

 (146) 

 - 

 Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

 $ 

 6,098 

 $ 

 6,098 

 Of the total $6,098,000 of
total liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2012,
$5,916,000 (exclusive of accrued interest and penalties) relates to the April
1, 2011 Genesis HealthCare Corporation transaction (“Genesis Acquisition”) and
is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheet. As a part of the Genesis Acquisition, we received a full
indemnification from FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC covering income taxes or
other taxes as well as interest and penalties relating to tax positions taken
by FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC prior to the acquisition. Accordingly, an
offsetting indemnification asset is recorded in receivables and other assets on
the consolidated balance sheet. Such indemnification asset is reviewed for
collectability periodically. 

 There is no amount of
unrecognized tax benefits, currently accrued for, that would have a material
impact on the effective tax rate to the extent that would be recognized. There
were insignificant uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2012 for which it
is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits would
decrease during 2013. Interest and penalties totaled $299,000 and $815,000, respectively,
for the year ended December 31, 2012 and are included in income tax expense. 
Of these amounts, $221,000 and $638,000 of interest and penalties,
respectively, relate to the Genesis Acquisition and are offset by the
indemnification asset. 

 19. Retirement
Arrangements 

 Under the retirement plan and trust (the “401(k)
Plan”), eligible employees may make contributions, and we may make matching
contributions and a profit sharing contribution. Our contributions to the
401(k) Plan totaled $2,140,000, $1,558,000 and $1,341,000 in 2012, 2011 and
2010, respectively. 

 We have a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
(“SERP”), a non-qualified defined benefit pension plan, which provides one
executive officer with supplemental deferred retirement benefits. The SERP
provides an opportunity for the participant to receive 

 102 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 retirement
benefits that cannot be paid under our tax-qualified plans because of the
restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. Benefits are based on compensation and length of service and the SERP
is unfunded. Benefit payments are expected to total $4,043,000 during the next
five fiscal years and $2,479,000 thereafter. We use a December 31 measurement
date for the SERP. The accrued liability on our balance sheet for the SERP was
$6,665,000 at December 31, 2012 ($5,623,000 at December 31, 2011). 

 20. Quarterly Results of Operations
(Unaudited) 

 The following is a summary
of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011 (in thousands, except per share data). The sum
of individual quarterly amounts may not agree to the annual amounts included in
the consolidated statements of income due to rounding. 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2012 

 1st
 Quarter 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 3rd
 Quarter (2) 

 4th
 Quarter 

 Revenues - as reported 

 $ 

 435,359 

 $ 

 453,082 

 $ 

 474,139 

 $ 

 500,663 

 Discontinued operations 

 (17,230) 

 (13,194) 

 (10,720) 

 - 

 Revenues - as adjusted (1) 

 $ 

 418,129 

 $ 

 439,888 

 $ 

 463,419 

 $ 

 500,663 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 39,307 

 $ 

 54,735 

 $ 

 37,269 

 $ 

 90,576 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share: 

 Basic 

 $ 

 0.20 

 $ 

 0.26 

 $ 

 0.17 

 $ 

 0.35 

 Diluted 

 0.19 

 0.25 

 0.16 

 0.35 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2011 

 1st
 Quarter 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 3rd
 Quarter (3) 

 4th
 Quarter (4) 

 Revenues - as reported 

 $ 

 255,477 

 $ 

 381,059 

 $ 

 384,786 

 $ 

 407,391 

 Discontinued operations 

 (26,859) 

 (24,361) 

 (24,607) 

 (22,826) 

 Revenues - as adjusted (1) 

 $ 

 228,618 

 $ 

 356,698 

 $ 

 360,179 

 $ 

 384,565 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 

 23,372 

 $ 

 69,847 

 $ 

 36,607 

 $ 

 27,282 

 Net income attributable to common stockholders per share: 

 Basic 

 $ 

 0.15 

 $ 

 0.40 

 $ 

 0.21 

 $ 

 0.15 

 Diluted 

 0.15 

 0.39 

 0.21 

 0.15 

 (1) We have reclassified the income attributable to the
 properties sold prior to or held for sale at December 31, 2012 to
 discontinued operations. See Note 5. 

 (2) The decreases in net income and amounts per share are primarily
 attributable to gains on sales of real estate totaling $32,450,000 for the
 second quarter as compared to $12,827,000 for the third quarter. 

 (3) The decreases in net income and amounts per share are
 primarily attributable to gains on sales of real estate totaling $30,224,000
 for the second quarter as compared to $185,000 for the third quarter. 

 (4) The decreases in net income and amounts per share are
 primarily attributable to impairment charges of $11,992,000. 

 103 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 21.
Subsequent Events 

 Line of Credit Modification 

 On January 8, 2013, we closed a
$2,750,000,000 unsecured line of credit arrangement consisting of a $2,250,000,000
revolver and a $500,000,000 term loan. The facility replaced our existing $2,000,000,000
unsecured line of credit arrangement described in Note 9. The revolver matures
on March 31, 2017, but can be extended for an additional year at our option. 
The term loan matures on March 31, 2016, but can be extended up to two years at
our option. The revolver bears interest at LIBOR plus 117.5 basis points and
has an annual facility fee of 22.5 basis points. The term loan bears interest
at LIBOR plus 135 basis points. We have an option to upsize the facility by up
to an additional $1,000,000,000 through an accordion feature, allowing for
aggregate commitments of up to $3,750,000,000. The facility also allows us to
borrow up to $500,000,000 in alternate currencies. 

 Sunrise Merger 

 In August 2012, we entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Sunrise
Senior Living, Inc. (“Sunrise”), pursuant to which we agreed to acquire Sunrise
in an all-cash merger (the “Merger”) in which Sunrise stockholders would
receive $14.50 in cash for each share of Sunrise common stock. Subsequent to
December 31, 2012, we completed our acquisition of the Sunrise property
portfolio. The total estimated purchase price of approximately $3,281,300,000
(which includes certain seniors housing operating investments that occurred
during the year ended December 31, 2012 and are included in Notes 3 and 6) is
comprised of approximately $3,084,400,000 cash consideration and $133,900,000
of assumed debt (excluding our pro rata share of debt at unconsolidated
entities) and excludes fair value and other purchase price accounting
adjustments. As of December 31, 2012, we were committed to fund an additional
$2,021,400,000 in cash which was sourced from cash on-hand and our new
unsecured line of credit arrangement described above. 

 In connection with the
Merger Agreement, Sunrise agreed to sell its management business and certain
additional assets and liabilities to Red Fox Management, LP (the “Management
Business Buyer”). Immediately prior to our acquisition of the Sunrise property
portfolio on January 9, 2013, the Management Business Buyer acquired the
Sunrise management company for $130,000,000, with the Company investing
$26,000,000 for a 20% ownership interest. The Management Business Buyer will
provide management services to the communities under an incentive-based
management contract. 

 Initial accounting for the entire acquisition is
incomplete as of February 26, 2013 due to the complexity of the transaction. 
No measurement period adjustments were recognized for the year ending December
31, 2012 as the transaction closed after year-end. Pro forma financial
information has not been provided herein due to a lack of sufficient
information at the time of the filing. 

 104 

 HEALTH

CARE REIT, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Item 9. Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 Not applicable. 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 An evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period
covered by this report. 

 Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended). The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management has assessed the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2012 based on the criteria established by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in a report entitled
Internal Control — Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, using
the criteria above, management concluded that the Company’s system of internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012. 

 The independent registered
public accounting firm of Ernst & Young LLP, as auditors of the
Company’s consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report
on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 No change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) occurred during the fourth quarter
of the one-year period covered by this report that materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

 105 

 Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 The Board of Directors and
Shareholders of Health Care REIT, Inc. 

 We have audited Health Care REIT,
Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012, based
on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO
criteria). Health Care REIT, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Health Care REIT, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012,
based on the COSO criteria. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets of Health Care REIT, Inc. as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and
the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 and our
report dated February 26, 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 /s/ Ernst &
Young LLP 

 Toledo, Ohio 

 February
26, 2013 

 Item
9B. Other Information 

 None. 

 106 

 PART III 

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

 The information required by
this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
headings “Election of Directors,” “Executive Officers,” “Board and Committees,”
“Communications with the Board” and “Security Ownership of Directors and
Management and Certain Beneficial Owners — Section 16(a) Compliance”
in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) prior to April 30, 2013. 

 We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct & Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and
employees. The code is posted on the Internet at www.hcreit.com. Any amendment
to, or waivers from, the code that relate to any officer or director of the
Company will be promptly disclosed on the Internet at www.hcreit.com. 

 In addition, the Board has
adopted charters for the Audit, Compensation and Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committees. These charters are posted on the Internet at
www.hcreit.com. 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 The information required by
this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
headings “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report” and
“Director Compensation” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed
with the Commission prior to April 30, 2013. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required by
this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
headings “Security Ownership of Directors and Management and Certain Beneficial
Owners” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our definitive proxy
statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to April 30,
2013. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions and Director Independence 

 The information required by
this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
headings “Board and Committees — Independence and Meetings” and “Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions” in our definitive proxy statement,
which will be filed with the Commission prior to April 30, 2013. 

 Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services 

 The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings
“Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm” and “Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures” in our definitive
proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to
April 30, 2013. 

 107 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) 1. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are included in
Part II, Item 8: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 71 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets –
 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

 72 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 Income — Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 73 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity —
 Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 75 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows — Years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 76 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

 77 

 2. The following Financial Statement Schedules are
included in Item 15(c): 

 III
– Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 IV
– Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 

 3. Exhibit
Index: 

 The information
required by this item is set forth on the Exhibit Index that follows the
Financial Statement Schedules to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 (b) Exhibits: 

 The exhibits
listed on the Exhibit Index are either filed with this Form 10-K or
incorporated by reference in accordance with Rule 12b-32 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

 (c) Financial Statement
Schedules: 

 Financial statement schedules are included
beginning on page 110. 

 108 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

 HEALTH
CARE REIT, INC. 

 By: /s/ George L. Chapman 

 Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed below on February 26, 2013, by the following person on behalf of
the Company and in the capacities indicated. 

 /s/ 
 William C. Ballard, Jr.** 

 /s/ 
 Jeffrey R. Otten** 

 William
 C. Ballard, Jr., Director 

 Jeffrey
 R. Otten, Director 

 /s/ 
 Thomas J. Derosa** 

 /s/ 
 Judith C. Pelham** 

 Thomas
 J. DeRosa, Director 

 Judith
 C. Pelham, Director 

 /s/ 
 Jeffrey H. Donahue** 

 /s/ 
 R. Scott Trumbull** 

 Jeffrey
 H. Donahue, Director 

 R.
 Scott Trumbull, Director 

 /s/ 
 Peter J. Grua** 

 /s/ 
 George L. Chapman 

 Peter
 J. Grua, Director 

 George
 L. Chapman, Chairman, Chief Executive 

 Officer,
 President and Director 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

 /s/ 
 Fred S. Klipsch** 

 /s/ 
 Scott A. Estes** 

 Fred
 S. Klipsch, Director 

 Scott
 A. Estes, Executive Vice President and Chief 

 Financial
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 /s/ 
 Sharon M. Oster** 

 /s/ 
 Paul D. Nungester, Jr.** 

 Sharon
 M. Oster, Director 

 Paul
 D. Nungester, Jr., Senior Vice President and 

 Controller
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 **By: /s/ 
 George L. Chapman 

 George
 L. Chapman, Attorney-in-Fact 

 109 

 Health Care REIT, Inc. 

 Schedule III 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 December 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in
 thousands) 

 Initial Cost to Company 

 Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Building & Improvements 

 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Building & Improvements 

 Accumulated Depreciation (1) 

 Year Acquired 

 Year Built 

 Seniors housing
 triple-net: 

 Aboite Twp, IN 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 1,770 

 $ 

 19,930 

 $ 

 1,601 

 $ 

 1,770 

 $ 

 21,531 

 $ 

 1,222 

 2010 

 2008 

 Agawam, MA 

 - 

 880 

 16,112 

 2,134 

 880 

 18,246 

 5,213 

 2002 

 1993 

 Agawam, MA 

 - 

 1,230 

 13,618 

 289 

 1,230 

 13,906 

 709 

 2011 

 1975 

 Agawam, MA 

 - 

 930 

 15,304 

 229 

 930 

 15,533 

 762 

 2011 

 1970 

 Agawam, MA 

 - 

 920 

 10,661 

 36 

 920 

 10,697 

 556 

 2011 

 1985 

 Agawam, MA 

 - 

 920 

 10,562 

 45 

 920 

 10,607 

 551 

 2011 

 1967 

 Akron, OH 

 - 

 290 

 8,219 

 491 

 290 

 8,710 

 1,821 

 2005 

 1961 

 Akron, OH 

 - 

 630 

 7,535 

 229 

 630 

 7,764 

 1,414 

 2006 

 1915 

 Alliance, OH 

 - 

 270 

 7,723 

 107 

 270 

 7,830 

 1,539 

 2006 

 1982 

 Amelia Island, FL 

 - 

 3,290 

 24,310 

 20,122 

 3,288 

 44,434 

 6,432 

 2005 

 1998 

 Ames, IA 

 - 

 330 

 8,870 

 - 

 330 

 8,870 

 639 

 2010 

 1999 

 Anderson, SC 

 - 

 710 

 6,290 

 419 

 710 

 6,709 

 1,955 

 2003 

 1986 

 Andover, MA 

 - 

 1,310 

 12,647 

 27 

 1,310 

 12,674 

 679 

 2011 

 1985 

 Annapolis, MD 

 - 

 1,010 

 24,825 

 50 

 1,010 

 24,876 

 1,185 

 2011 

 1993 

 Ansted, WV 

 - 

 240 

 14,113 

 43 

 240 

 14,156 

 662 

 2011 

 1982 

 Asheboro, NC 

 - 

 290 

 5,032 

 165 

 290 

 5,197 

 1,340 

 2003 

 1998 

 Asheville, NC 

 - 

 204 

 3,489 

 - 

 204 

 3,489 

 1,375 

 1999 

 1999 

 Asheville, NC 

 - 

 280 

 1,955 

 351 

 280 

 2,306 

 669 

 2003 

 1992 

 Aspen Hill, MD 

 - 

 - 

 9,008 

 457 

 - 

 9,465 

 482 

 2011 

 1988 

 Aurora, OH 

 - 

 1,760 

 14,148 

 41 

 1,760 

 14,189 

 811 

 2011 

 2002 

 Aurora, CO 

 - 

 2,600 

 5,906 

 7,915 

 2,600 

 13,821 

 2,915 

 2006 

 1988 

 Aurora, CO 

 - 

 2,440 

 28,172 

 - 

 2,440 

 28,172 

 4,425 

 2006 

 2007 

 Austin, TX 

 9,934 

 730 

 18,970 

 - 

 730 

 18,970 

 2,931 

 2007 

 2006 

 Aventura, FL 

 - 

 4,540 

 33,986 

 - 

 4,540 

 33,986 

 305 

 2012 

 2001 

 Avon, IN 

 - 

 1,830 

 14,470 

 - 

 1,830 

 14,470 

 1,089 

 2010 

 2004 

 Avon Lake, OH 

 - 

 790 

 10,421 

 32 

 790 

 10,452 

 622 

 2011 

 2001 

 Ayer, MA 

 - 

 - 

 22,074 

 3 

 - 

 22,077 

 1,056 

 2011 

 1988 

 Baltic, OH 

 - 

 50 

 8,709 

 189 

 50 

 8,898 

 1,716 

 2006 

 1983 

 Baltimore, MD 

 - 

 1,350 

 14,884 

 321 

 1,350 

 15,204 

 754 

 2011 

 1905 

 Baltimore, MD 

 - 

 900 

 5,039 

 90 

 900 

 5,129 

 302 

 2011 

 1969 

 Bartlesville, OK 

 - 

 100 

 1,380 

 - 

 100 

 1,380 

 634 

 1996 

 1995 

 Baytown, TX 

 9,317 

 450 

 6,150 

 - 

 450 

 6,150 

 1,883 

 2002 

 2000 

 Baytown, TX 

 - 

 540 

 11,110 

 - 

 540 

 11,110 

 1,009 

 2009 

 2008 

 Beachwood, OH 

 - 

 1,260 

 23,478 

 - 

 1,260 

 23,478 

 7,182 

 2001 

 1990 

 Beattyville, KY 

 - 

 100 

 6,900 

 660 

 100 

 7,560 

 1,489 

 2005 

 1972 

 Bedford, NH 

 - 

 2,250 

 28,831 

 5 

 2,250 

 28,836 

 1,371 

 2011 

 1978 

 Bellevue, WI 

 - 

 1,740 

 18,260 

 571 

 1,740 

 18,831 

 3,207 

 2006 

 2004 

 Benbrook, TX 

 - 

 1,550 

 13,553 

 - 

 1,550 

 13,553 

 589 

 2011 

 1984 

 Bethel Park, PA 

 - 

 1,700 

 16,007 

 - 

 1,700 

 16,007 

 1,650 

 2007 

 2009 

 Bluefield, VA 

 - 

 900 

 12,463 

 32 

 900 

 12,495 

 611 

 2011 

 1990 

 Boca Raton, FL 

 - 

 1,440 

 31,048 

 - 

 1,440 

 31,048 

 275 

 2012 

 1989 

 Boonville, IN 

 - 

 190 

 5,510 

 - 

 190 

 5,510 

 1,654 

 2002 

 2000 

 Bradenton, FL 

 - 

 252 

 3,298 

 - 

 252 

 3,298 

 1,531 

 1996 

 1995 

 Bradenton, FL 

 3,031 

 480 

 9,953 

 - 

 480 

 9,953 

 132 

 2012 

 2000 

 Braintree, MA 

 - 

 170 

 7,157 

 1,290 

 170 

 8,447 

 7,669 

 1997 

 1968 

 Brandon, MS 

 - 

 1,220 

 10,241 

 - 

 1,220 

 10,241 

 608 

 2010 

 1999 

 Bremerton, WA 

 - 

 390 

 2,210 

 144 

 390 

 2,354 

 364 

 2006 

 1999 

 Bremerton, WA 

 - 

 830 

 10,420 

 150 

 830 

 10,570 

 649 

 2010 

 1984 

 Brick, NJ 

 - 

 1,290 

 25,247 

 102 

 1,290 

 25,349 

 904 

 2011 

 2000 

 Brick, NJ 

 - 

 1,170 

 17,372 

 223 

 1,179 

 17,586 

 910 

 2010 

 1998 

 Brick, NJ 

 - 

 690 

 17,125 

 51 

 690 

 17,176 

 880 

 2010 

 1999 

 Bridgewater, NJ 

 - 

 1,850 

 3,050 

 - 

 1,850 

 3,050 

 997 

 2004 

 1970 

 Bridgewater, NJ 

 - 

 1,730 

 48,201 

 260 

 1,739 

 48,452 

 2,479 

 2010 

 1999 

 Bridgewater, NJ 

 - 

 1,800 

 31,810 

 40 

 1,800 

 31,850 

 1,124 

 2011 

 2001 

 Broadview Heights,
 OH 

 - 

 920 

 12,400 

 2,393 

 920 

 14,793 

 3,945 

 2001 

 1984 

 Brookline, MA 

 - 

 2,760 

 9,217 

 2,540 

 2,760 

 11,757 

 554 

 2011 

 1984 

 Brooklyn Park, MD 

 - 

 1,290 

 16,329 

 29 

 1,290 

 16,358 

 808 

 2011 

 1973 

 Burleson, TX 

 - 

 670 

 13,985 

 - 

 670 

 13,985 

 630 

 2011 

 1988 

 Burlington, NC 

 - 

 280 

 4,297 

 707 

 280 

 5,004 

 1,270 

 2003 

 2000 

 Burlington, NC 

 - 

 460 

 5,467 

 - 

 460 

 5,467 

 1,428 

 2003 

 1997 

 Burlington, NJ 

 - 

 1,700 

 12,554 

 382 

 1,700 

 12,936 

 716 

 2011 

 1965 

 Burlington, NJ 

 - 

 1,170 

 19,205 

 167 

 1,170 

 19,372 

 820 

 2011 

 1994 

 Byrdstown, TN 

 - 

 - 

 2,414 

 269 

 - 

 2,683 

 1,414 

 2004 

 1982 

 Cambridge, MD 

 - 

 490 

 15,843 

 207 

 490 

 16,050 

 767 

 2011 

 1990 

 Canton, MA 

 - 

 820 

 8,201 

 263 

 820 

 8,464 

 3,125 

 2002 

 1993 

 Canton, OH 

 - 

 300 

 2,098 

 - 

 300 

 2,098 

 819 

 1998 

 1998 

 Cape Coral, FL 

 - 

 530 

 3,281 

 - 

 530 

 3,281 

 989 

 2002 

 2000 

 Cape Coral, FL 

 9,387 

 760 

 18,868 

 - 

 760 

 18,868 

 254 

 2012 

 2009 

 Carmel, IN 

 - 

 2,370 

 57,175 

 421 

 2,370 

 57,596 

 6,749 

 2006 

 2007 

 Cary, NC 

 - 

 1,500 

 4,350 

 986 

 1,500 

 5,336 

 1,926 

 1998 

 1996 

 Catonsville, MD 

 - 

 1,330 

 15,003 

 549 

 1,330 

 15,552 

 759 

 2011 

 1973 

 Cedar Grove, NJ 

 - 

 1,830 

 10,939 

 10 

 1,830 

 10,949 

 567 

 2011 

 1964 

 Cedar Grove, NJ 

 - 

 2,850 

 27,737 

 21 

 2,850 

 27,757 

 1,352 

 2011 

 1970 

 Centreville, MD (2) 

 - 

 600 

 14,602 

 - 

 600 

 14,602 

 726 

 2011 

 1978 

 Chapel Hill, NC 

 - 

 354 

 2,646 

 783 

 354 

 3,429 

 993 

 2002 

 1997 

 Charles Town, WV 

 - 

 230 

 22,834 

 29 

 230 

 22,863 

 1,057 

 2011 

 1997 

 Charleston, WV 

 - 

 440 

 17,575 

 47 

 440 

 17,622 

 823 

 2011 

 1998 

 Charleston, WV 

 - 

 410 

 5,430 

 13 

 410 

 5,444 

 287 

 2011 

 1979 

 Chelmsford, MA 

 - 

 1,040 

 10,951 

 1,499 

 1,040 

 12,450 

 2,734 

 2003 

 1997 

 Chicago, IL 

 - 

 1,800 

 19,256 

 - 

 1,800 

 19,256 

 313 

 2012 

 2005 

 Chicago, IL 

 - 

 2,900 

 17,016 

 - 

 2,900 

 17,016 

 280 

 2012 

 2007 

 Chickasha, OK 

 - 

 85 

 1,395 

 - 

 85 

 1,395 

 635 

 1996 

 1996 

 Cinnaminson, NJ 

 - 

 860 

 6,663 

 149 

 860 

 6,812 

 375 

 2011 

 1965 

 Claremore, OK 

 - 

 155 

 1,427 

 1 

 155 

 1,428 

 630 

 1996 

 1996 

 Clark
 Summit, PA 

 - 

 600 

 11,179 

 15 

 600 

 11,194 

 576 

 2011 

 1985 

 Clark Summit, PA 

 - 

 400 

 6,529 

 54 

 400 

 6,583 

 344 

 2011 

 1997 

 Clarksville, TN 

 - 

 330 

 2,292 

 - 

 330 

 2,292 

 887 

 1998 

 1998 

 Cleburne, TX 

 - 

 520 

 5,369 

 - 

 520 

 5,369 

 799 

 2006 

 2007 

 Cleveland, TN 

 - 

 350 

 5,000 

 122 

 350 

 5,122 

 1,684 

 2001 

 1987 

 Clinton, MD 

 - 

 2,330 

 20,876 

 - 

 2,330 

 20,876 

 345 

 2012 

 1988 

 Cloquet, MN 

 - 

 340 

 4,660 

 - 

 340 

 4,660 

 165 

 2011 

 2006 

 Colchester, CT 

 - 

 980 

 4,860 

 495 

 980 

 5,355 

 313 

 2011 

 1986 

 Colts Neck, NJ 

 - 

 780 

 14,733 

 347 

 920 

 14,940 

 795 

 2010 

 2002 

 Columbia, TN 

 - 

 341 

 2,295 

 - 

 341 

 2,295 

 899 

 1999 

 1999 

 Columbia, TN 

 - 

 590 

 3,787 

 - 

 590 

 3,787 

 1,303 

 2003 

 1974 

 Columbia, SC 

 - 

 2,120 

 4,860 

 5,709 

 2,120 

 10,569 

 2,527 

 2003 

 2000 

 Columbia Heights, MN 

 - 

 825 

 14,175 

 - 

 825 

 14,175 

 469 

 2011 

 2009 

 Columbus, IN 

 - 

 610 

 3,190 

 - 

 610 

 3,190 

 235 

 2010 

 1998 

 Columbus, IN 

 - 

 530 

 6,710 

 - 

 530 

 6,710 

 1,863 

 2002 

 2001 

 Columbus, OH 

 - 

 530 

 5,170 

 8,255 

 1,070 

 12,885 

 2,533 

 2005 

 1968 

 Columbus, OH 

 - 

 1,010 

 5,022 

 - 

 1,010 

 5,022 

 1,084 

 2006 

 1983 

 Columbus, OH 

 - 

 1,010 

 4,931 

 13,620 

 1,860 

 17,701 

 3,412 

 2006 

 1978 

 Concord, NC 

 - 

 550 

 3,921 

 55 

 550 

 3,976 

 1,151 

 2003 

 1997 

 Concord, NH 

 - 

 780 

 18,423 

 378 

 780 

 18,801 

 867 

 2011 

 1972 

 Concord, NH 

 - 

 1,760 

 43,179 

 545 

 1,760 

 43,724 

 2,021 

 2011 

 1994 

 Concord, NH 

 - 

 720 

 3,041 

 203 

 720 

 3,245 

 188 

 2011 

 1905 

 Conroe, TX 

 - 

 980 

 7,771 

 - 

 980 

 7,771 

 592 

 2009 

 2010 

 Conyers, GA 

 - 

 2,740 

 19,302 

 - 

 2,740 

 19,302 

 171 

 2012 

 1998 

 Corpus Christi, TX 

 - 

 400 

 1,916 

 - 

 400 

 1,916 

 604 

 2005 

 1985 

 Cortland, NY 

 - 

 700 

 18,041 

 - 

 700 

 18,041 

 117 

 2012 

 2001 

 Daniels, WV 

 - 

 200 

 17,320 

 49 

 200 

 17,370 

 808 

 2011 

 1986 

 Danville, VA 

 - 

 410 

 3,954 

 722 

 410 

 4,676 

 1,238 

 2003 

 1998 

 Daphne, AL 

 - 

 2,880 

 8,670 

 - 

 2,880 

 8,670 

 155 

 2012 

 2001 

 Dedham, MA 

 - 

 1,360 

 9,830 

 - 

 1,360 

 9,830 

 3,168 

 2002 

 1996 

 DeForest, WI 

 - 

 250 

 5,350 

 354 

 250 

 5,704 

 840 

 2007 

 2006 

 Defuniak Springs, FL 

 - 

 1,350 

 10,250 

 - 

 1,350 

 10,250 

 1,867 

 2006 

 1980 

 Denton, TX 

 - 

 1,760 

 8,305 

 - 

 1,760 

 8,305 

 272 

 2010 

 2011 

 Denver, CO 

 - 

 2,530 

 9,514 

 - 

 2,530 

 9,514 

 1,965 

 2005 

 1986 

 Denver, CO 

 - 

 3,650 

 14,906 

 1,605 

 3,650 

 16,511 

 2,565 

 2006 

 1987 

 Denver, CO 

 - 

 2,076 

 13,594 

 - 

 2,076 

 13,594 

 1,146 

 2007 

 2009 

 Dover, DE 

 - 

 400 

 7,717 

 38 

 400 

 7,755 

 396 

 2011 

 1997 

 Dover, DE 

 - 

 600 

 22,266 

 90 

 600 

 22,356 

 1,063 

 2011 

 1984 

 Drescher, PA 

 - 

 2,060 

 40,236 

 159 

 2,067 

 40,388 

 2,063 

 2010 

 2001 

 Dundalk, MD (2) 

 - 

 1,770 

 32,047 

 - 

 1,770 

 32,047 

 1,532 

 2011 

 1978 

 Durham, NC 

 - 

 1,476 

 10,659 

 2,196 

 1,476 

 12,855 

 8,207 

 1997 

 1999 

 East Brunswick, NJ 

 - 

 1,380 

 34,229 

 87 

 1,380 

 34,315 

 1,198 

 2011 

 1998 

 East Norriston, PA 

 - 

 1,200 

 28,129 

 285 

 1,210 

 28,404 

 1,474 

 2010 

 1988 

 Easton, MD 

 - 

 900 

 24,539 

 - 

 900 

 24,539 

 1,205 

 2011 

 1962 

 Easton, PA 

 - 

 285 

 6,315 

 - 

 285 

 6,315 

 3,579 

 1993 

 1959 

 Eatontown, NJ 

 - 

 1,190 

 23,358 

 67 

 1,190 

 23,426 

 1,138 

 2011 

 1996 

 Eden, NC 

 - 

 390 

 4,877 

 - 

 390 

 4,877 

 1,294 

 2003 

 1998 

 Edmond, OK 

 - 

 410 

 8,388 

 - 

 410 

 8,388 

 210 

 2012 

 2001 

 Elizabeth City, NC 

 - 

 200 

 2,760 

 2,011 

 200 

 4,771 

 1,592 

 1998 

 1999 

 Elizabethton, TN 

 - 

 310 

 4,604 

 336 

 310 

 4,940 

 1,658 

 2001 

 1980 

 Englewood, NJ 

 - 

 930 

 4,514 

 17 

 930 

 4,531 

 242 

 2011 

 1966 

 Englishtown, NJ 

 - 

 690 

 12,520 

 401 

 722 

 12,890 

 683 

 2010 

 1997 

 Erin, TN 

 - 

 440 

 8,060 

 134 

 440 

 8,194 

 2,581 

 2001 

 1981 

 Everett, WA 

 - 

 1,400 

 5,476 

 - 

 1,400 

 5,476 

 2,037 

 1999 

 1999 

 Fair Lawn, NJ 

 - 

 2,420 

 24,504 

 159 

 2,420 

 24,663 

 1,190 

 2011 

 1962 

 Fairfield, CA 

 - 

 1,460 

 14,040 

 1,548 

 1,460 

 15,588 

 4,337 

 2002 

 1998 

 Fairhope, AL 

 - 

 570 

 9,119 

 - 

 570 

 9,119 

 162 

 2012 

 1987 

 Fall River, MA 

 - 

 620 

 5,829 

 4,856 

 620 

 10,685 

 3,953 

 1996 

 1973 

 Fall River, MA 

 - 

 920 

 34,715 

 208 

 920 

 34,923 

 1,655 

 2011 

 1993 

 Fanwood, NJ 

 - 

 2,850 

 55,175 

 121 

 2,850 

 55,296 

 1,904 

 2011 

 1982 

 Fayetteville, GA 

 - 

 560 

 12,665 

 - 

 560 

 12,665 

 110 

 2012 

 1994 

 Fayetteville, NY 

 - 

 410 

 3,962 

 500 

 410 

 4,462 

 1,316 

 2001 

 1997 

 Findlay, OH 

 - 

 200 

 1,800 

 - 

 200 

 1,800 

 762 

 1997 

 1997 

 Fishers, IN 

 - 

 1,500 

 14,500 

 - 

 1,500 

 14,500 

 1,090 

 2010 

 2000 

 Florence, NJ 

 - 

 300 

 2,978 

 - 

 300 

 2,978 

 893 

 2002 

 1999 

 Flourtown, PA 

 - 

 1,800 

 14,830 

 108 

 1,800 

 14,938 

 737 

 2011 

 1908 

 Flower Mound, TX 

 - 

 1,800 

 8,414 

 - 

 1,800 

 8,414 

 - 

 2011 

 - 

 Follansbee, WV 

 - 

 640 

 27,670 

 44 

 640 

 27,714 

 1,305 

 2011 

 1982 

 Forest City, NC 

 - 

 320 

 4,497 

 - 

 320 

 4,497 

 1,205 

 2003 

 1999 

 Fort Ashby, WV 

 - 

 330 

 19,566 

 123 

 330 

 19,689 

 906 

 2011 

 1980 

 Franconia, NH 

 - 

 360 

 11,320 

 69 

 360 

 11,390 

 549 

 2011 

 1971 

 Franklin, NH 

 - 

 430 

 15,210 

 46 

 430 

 15,255 

 729 

 2011 

 1990 

 Fredericksburg, VA 

 - 

 1,000 

 20,000 

 1,200 

 1,000 

 21,200 

 4,133 

 2005 

 1999 

 Fredericksburg, VA 

 - 

 590 

 28,611 

 35 

 590 

 28,646 

 1,339 

 2011 

 1977 

 Fredericksburg, VA 

 - 

 3,700 

 22,016 

 - 

 3,700 

 22,016 

 143 

 2012 

 1992 

 Gardner, MA 

 - 

 480 

 10,210 

 27 

 480 

 10,237 

 517 

 2011 

 1902 

 Gastonia, NC 

 - 

 470 

 6,129 

 - 

 470 

 6,129 

 1,591 

 2003 

 1998 

 Gastonia, NC 

 - 

 310 

 3,096 

 22 

 310 

 3,118 

 866 

 2003 

 1994 

 Gastonia, NC 

 - 

 400 

 5,029 

 120 

 400 

 5,149 

 1,346 

 2003 

 1996 

 Georgetown, TX 

 - 

 200 

 2,100 

 - 

 200 

 2,100 

 876 

 1997 

 1997 

 Gettysburg, PA 

 - 

 590 

 8,913 

 26 

 590 

 8,938 

 475 

 2011 

 1987 

 Glastonbury, CT 

 - 

 1,950 

 9,532 

 595 

 2,360 

 9,717 

 513 

 2011 

 1966 

 Glen Mills, PA 

 - 

 690 

 9,110 

 165 

 690 

 9,275 

 467 

 2011 

 1993 

 Glenside, PA 

 - 

 1,940 

 16,867 

 24 

 1,940 

 16,891 

 832 

 2011 

 1905 

 Goshen, IN 

 - 

 210 

 6,120 

 - 

 210 

 6,120 

 1,255 

 2005 

 2006 

 Graceville, FL 

 - 

 150 

 13,000 

 - 

 150 

 13,000 

 2,302 

 2006 

 1980 

 Grafton, WV 

 - 

 280 

 18,824 

 37 

 280 

 18,861 

 875 

 2011 

 1986 

 Granbury, TX 

 - 

 2,040 

 30,670 

 - 

 2,040 

 30,670 

 1,365 

 2011 

 2009 

 Granbury, TX 

 - 

 2,550 

 2,940 

 - 

 2,550 

 2,940 

 26 

 2012 

 1996 

 Grand Blanc, MI 

 - 

 700 

 7,843 

 - 

 700 

 7,843 

 - 

 2011 

 - 

 Grand Ledge, MI 

 8,178 

 1,150 

 16,286 

 - 

 1,150 

 16,286 

 908 

 2010 

 1999 

 Granger, IN 

 - 

 1,670 

 21,280 

 1,751 

 1,670 

 23,031 

 1,313 

 2010 

 2009 

 Greendale, WI 

 - 

 2,060 

 35,383 

 - 

 2,060 

 35,383 

 707 

 2012 

 1988 

 Greeneville, TN 

 - 

 400 

 8,290 

 507 

 400 

 8,797 

 2,122 

 2004 

 1979 

 Greenfield, WI 

 - 

 600 

 6,626 

 328 

 600 

 6,954 

 994 

 2006 

 2006 

 Greensboro, NC 

 - 

 330 

 2,970 

 554 

 330 

 3,524 

 956 

 2003 

 1996 

 Greensboro,
 NC 

 - 

 560 

 5,507 

 1,013 

 560 

 6,520 

 1,755 

 2003 

 1997 

 Greenville, SC 

 - 

 310 

 4,750 

 - 

 310 

 4,750 

 1,153 

 2004 

 1997 

 Greenville, SC 

 - 

 5,400 

 100,523 

 1,997 

 5,400 

 102,520 

 8,077 

 2006 

 2009 

 Greenville, NC 

 - 

 290 

 4,393 

 168 

 290 

 4,561 

 1,177 

 2003 

 1998 

 Greenwood, IN 

 - 

 1,550 

 22,770 

 81 

 1,550 

 22,851 

 1,344 

 2010 

 2007 

 Groton, CT 

 - 

 2,430 

 19,941 

 739 

 2,430 

 20,680 

 1,053 

 2011 

 1975 

 Haddonfield, NJ 

 - 

 520 

 2,320 

 160 

 520 

 2,480 

 1,668 

 2011 

 1953 

 Hamburg, PA 

 - 

 840 

 10,543 

 142 

 840 

 10,685 

 584 

 2011 

 1966 

 Hamilton, NJ 

 - 

 440 

 4,469 

 - 

 440 

 4,469 

 1,330 

 2001 

 1998 

 Hanover, IN 

 - 

 210 

 4,430 

 - 

 210 

 4,430 

 1,108 

 2004 

 2000 

 Harleysville, PA 

 - 

 960 

 11,355 

 - 

 960 

 11,355 

 1,089 

 2008 

 2009 

 Harriman, TN 

 - 

 590 

 8,060 

 158 

 590 

 8,218 

 2,757 

 2001 

 1972 

 Hatboro, PA 

 - 

 - 

 28,112 

 890 

 - 

 29,002 

 1,329 

 2011 

 1996 

 Hattiesburg, MS 

 - 

 450 

 15,518 

 35 

 450 

 15,553 

 818 

 2010 

 2009 

 Haverford, PA 

 - 

 1,880 

 33,993 

 387 

 1,882 

 34,378 

 1,750 

 2010 

 2000 

 Hemet, CA 

 - 

 870 

 3,405 

 - 

 870 

 3,405 

 499 

 2007 

 1996 

 Hermitage, TN 

 - 

 1,500 

 9,856 

 8 

 1,500 

 9,863 

 409 

 2011 

 2006 

 Hickory, NC 

 - 

 290 

 987 

 232 

 290 

 1,219 

 443 

 2003 

 1994 

 High Point, NC 

 - 

 560 

 4,443 

 793 

 560 

 5,236 

 1,393 

 2003 

 2000 

 High Point, NC 

 - 

 370 

 2,185 

 410 

 370 

 2,595 

 739 

 2003 

 1999 

 High Point, NC 

 - 

 330 

 3,395 

 28 

 330 

 3,423 

 918 

 2003 

 1994 

 High Point, NC 

 - 

 430 

 4,143 

 - 

 430 

 4,143 

 1,101 

 2003 

 1998 

 Highland Park, IL 

 - 

 2,820 

 15,832 

 - 

 2,820 

 15,832 

 35 

 2011 

 2012 

 Highlands Ranch, CO 

 - 

 940 

 3,721 

 - 

 940 

 3,721 

 1,132 

 2002 

 1999 

 Hilltop, WV 

 - 

 480 

 25,355 

 15 

 480 

 25,370 

 1,198 

 2011 

 1977 

 Hollywood, FL 

 - 

 1,240 

 13,806 

 - 

 1,240 

 13,806 

 124 

 2012 

 2001 

 Homestead, FL 

 - 

 2,750 

 11,750 

 - 

 2,750 

 11,750 

 2,129 

 2006 

 1994 

 Houston, TX 

 9,931 

 860 

 18,715 

 - 

 860 

 18,715 

 2,642 

 2007 

 2006 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 5,090 

 9,471 

 - 

 5,090 

 9,471 

 1,014 

 2007 

 2009 

 Houston, TX 

 10,288 

 630 

 5,970 

 750 

 630 

 6,720 

 1,989 

 2002 

 1995 

 Howell, NJ 

 10,299 

 1,050 

 21,703 

 150 

 1,064 

 21,839 

 1,140 

 2010 

 2007 

 Huntington, WV 

 - 

 800 

 32,261 

 126 

 800 

 32,387 

 1,530 

 2011 

 1976 

 Huron, OH 

 - 

 160 

 6,088 

 1,452 

 160 

 7,540 

 1,389 

 2005 

 1983 

 Hurricane, WV 

 - 

 620 

 21,454 

 805 

 620 

 22,258 

 1,041 

 2011 

 1986 

 Hutchinson, KS 

 - 

 600 

 10,590 

 194 

 600 

 10,784 

 2,317 

 2004 

 1997 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 - 

 495 

 6,287 

 22,565 

 495 

 28,852 

 5,663 

 2006 

 1981 

 Indianapolis, IN 

 - 

 255 

 2,473 

 12,123 

 255 

 14,596 

 2,697 

 2006 

 1981 

 Jackson, NJ 

 - 

 6,500 

 26,405 

 - 

 6,500 

 26,405 

 171 

 2012 

 2001 

 Jacksonville Beach,
 FL 

 - 

 1,210 

 26,207 

 - 

 1,210 

 26,207 

 226 

 2012 

 1999 

 Jamestown, TN 

 - 

 - 

 6,707 

 45 

 - 

 6,752 

 3,912 

 2004 

 1966 

 Jefferson, OH 

 - 

 80 

 9,120 

 - 

 80 

 9,120 

 1,858 

 2006 

 1984 

 Jupiter, FL 

 - 

 3,100 

 47,453 

 - 

 3,100 

 47,453 

 303 

 2012 

 2002 

 Kalida, OH 

 - 

 480 

 8,173 

 - 

 480 

 8,173 

 1,285 

 2006 

 2007 

 Keene, NH 

 - 

 530 

 9,639 

 284 

 530 

 9,923 

 385 

 2011 

 1980 

 Kenner, LA 

 - 

 1,100 

 10,036 

 328 

 1,100 

 10,364 

 6,550 

 1998 

 2000 

 Kennesaw, GA 

 - 

 940 

 10,848 

 - 

 940 

 10,848 

 99 

 2012 

 1998 

 Kennett Square, PA 

 - 

 1,050 

 22,946 

 49 

 1,060 

 22,985 

 1,186 

 2010 

 2008 

 Kenosha, WI 

 - 

 1,500 

 9,139 

 - 

 1,500 

 9,139 

 971 

 2007 

 2009 

 Kent, WA 

 - 

 940 

 20,318 

 10,470 

 940 

 30,788 

 3,651 

 2007 

 2000 

 Kirkland, WA 

 - 

 1,880 

 4,315 

 683 

 1,880 

 4,998 

 1,143 

 2003 

 1996 

 Laconia, NH 

 - 

 810 

 14,434 

 483 

 810 

 14,916 

 711 

 2011 

 1968 

 Lake Barrington, IL 

 - 

 3,400 

 66,179 

 - 

 3,400 

 66,179 

 421 

 2012 

 2000 

 Lake Zurich, IL 

 - 

 1,470 

 9,830 

 - 

 1,470 

 9,830 

 459 

 2011 

 2007 

 Lakewood Ranch, FL 

 - 

 650 

 6,714 

 - 

 650 

 6,714 

 117 

 2011 

 2012 

 Lakewood Ranch, FL 

 7,569 

 1,000 

 22,388 

 - 

 1,000 

 22,388 

 295 

 2012 

 2005 

 Lancaster, PA 

 - 

 890 

 7,623 

 80 

 890 

 7,702 

 419 

 2011 

 1928 

 Lancaster, NH 

 - 

 430 

 15,804 

 161 

 430 

 15,964 

 757 

 2011 

 1981 

 Lancaster, NH 

 - 

 160 

 434 

 28 

 160 

 462 

 42 

 2011 

 1905 

 Langhorne, PA 

 - 

 1,350 

 24,881 

 117 

 1,350 

 24,998 

 1,221 

 2011 

 1979 

 Lapeer, MI 

 - 

 220 

 7,625 

 - 

 220 

 7,625 

 82 

 2011 

 2012 

 LaPlata, MD (2) 

 - 

 700 

 19,068 

 - 

 700 

 19,068 

 935 

 2011 

 1984 

 Lawrence, KS 

 3,797 

 250 

 8,716 

 - 

 250 

 8,716 

 114 

 2012 

 1996 

 Lebanon, NH 

 - 

 550 

 20,138 

 64 

 550 

 20,202 

 962 

 2011 

 1985 

 Lecanto, FL 

 - 

 200 

 6,900 

 - 

 200 

 6,900 

 1,607 

 2004 

 1986 

 Lee, MA 

 - 

 290 

 18,135 

 926 

 290 

 19,061 

 5,582 

 2002 

 1998 

 Leicester, England 

 - 

 6,897 

 30,240 

 - 

 6,897 

 30,240 

 - 

 2012 

 - 

 Lenoir, NC 

 - 

 190 

 3,748 

 641 

 190 

 4,389 

 1,161 

 2003 

 1998 

 Leominster, MA 

 - 

 530 

 6,201 

 25 

 530 

 6,226 

 348 

 2011 

 1966 

 Lewisburg, WV 

 - 

 260 

 3,699 

 70 

 260 

 3,769 

 210 

 2011 

 1995 

 Lexington, NC 

 - 

 200 

 3,900 

 1,015 

 200 

 4,915 

 1,389 

 2002 

 1997 

 Lexington, KY 

 - 

 1,850 

 11,977 

 - 

 1,850 

 11,977 

 - 

 2011 

 - 

 Libertyville, IL 

 - 

 6,500 

 40,024 

 - 

 6,500 

 40,024 

 1,848 

 2011 

 2001 

 Lincoln, NE 

 5,131 

 390 

 13,807 

 - 

 390 

 13,807 

 964 

 2010 

 2000 

 Linwood, NJ 

 - 

 800 

 21,984 

 429 

 800 

 22,413 

 1,178 

 2010 

 1997 

 Litchfield, CT 

 - 

 1,240 

 17,908 

 102 

 1,250 

 18,000 

 933 

 2010 

 1998 

 Little Neck, NY 

 - 

 3,350 

 38,461 

 426 

 3,355 

 38,882 

 2,008 

 2010 

 2000 

 Loganville, GA 

 - 

 1,430 

 22,912 

 - 

 1,430 

 22,912 

 215 

 2012 

 1997 

 Longview, TX 

 - 

 610 

 5,520 

 - 

 610 

 5,520 

 831 

 2006 

 2007 

 Longwood, FL 

 - 

 1,260 

 6,445 

 - 

 1,260 

 6,445 

 222 

 2011 

 2011 

 Louisville, KY 

 - 

 490 

 10,010 

 - 

 490 

 10,010 

 2,650 

 2005 

 1978 

 Louisville, KY 

 - 

 430 

 7,135 

 163 

 430 

 7,298 

 2,443 

 2002 

 1974 

 Louisville, KY 

 - 

 350 

 4,675 

 109 

 350 

 4,784 

 1,637 

 2002 

 1975 

 Lowell, MA 

 - 

 1,070 

 13,481 

 92 

 1,070 

 13,573 

 694 

 2011 

 1975 

 Lowell, MA 

 - 

 680 

 3,378 

 30 

 680 

 3,408 

 213 

 2011 

 1969 

 Lutherville, MD 

 - 

 1,100 

 19,786 

 1,579 

 1,100 

 21,365 

 969 

 2011 

 1988 

 Macungie, PA 

 - 

 960 

 29,033 

 17 

 960 

 29,049 

 1,364 

 2011 

 1994 

 Mahwah, NJ 

 - 

 785 

 - 

 - 

 785 

 - 

 - 

 2012 

 Manahawkin, NJ 

 - 

 1,020 

 20,361 

 122 

 1,020 

 20,483 

 991 

 2011 

 1994 

 Manalapan, NJ 

 - 

 900 

 22,624 

 56 

 900 

 22,680 

 795 

 2011 

 2001 

 Manassas, VA 

 - 

 750 

 7,446 

 530 

 750 

 7,976 

 1,875 

 2003 

 1996 

 Mansfield, TX 

 - 

 660 

 5,251 

 - 

 660 

 5,251 

 800 

 2006 

 2007 

 Marianna, FL 

 - 

 340 

 8,910 

 - 

 340 

 8,910 

 1,573 

 2006 

 1997 

 Marietta, GA 

 - 

 1,270 

 10,519 

 - 

 1,270 

 10,519 

 94 

 2012 

 1997 

 Marlinton, WV 

 - 

 270 

 8,430 

 - 

 270 

 8,430 

 418 

 2011 

 1987 

 Marmet,
 WV 

 - 

 540 

 26,483 

 - 

 540 

 26,483 

 1,225 

 2011 

 1986 

 Martinsburg, WV 

 - 

 340 

 17,180 

 31 

 340 

 17,211 

 802 

 2011 

 1987 

 Martinsville, VA 

 - 

 349 

 - 

 - 

 349 

 - 

 - 

 2003 

 Matawan, NJ 

 - 

 1,830 

 20,618 

 - 

 1,830 

 20,618 

 589 

 2011 

 1965 

 Matthews, NC 

 - 

 560 

 4,738 

 - 

 560 

 4,738 

 1,295 

 2003 

 1998 

 McConnelsville, OH 

 - 

 190 

 7,060 

 - 

 190 

 7,060 

 514 

 2010 

 1946 

 McHenry, IL 

 - 

 1,576 

 - 

 - 

 1,576 

 - 

 - 

 2006 

 McHenry, IL 

 - 

 3,550 

 15,300 

 6,718 

 3,550 

 22,018 

 3,105 

 2006 

 2004 

 McKinney, TX 

 - 

 1,570 

 7,389 

 - 

 1,570 

 7,389 

 592 

 2009 

 2010 

 McMurray, PA 

 - 

 1,440 

 15,805 

 1,894 

 1,440 

 17,699 

 489 

 2010 

 2011 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 7,070 

 48,257 

 12,990 

 7,070 

 61,247 

 4,901 

 2007 

 2009 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 2,540 

 21,319 

 - 

 2,540 

 21,319 

 503 

 2010 

 2012 

 Melville, NY 

 - 

 4,280 

 73,283 

 722 

 4,282 

 74,003 

 3,762 

 2010 

 2001 

 Memphis, TN 

 - 

 940 

 5,963 

 - 

 940 

 5,963 

 1,733 

 2004 

 1951 

 Memphis, TN 

 - 

 390 

 9,660 

 1,600 

 390 

 11,260 

 652 

 2010 

 1981 

 Mendham, NJ 

 - 

 1,240 

 27,169 

 375 

 1,240 

 27,544 

 1,281 

 2011 

 1968 

 Menomonee Falls, WI 

 - 

 1,020 

 6,984 

 - 

 1,020 

 6,984 

 980 

 2006 

 2007 

 Mercerville, NJ 

 - 

 860 

 9,929 

 109 

 860 

 10,039 

 518 

 2011 

 1967 

 Meriden, CT 

 - 

 1,300 

 1,472 

 5 

 1,300 

 1,477 

 158 

 2011 

 1968 

 Merrillville, IN 

 - 

 643 

 7,084 

 3,526 

 643 

 10,610 

 6,112 

 1997 

 1999 

 Merrillville, IN 

 - 

 1,080 

 3,413 

 - 

 1,080 

 3,413 

 195 

 2010 

 2011 

 Middleburg Heights,
 OH 

 - 

 960 

 7,780 

 - 

 960 

 7,780 

 1,735 

 2004 

 1998 

 Middleton, WI 

 - 

 420 

 4,006 

 600 

 420 

 4,606 

 1,229 

 2001 

 1991 

 Middletown, RI 

 - 

 1,480 

 19,703 

 - 

 1,480 

 19,703 

 970 

 2011 

 1975 

 Midland, MI 

 - 

 200 

 11,025 

 39 

 200 

 11,064 

 598 

 2010 

 1994 

 Milford, DE 

 - 

 400 

 7,816 

 40 

 400 

 7,855 

 400 

 2011 

 1997 

 Milford, DE 

 - 

 680 

 19,216 

 56 

 680 

 19,273 

 940 

 2011 

 1905 

 Millersville, MD 

 - 

 680 

 1,020 

 25 

 680 

 1,045 

 411 

 2011 

 1962 

 Millville, NJ 

 - 

 840 

 29,944 

 85 

 840 

 30,030 

 1,433 

 2011 

 1986 

 Missoula, MT 

 - 

 550 

 7,490 

 377 

 550 

 7,867 

 1,503 

 2005 

 1998 

 Monmouth Junction,
 NJ 

 - 

 720 

 6,209 

 57 

 720 

 6,266 

 341 

 2011 

 1996 

 Monroe, NC 

 - 

 470 

 3,681 

 648 

 470 

 4,329 

 1,175 

 2003 

 2001 

 Monroe, NC 

 - 

 310 

 4,799 

 857 

 310 

 5,656 

 1,446 

 2003 

 2000 

 Monroe, NC 

 - 

 450 

 4,021 

 114 

 450 

 4,135 

 1,119 

 2003 

 1997 

 Monroe Twp, NJ 

 - 

 1,160 

 13,193 

 75 

 1,160 

 13,268 

 690 

 2011 

 1996 

 Monteagle, TN 

 - 

 310 

 3,318 

 - 

 310 

 3,318 

 1,061 

 2003 

 1980 

 Monterey, TN 

 - 

 - 

 4,195 

 410 

 - 

 4,605 

 2,454 

 2004 

 1977 

 Montville, NJ 

 - 

 3,500 

 31,002 

 135 

 3,500 

 31,137 

 1,112 

 2011 

 1988 

 Moorestown, NJ 

 - 

 2,060 

 51,628 

 267 

 2,063 

 51,892 

 2,668 

 2010 

 2000 

 Morehead City, NC 

 - 

 200 

 3,104 

 1,648 

 200 

 4,752 

 1,593 

 1999 

 1999 

 Morgantown, KY 

 - 

 380 

 3,705 

 615 

 380 

 4,320 

 1,128 

 2003 

 1965 

 Morgantown, WV 

 - 

 190 

 15,633 

 - 

 190 

 15,633 

 414 

 2011 

 1997 

 Morton Grove, IL 

 - 

 1,900 

 19,374 

 - 

 1,900 

 19,374 

 568 

 2010 

 2011 

 Mount Airy, NC 

 - 

 270 

 6,430 

 290 

 270 

 6,720 

 1,199 

 2005 

 1998 

 Mountain City, TN 

 - 

 220 

 5,896 

 660 

 220 

 6,556 

 3,568 

 2001 

 1976 

 Mt. Vernon, WA 

 - 

 400 

 2,200 

 156 

 400 

 2,356 

 375 

 2006 

 2001 

 Myrtle Beach, SC 

 - 

 6,890 

 41,526 

 11,498 

 6,890 

 53,024 

 4,281 

 2007 

 2009 

 Nacogdoches, TX 

 - 

 390 

 5,754 

 - 

 390 

 5,754 

 857 

 2006 

 2007 

 Naperville, IL 

 - 

 3,470 

 29,547 

 - 

 3,470 

 29,547 

 1,390 

 2011 

 2001 

 Naples, FL 

 - 

 550 

 5,450 

 - 

 550 

 5,450 

 1,361 

 2004 

 1968 

 Nashville, TN 

 - 

 4,910 

 29,590 

 - 

 4,910 

 29,590 

 3,567 

 2008 

 2007 

 Naugatuck, CT 

 - 

 1,200 

 15,826 

 99 

 1,200 

 15,924 

 781 

 2011 

 1980 

 Needham, MA 

 - 

 1,610 

 13,715 

 366 

 1,610 

 14,081 

 4,576 

 2002 

 1994 

 Neenah, WI 

 - 

 630 

 15,120 

 - 

 630 

 15,120 

 1,032 

 2010 

 1991 

 New Braunfels, TX 

 - 

 1,200 

 19,800 

 - 

 1,200 

 19,800 

 933 

 2011 

 2009 

 New Haven, IN 

 - 

 176 

 3,524 

 - 

 176 

 3,524 

 1,046 

 2004 

 1981 

 Newark, DE 

 - 

 560 

 21,220 

 1,488 

 560 

 22,708 

 4,595 

 2004 

 1998 

 Newport, VT 

 - 

 290 

 3,867 

 - 

 290 

 3,867 

 211 

 2011 

 1967 

 Norman, OK 

 - 

 55 

 1,484 

 - 

 55 

 1,484 

 751 

 1995 

 1995 

 Norman, OK 

 11,524 

 1,480 

 33,330 

 - 

 1,480 

 33,330 

 431 

 2012 

 1985 

 Norristown, PA 

 - 

 1,200 

 19,488 

 1,135 

 1,200 

 20,623 

 948 

 2011 

 1995 

 North Andover, MA 

 - 

 950 

 21,817 

 54 

 950 

 21,870 

 1,047 

 2011 

 1977 

 North Andover, MA 

 - 

 1,070 

 17,341 

 1,293 

 1,070 

 18,634 

 879 

 2011 

 1990 

 North Augusta, SC 

 - 

 332 

 2,558 

 - 

 332 

 2,558 

 990 

 1999 

 1998 

 North Cape May, NJ 

 - 

 600 

 22,266 

 36 

 600 

 22,302 

 1,062 

 2011 

 1995 

 Oak Hill, WV 

 - 

 240 

 24,506 

 - 

 240 

 24,506 

 1,132 

 2011 

 1988 

 Oak Hill, WV 

 - 

 170 

 721 

 - 

 170 

 721 

 73 

 2011 

 1999 

 Ocala, FL 

 - 

 1,340 

 10,564 

 - 

 1,340 

 10,564 

 973 

 2008 

 2009 

 Ogden, UT 

 - 

 360 

 6,700 

 699 

 360 

 7,399 

 1,534 

 2004 

 1998 

 Oklahoma City, OK 

 - 

 590 

 7,513 

 - 

 590 

 7,513 

 932 

 2007 

 2008 

 Oklahoma City, OK 

 - 

 760 

 7,017 

 - 

 760 

 7,017 

 767 

 2007 

 2009 

 Omaha, NE 

 - 

 370 

 10,230 

 - 

 370 

 10,230 

 730 

 2010 

 1998 

 Omaha, NE 

 4,419 

 380 

 8,864 

 - 

 380 

 8,864 

 654 

 2010 

 1999 

 Oneonta, NY 

 - 

 80 

 5,020 

 - 

 80 

 5,020 

 679 

 2007 

 1996 

 Ormond Beach, FL 

 - 

 - 

 2,739 

 73 

 - 

 2,812 

 1,495 

 2002 

 1983 

 Orwigsburg, PA 

 - 

 650 

 20,632 

 134 

 650 

 20,766 

 999 

 2011 

 1992 

 Oshkosh, WI 

 - 

 900 

 3,800 

 3,687 

 900 

 7,487 

 1,272 

 2006 

 2005 

 Oshkosh, WI 

 - 

 400 

 23,237 

 - 

 400 

 23,237 

 2,424 

 2007 

 2008 

 Overland Park, KS 

 - 

 1,120 

 8,360 

 - 

 1,120 

 8,360 

 1,763 

 2005 

 1970 

 Overland Park, KS 

 - 

 3,730 

 27,076 

 340 

 3,730 

 27,416 

 2,317 

 2008 

 2009 

 Overland Park, KS 

 - 

 4,500 

 29,105 

 7,295 

 4,500 

 36,400 

 2,007 

 2010 

 1988 

 Owasso, OK 

 - 

 215 

 1,380 

 - 

 215 

 1,380 

 608 

 1996 

 1996 

 Owensboro, KY 

 - 

 240 

 6,760 

 37 

 240 

 6,797 

 1,528 

 1993 

 1966 

 Owensboro, KY 

 - 

 225 

 13,275 

 - 

 225 

 13,275 

 2,912 

 2005 

 1964 

 Owenton, KY 

 - 

 100 

 2,400 

 - 

 100 

 2,400 

 647 

 2005 

 1979 

 Oxford, MI 

 11,710 

 1,430 

 15,791 

 - 

 1,430 

 15,791 

 906 

 2010 

 2001 

 Palestine, TX 

 - 

 180 

 4,320 

 1,300 

 180 

 5,620 

 890 

 2006 

 2005 

 Palm Coast, FL 

 - 

 870 

 10,957 

 - 

 870 

 10,957 

 877 

 2008 

 2010 

 Panama City Beach,
 FL 

 - 

 900 

 7,717 

 9 

 900 

 7,726 

 322 

 2011 

 2005 

 Paris, TX 

 - 

 490 

 5,452 

 - 

 490 

 5,452 

 2,240 

 2005 

 2006 

 Parkersburg,
 WV 

 - 

 390 

 21,288 

 643 

 390 

 21,931 

 1,012 

 2011 

 1979 

 Parkville, MD 

 - 

 1,350 

 16,071 

 212 

 1,350 

 16,284 

 801 

 2011 

 1980 

 Parkville, MD 

 - 

 791 

 11,186 

 - 

 791 

 11,186 

 571 

 2011 

 1972 

 Parkville, MD 

 - 

 1,100 

 11,768 

 - 

 1,100 

 11,768 

 595 

 2011 

 1972 

 Pasadena, TX 

 9,955 

 720 

 24,080 

 - 

 720 

 24,080 

 3,664 

 2007 

 2005 

 Paso Robles, CA 

 - 

 1,770 

 8,630 

 693 

 1,770 

 9,323 

 2,656 

 2002 

 1998 

 Pawleys Island, SC 

 - 

 2,020 

 32,590 

 6,022 

 2,020 

 38,612 

 6,600 

 2005 

 1997 

 Pella, IA 

 - 

 870 

 6,716 

 - 

 870 

 6,716 

 59 

 2012 

 2002 

 Pennington, NJ 

 - 

 1,380 

 27,620 

 426 

 1,420 

 28,006 

 860 

 2011 

 2000 

 Pennsauken, NJ 

 - 

 900 

 10,780 

 179 

 900 

 10,959 

 602 

 2011 

 1985 

 Petoskey, MI 

 6,293 

 860 

 14,452 

 - 

 860 

 14,452 

 739 

 2011 

 1997 

 Philadelphia, PA 

 - 

 2,700 

 25,709 

 333 

 2,700 

 26,041 

 1,259 

 2011 

 1976 

 Philadelphia, PA 

 - 

 2,930 

 10,433 

 2,642 

 2,930 

 13,075 

 632 

 2011 

 1952 

 Philadelphia, PA 

 - 

 540 

 11,239 

 62 

 540 

 11,302 

 532 

 2011 

 1965 

 Philadelphia, PA 

 - 

 1,810 

 16,898 

 32 

 1,810 

 16,931 

 902 

 2011 

 1972 

 Phillipsburg, NJ 

 - 

 800 

 21,175 

 193 

 800 

 21,368 

 1,044 

 2011 

 1992 

 Phillipsburg, NJ 

 - 

 300 

 8,114 

 38 

 300 

 8,151 

 399 

 2011 

 1905 

 Pigeon Forge, TN 

 - 

 320 

 4,180 

 117 

 320 

 4,297 

 1,510 

 2001 

 1986 

 Pinehurst, NC 

 - 

 290 

 2,690 

 484 

 290 

 3,174 

 892 

 2003 

 1998 

 Piqua, OH 

 - 

 204 

 1,885 

 - 

 204 

 1,885 

 755 

 1997 

 1997 

 Pittsburgh, PA 

 - 

 1,750 

 8,572 

 115 

 1,750 

 8,687 

 1,899 

 2005 

 1998 

 Plainview, NY 

 - 

 3,990 

 11,969 

 94 

 3,990 

 12,064 

 480 

 2011 

 1963 

 Plattsmouth, NE 

 - 

 250 

 5,650 

 - 

 250 

 5,650 

 424 

 2010 

 1999 

 Plymouth, MI 

 - 

 1,490 

 19,990 

 114 

 1,490 

 20,104 

 1,093 

 2010 

 1972 

 Port St. Joe, FL 

 - 

 370 

 2,055 

 - 

 370 

 2,055 

 863 

 2004 

 1982 

 Port St. Lucie, FL 

 - 

 8,700 

 47,230 

 4,761 

 8,700 

 51,991 

 3,550 

 2008 

 2010 

 Post Falls, ID 

 - 

 2,700 

 14,217 

 2,181 

 2,700 

 16,398 

 1,845 

 2007 

 2008 

 Pottsville, PA 

 - 

 950 

 26,964 

 202 

 950 

 27,166 

 1,319 

 2011 

 1990 

 Princeton, NJ 

 - 

 1,730 

 30,888 

 817 

 1,772 

 31,663 

 977 

 2011 

 2001 

 Quakertown, PA 

 - 

 1,040 

 25,389 

 72 

 1,040 

 25,461 

 1,213 

 2011 

 1977 

 Raleigh, NC 

 - 

 10,000 

 - 

 - 

 10,000 

 - 

 - 

 2008 

 Raleigh, NC 

 26,506 

 3,530 

 59,589 

 - 

 3,530 

 59,589 

 395 

 2012 

 2002 

 Raleigh, NC 

 - 

 2,580 

 16,837 

 - 

 2,580 

 16,837 

 156 

 2012 

 1988 

 Reading, PA 

 - 

 980 

 19,906 

 102 

 980 

 20,008 

 967 

 2011 

 1994 

 Red Bank, NJ 

 - 

 1,050 

 21,275 

 97 

 1,050 

 21,372 

 748 

 2011 

 1997 

 Rehoboth Beach, DE 

 - 

 960 

 24,248 

 196 

 961 

 24,443 

 1,269 

 2010 

 1999 

 Reidsville, NC 

 - 

 170 

 3,830 

 857 

 170 

 4,687 

 1,341 

 2002 

 1998 

 Reno, NV 

 - 

 1,060 

 11,440 

 605 

 1,060 

 12,045 

 2,569 

 2004 

 1998 

 Ridgeland, MS 

 - 

 520 

 7,675 

 427 

 520 

 8,102 

 1,926 

 2003 

 1997 

 Ridgely, TN 

 - 

 300 

 5,700 

 97 

 300 

 5,797 

 1,872 

 2001 

 1990 

 Ridgewood, NJ 

 - 

 1,350 

 16,170 

 478 

 1,350 

 16,649 

 780 

 2011 

 1971 

 Rockledge, FL 

 - 

 360 

 4,117 

 - 

 360 

 4,117 

 1,677 

 2001 

 1970 

 Rockville, MD 

 - 

 - 

 16,398 

 - 

 - 

 16,398 

 279 

 2012 

 1986 

 Rockville, CT 

 - 

 1,500 

 4,835 

 76 

 1,500 

 4,911 

 320 

 2011 

 1960 

 Rockville Centre, NY 

 - 

 4,290 

 20,310 

 142 

 4,290 

 20,452 

 756 

 2011 

 2002 

 Rockwood, TN 

 - 

 500 

 7,116 

 741 

 500 

 7,857 

 2,521 

 2001 

 1979 

 Rocky Hill, CT 

 - 

 1,090 

 6,710 

 1,500 

 1,090 

 8,210 

 1,842 

 2003 

 1996 

 Rogersville, TN 

 - 

 350 

 3,278 

 - 

 350 

 3,278 

 1,052 

 2003 

 1980 

 Romeoville, IL 

 - 

 1,895 

 - 

 - 

 1,895 

 - 

 - 

 2006 

 Rutland, VT 

 - 

 1,190 

 23,655 

 87 

 1,190 

 23,743 

 1,151 

 2011 

 1968 

 Saint Simons Island,
 GA 

 - 

 6,440 

 50,060 

 1,270 

 6,440 

 51,330 

 5,809 

 2008 

 2007 

 Salem, OR 

 - 

 449 

 5,171 

 - 

 449 

 5,172 

 1,977 

 1999 

 1998 

 Salisbury, NC 

 - 

 370 

 5,697 

 168 

 370 

 5,865 

 1,517 

 2003 

 1997 

 San Angelo, TX 

 - 

 260 

 8,800 

 425 

 260 

 9,225 

 1,927 

 2004 

 1997 

 San Antonio, TX 

 - 

 6,120 

 28,169 

 1,587 

 6,120 

 29,756 

 999 

 2010 

 2011 

 San Antonio, TX 

 10,754 

 560 

 7,315 

 - 

 560 

 7,315 

 2,258 

 2002 

 2000 

 San Antonio, TX 

 9,912 

 640 

 13,360 

 - 

 640 

 13,360 

 2,124 

 2007 

 2004 

 Sanatoga, PA 

 - 

 980 

 30,695 

 37 

 980 

 30,733 

 1,439 

 2011 

 1993 

 Sand Springs, OK 

 6,792 

 910 

 19,654 

 - 

 910 

 19,654 

 259 

 2012 

 2002 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 475 

 3,175 

 - 

 475 

 3,175 

 1,474 

 1996 

 1995 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 600 

 3,400 

 - 

 600 

 3,400 

 947 

 2004 

 1982 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 1,120 

 12,489 

 - 

 1,120 

 12,489 

 114 

 2012 

 1999 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 950 

 8,825 

 - 

 950 

 8,825 

 80 

 2012 

 1998 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 880 

 9,854 

 - 

 880 

 9,854 

 94 

 2012 

 1990 

 Scituate, MA 

 - 

 1,740 

 10,640 

 - 

 1,740 

 10,640 

 2,077 

 2005 

 1976 

 Scott Depot, WV 

 - 

 350 

 6,876 

 58 

 350 

 6,934 

 351 

 2011 

 1995 

 Seaford, DE 

 - 

 720 

 14,029 

 53 

 720 

 14,082 

 718 

 2011 

 1977 

 Seaford, DE 

 - 

 830 

 7,995 

 - 

 830 

 7,995 

 112 

 2012 

 1992 

 Selbyville, DE 

 - 

 750 

 25,912 

 160 

 764 

 26,058 

 1,361 

 2010 

 2008 

 Seven Fields, PA 

 - 

 484 

 4,663 

 60 

 484 

 4,722 

 1,813 

 1999 

 1999 

 Severna Park, MD (2) 

 - 

 2,120 

 31,273 

 - 

 2,120 

 31,273 

 1,472 

 2011 

 1981 

 Shawnee, OK 

 - 

 80 

 1,400 

 - 

 80 

 1,400 

 640 

 1996 

 1995 

 Sheboygan, WI 

 - 

 80 

 5,320 

 3,774 

 80 

 9,094 

 1,143 

 2006 

 2006 

 Shelbyville, KY 

 - 

 630 

 3,870 

 - 

 630 

 3,870 

 859 

 2005 

 1965 

 Shelton, WA 

 - 

 530 

 17,049 

 - 

 530 

 17,049 

 237 

 2012 

 1989 

 Shepherdstown, WV 

 - 

 250 

 13,806 

 14 

 250 

 13,819 

 650 

 2011 

 1990 

 Sherman, TX 

 - 

 700 

 5,221 

 - 

 700 

 5,221 

 848 

 2005 

 2006 

 Shillington, PA 

 - 

 1,020 

 19,569 

 118 

 1,020 

 19,687 

 956 

 2011 

 1964 

 Shrewsbury, NJ 

 - 

 2,120 

 38,116 

 270 

 2,120 

 38,386 

 1,984 

 2010 

 2000 

 Silver Spring, MD 

 - 

 1,250 

 7,278 

 - 

 1,250 

 7,278 

 125 

 2012 

 1952 

 Silver Spring, MD 

 - 

 1,150 

 9,252 

 - 

 1,150 

 9,252 

 152 

 2012 

 1968 

 Silvis, IL 

 - 

 880 

 16,420 

 - 

 880 

 16,420 

 1,029 

 2010 

 2005 

 Sissonville, WV 

 - 

 600 

 23,948 

 54 

 600 

 24,003 

 1,136 

 2011 

 1981 

 Sisterville, WV 

 - 

 200 

 5,400 

 242 

 200 

 5,642 

 287 

 2011 

 1986 

 Smithfield, NC 

 - 

 290 

 5,680 

 - 

 290 

 5,680 

 1,487 

 2003 

 1998 

 Somerset, MA 

 - 

 1,010 

 29,577 

 95 

 1,010 

 29,671 

 1,394 

 2011 

 1998 

 South Boston, MA 

 - 

 385 

 2,002 

 5,218 

 385 

 7,220 

 2,823 

 1995 

 1961 

 South Pittsburg, TN 

 - 

 430 

 5,628 

 - 

 430 

 5,628 

 1,547 

 2004 

 1979 

 Southbury, CT 

 - 

 1,860 

 23,613 

 958 

 1,860 

 24,571 

 1,102 

 2011 

 2001 

 Sparks, NV 

 - 

 3,700 

 46,526 

 - 

 3,700 

 46,526 

 4,326 

 2007 

 2009 

 Spartanburg, SC 

 - 

 3,350 

 15,750 

 12,669 

 3,350 

 28,419 

 3,816 

 2005 

 1997 

 Spencer, WV 

 - 

 190 

 8,810 

 28 

 190 

 8,838 

 431 

 2011 

 1988 

 Spring City, TN 

 - 

 420 

 6,085 

 3,210 

 420 

 9,295 

 2,663 

 2001 

 1987 

 Spring
 House, PA 

 - 

 900 

 10,780 

 156 

 900 

 10,936 

 561 

 2011 

 1900 

 St. Charles, MD 

 - 

 580 

 15,555 

 82 

 580 

 15,636 

 765 

 2011 

 1996 

 St. Louis, MO 

 - 

 1,890 

 12,165 

 - 

 1,890 

 12,165 

 707 

 2010 

 1963 

 Statesville, NC 

 - 

 150 

 1,447 

 266 

 150 

 1,713 

 480 

 2003 

 1990 

 Statesville, NC 

 - 

 310 

 6,183 

 8 

 310 

 6,191 

 1,566 

 2003 

 1996 

 Statesville, NC 

 - 

 140 

 3,627 

 - 

 140 

 3,627 

 946 

 2003 

 1999 

 Stillwater, OK 

 - 

 80 

 1,400 

 - 

 80 

 1,400 

 643 

 1995 

 1995 

 Summit, NJ 

 - 

 3,080 

 14,152 

 - 

 3,080 

 14,152 

 660 

 2011 

 2001 

 Superior, WI 

 - 

 1,020 

 13,735 

 - 

 1,020 

 13,735 

 - 

 2009 

 - 

 Swanton, OH 

 - 

 330 

 6,370 

 - 

 330 

 6,370 

 1,504 

 2004 

 1950 

 Takoma Park, MD 

 - 

 1,300 

 10,136 

 - 

 1,300 

 10,136 

 172 

 2012 

 1962 

 Texarkana, TX 

 - 

 192 

 1,403 

 - 

 192 

 1,403 

 617 

 1996 

 1996 

 Thomasville, GA 

 - 

 530 

 13,899 

 409 

 530 

 14,308 

 569 

 2011 

 2006 

 Tomball, TX 

 - 

 1,050 

 13,300 

 - 

 1,050 

 13,300 

 655 

 2011 

 2001 

 Toms River, NJ 

 - 

 1,610 

 34,627 

 346 

 1,650 

 34,933 

 1,819 

 2010 

 2005 

 Topeka, KS 

 - 

 260 

 12,712 

 - 

 260 

 12,712 

 173 

 2012 

 2011 

 Towson, MD (2) 

 - 

 1,180 

 13,280 

 - 

 1,180 

 13,280 

 667 

 2011 

 1973 

 Troy, OH 

 - 

 200 

 2,000 

 4,254 

 200 

 6,254 

 1,168 

 1997 

 1997 

 Troy, OH 

 - 

 470 

 16,730 

 - 

 470 

 16,730 

 3,803 

 2004 

 1971 

 Trumbull, CT 

 - 

 4,440 

 43,384 

 - 

 4,440 

 43,384 

 1,930 

 2011 

 2001 

 Tucson, AZ 

 - 

 930 

 13,399 

 - 

 930 

 13,399 

 2,692 

 2005 

 1985 

 Tulsa, OK 

 - 

 1,390 

 7,110 

 219 

 1,390 

 7,329 

 561 

 2010 

 1998 

 Tulsa, OK 

 - 

 1,320 

 10,087 

 - 

 1,320 

 10,087 

 49 

 2011 

 2012 

 Tyler, TX 

 - 

 650 

 5,268 

 - 

 650 

 5,268 

 796 

 2006 

 2007 

 Uhrichsville, OH 

 - 

 24 

 6,716 

 - 

 24 

 6,716 

 1,308 

 2006 

 1977 

 Uniontown, PA 

 - 

 310 

 6,817 

 84 

 310 

 6,901 

 343 

 2011 

 1964 

 Valley Falls, RI 

 - 

 1,080 

 7,433 

 10 

 1,080 

 7,443 

 378 

 2011 

 1975 

 Valparaiso, IN 

 - 

 112 

 2,558 

 - 

 112 

 2,558 

 835 

 2001 

 1998 

 Valparaiso, IN 

 - 

 108 

 2,962 

 - 

 108 

 2,962 

 946 

 2001 

 1999 

 Venice, FL 

 - 

 500 

 6,000 

 - 

 500 

 6,000 

 1,472 

 2004 

 1987 

 Venice, FL 

 - 

 1,150 

 10,674 

 - 

 1,150 

 10,674 

 906 

 2008 

 2009 

 Vero Beach, FL 

 - 

 263 

 3,187 

 - 

 263 

 3,187 

 1,007 

 2001 

 1999 

 Vero Beach, FL 

 - 

 297 

 3,263 

 - 

 297 

 3,263 

 1,041 

 2001 

 1996 

 Vero Beach, FL 

 - 

 2,930 

 40,070 

 14,729 

 2,930 

 54,799 

 6,268 

 2007 

 2003 

 Voorhees, NJ 

 - 

 1,800 

 37,299 

 559 

 1,800 

 37,858 

 1,809 

 2011 

 1965 

 Voorhees, NJ (2) 

 - 

 1,900 

 26,040 

 - 

 1,900 

 26,040 

 1,278 

 2011 

 1985 

 Waconia, MN 

 - 

 890 

 14,726 

 4,334 

 890 

 19,060 

 547 

 2011 

 2005 

 Wake Forest, NC 

 - 

 200 

 3,003 

 1,742 

 200 

 4,745 

 1,640 

 1998 

 1999 

 Walkersville, MD 

 - 

 1,650 

 15,103 

 - 

 1,650 

 15,103 

 250 

 2012 

 1997 

 Wall, NJ 

 - 

 1,650 

 25,350 

 355 

 1,690 

 25,665 

 792 

 2011 

 2003 

 Wallingford, CT 

 - 

 490 

 1,210 

 46 

 490 

 1,256 

 103 

 2011 

 1962 

 Wareham, MA 

 - 

 875 

 10,313 

 1,701 

 875 

 12,014 

 3,650 

 2002 

 1989 

 Warren, NJ 

 - 

 2,000 

 30,810 

 86 

 2,000 

 30,896 

 1,072 

 2011 

 1999 

 Warwick, RI 

 - 

 1,530 

 18,564 

 48 

 1,530 

 18,612 

 924 

 2011 

 1963 

 Watchung, NJ 

 - 

 1,920 

 24,880 

 346 

 1,960 

 25,186 

 778 

 2011 

 2000 

 Waukee, IA 

 - 

 1,870 

 31,878 

 - 

 1,870 

 31,878 

 277 

 2012 

 2007 

 Waukesha, WI 

 - 

 1,100 

 14,910 

 - 

 1,100 

 14,910 

 1,206 

 2008 

 2009 

 Waxahachie, TX 

 - 

 650 

 5,763 

 - 

 650 

 5,763 

 728 

 2007 

 2008 

 Weatherford, TX 

 - 

 660 

 5,261 

 - 

 660 

 5,261 

 801 

 2006 

 2007 

 Webster, TX 

 9,473 

 360 

 5,940 

 - 

 360 

 5,940 

 1,826 

 2002 

 2000 

 Webster, NY 

 - 

 800 

 8,968 

 - 

 800 

 8,968 

 60 

 2012 

 2001 

 Webster, NY 

 - 

 1,300 

 21,127 

 - 

 1,300 

 21,127 

 136 

 2012 

 2001 

 Webster Groves, MO 

 - 

 1,790 

 15,469 

 - 

 1,790 

 15,469 

 137 

 2011 

 2012 

 West Bend, WI 

 - 

 620 

 17,790 

 - 

 620 

 17,790 

 472 

 2010 

 2011 

 West Chester, PA 

 - 

 1,350 

 29,237 

 95 

 1,350 

 29,332 

 1,411 

 2011 

 1974 

 West Chester, PA 

 - 

 3,290 

 42,258 

 - 

 3,290 

 42,258 

 844 

 2012 

 2000 

 West Chester, PA 

 - 

 600 

 11,894 

 - 

 600 

 11,894 

 242 

 2012 

 2002 

 West Orange, NJ 

 - 

 2,280 

 10,687 

 168 

 2,280 

 10,855 

 580 

 2011 

 1963 

 West Worthington, OH 

 - 

 510 

 5,090 

 - 

 510 

 5,090 

 1,031 

 2006 

 1980 

 Westerville, OH 

 - 

 740 

 8,287 

 3,105 

 740 

 11,392 

 6,416 

 1998 

 2001 

 Westfield, NJ (2) 

 - 

 2,270 

 16,589 

 - 

 2,270 

 16,589 

 890 

 2011 

 1970 

 Westford, MA 

 - 

 920 

 13,829 

 203 

 920 

 14,032 

 695 

 2011 

 1993 

 Westlake, OH 

 - 

 1,330 

 17,926 

 - 

 1,330 

 17,926 

 5,570 

 2001 

 1985 

 Westmoreland, TN 

 - 

 330 

 1,822 

 2,635 

 330 

 4,457 

 1,492 

 2001 

 1994 

 White Lake, MI 

 10,713 

 2,920 

 20,179 

 55 

 2,920 

 20,234 

 1,126 

 2010 

 2000 

 Wichita, KS 

 - 

 1,400 

 11,000 

 - 

 1,400 

 11,000 

 2,178 

 2006 

 1997 

 Wichita, KS 

 - 

 1,760 

 19,007 

 - 

 1,760 

 19,007 

 414 

 2011 

 2012 

 Wichita, KS 

 13,828 

 630 

 19,747 

 - 

 630 

 19,747 

 257 

 2012 

 2009 

 Wilkes-Barre, PA 

 - 

 610 

 13,842 

 95 

 610 

 13,937 

 695 

 2011 

 1986 

 Wilkes-Barre, PA 

 - 

 570 

 2,301 

 44 

 570 

 2,345 

 183 

 2011 

 1992 

 Willard, OH 

 - 

 730 

 6,447 

 - 

 730 

 6,447 

 96 

 2011 

 2012 

 Williamsport, PA 

 - 

 300 

 4,946 

 280 

 300 

 5,226 

 263 

 2011 

 1991 

 Williamsport, PA 

 - 

 620 

 8,487 

 428 

 620 

 8,914 

 464 

 2011 

 1988 

 Williamstown, KY 

 - 

 70 

 6,430 

 - 

 70 

 6,430 

 1,424 

 2005 

 1987 

 Willow Grove, PA 

 - 

 1,300 

 14,736 

 109 

 1,300 

 14,845 

 771 

 2011 

 1905 

 Wilmington, DE 

 - 

 800 

 9,494 

 57 

 800 

 9,551 

 493 

 2011 

 1970 

 Wilmington, NC 

 - 

 210 

 2,991 

 - 

 210 

 2,991 

 1,137 

 1999 

 1999 

 Windsor, CT 

 - 

 2,250 

 8,539 

 1,700 

 2,250 

 10,239 

 502 

 2011 

 1969 

 Windsor, CT 

 - 

 1,800 

 600 

 944 

 1,800 

 1,544 

 100 

 2011 

 1974 

 Winston-Salem, NC 

 - 

 360 

 2,514 

 459 

 360 

 2,973 

 805 

 2003 

 1996 

 Winston-Salem, NC 

 - 

 5,700 

 13,550 

 12,239 

 5,700 

 25,789 

 4,108 

 2005 

 1997 

 Worcester, MA 

 - 

 3,500 

 54,099 

 - 

 3,500 

 54,099 

 4,345 

 2007 

 2009 

 Worcester, MA 

 - 

 2,300 

 9,060 

 - 

 2,300 

 9,060 

 1,087 

 2008 

 1993 

 Wyncote, PA 

 - 

 2,700 

 22,244 

 145 

 2,700 

 22,389 

 1,106 

 2011 

 1960 

 Wyncote, PA 

 - 

 1,610 

 21,256 

 182 

 1,610 

 21,438 

 1,009 

 2011 

 1962 

 Wyncote, PA 

 - 

 900 

 7,811 

 18 

 900 

 7,829 

 386 

 2011 

 1889 

 Zionsville, IN 

 - 

 1,610 

 22,400 

 1,691 

 1,610 

 24,091 

 1,378 

 2010 

 2009 

 Seniors housing
 triple-net total 

 $ 

 218,741 

 $ 

 623,120 

 $ 

 7,462,660 

 $ 

 341,850 

 $ 

 625,388 

 $ 

 7,802,238 

 $ 

 707,213 

 110 

 Health
 Care REIT, Inc. 

 Schedule
 III 

 Real
 Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 December
 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Initial
 Cost to Company 

 Gross
 Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Building
 & Improvements 

 Cost
 Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Building
 & Improvements 

 Accumulated
 Depreciation (1) 

 Year
 Acquired 

 Year
 Built 

 Seniors housing operating: 

 Agawam, MA 

 $ 

 6,805 

 $ 

 880 

 $ 

 10,044 

 $ 

 83 

 $ 

 880 

 $ 

 10,127 

 $ 

 1,119 

 2011 

 1996 

 Albertville, AL 

 2,066 

 170 

 6,203 

 158 

 170 

 6,361 

 672 

 2010 

 1999 

 Albuquerque, NM 

 5,657 

 1,270 

 20,837 

 564 

 1,272 

 21,399 

 2,569 

 2010 

 1984 

 Alhambra, CA 

 3,012 

 600 

 6,305 

 52 

 600 

 6,357 

 554 

 2011 

 1923 

 Altrincham, England 

 - 

 5,578 

 32,373 

 - 

 5,578 

 32,373 

 625 

 2012 

 2009 

 Apple Valley, CA 

 10,979 

 480 

 16,639 

 107 

 480 

 16,746 

 2,083 

 2010 

 1999 

 Arlington, TX 

 22,542 

 1,660 

 37,395 

 - 

 1,660 

 37,395 

 214 

 2012 

 2000 

 Atlanta, GA 

 7,791 

 2,058 

 14,914 

 759 

 2,059 

 15,672 

 9,456 

 1997 

 1999 

 Austin, TX 

 19,309 

 880 

 9,520 

 546 

 880 

 10,066 

 3,817 

 1999 

 1998 

 Avon, CT 

 20,033 

 1,550 

 30,571 

 159 

 1,550 

 30,731 

 4,460 

 2011 

 1998 

 Azusa, CA 

 - 

 570 

 3,141 

 6,049 

 570 

 9,190 

 1,549 

 1998 

 1953 

 Bagshot, England 

 - 

 6,537 

 38,668 

 - 

 6,537 

 38,668 

 784 

 2012 

 2009 

 Banstead, England 

 - 

 8,781 

 54,836 

 - 

 8,781 

 54,836 

 - 

 2012 

 2005 

 Bellingham, WA 

 8,860 

 1,500 

 19,861 

 110 

 1,500 

 19,971 

 2,350 

 2010 

 1996 

 Belmont, CA 

 - 

 3,000 

 23,526 

 246 

 3,000 

 23,771 

 2,651 

 2011 

 1971 

 Borehamwood, England 

 - 

 7,074 

 41,060 

 - 

 7,074 

 41,060 

 - 

 2012 

 2003 

 Brighton, MA 

 10,899 

 2,100 

 14,616 

 95 

 2,100 

 14,711 

 1,736 

 2011 

 1995 

 Brookfield, CT 

 20,414 

 2,250 

 30,180 

 172 

 2,250 

 30,352 

 3,650 

 2011 

 1999 

 Buffalo Grove, IL 

 - 

 2,850 

 49,129 

 - 

 2,850 

 49,129 

 261 

 2012 

 2003 

 Burbank, CA 

 - 

 4,940 

 43,466 

 - 

 4,940 

 43,466 

 263 

 2012 

 2002 

 Cardiff by the Sea, CA 

 41,836 

 5,880 

 64,711 

 66 

 5,880 

 64,777 

 4,842 

 2011 

 2009 

 Carol Stream, IL 

 - 

 1,730 

 55,048 

 - 

 1,730 

 55,048 

 276 

 2012 

 2001 

 Centerville, MA 

 - 

 1,300 

 27,357 

 189 

 1,300 

 27,546 

 2,403 

 2011 

 1998 

 Cincinnati, OH 

 - 

 2,060 

 109,388 

 2,602 

 2,060 

 111,990 

 7,006 

 2007 

 2010 

 Citrus Heights, CA 

 15,189 

 2,300 

 31,876 

 428 

 2,300 

 32,304 

 3,897 

 2010 

 1997 

 Concord, NH 

 14,055 

 720 

 21,164 

 138 

 720 

 21,302 

 1,732 

 2011 

 2001 

 Costa Mesa, CA 

 - 

 2,050 

 19,969 

 45 

 2,050 

 20,014 

 2,257 

 2011 

 1965 

 Dallas, TX 

 - 

 1,080 

 9,655 

 116 

 1,080 

 9,771 

 891 

 2011 

 1997 

 Danvers, MA 

 9,857 

 1,120 

 14,557 

 121 

 1,120 

 14,677 

 1,410 

 2011 

 2000 

 Davenport, IA 

 - 

 1,403 

 35,893 

 2,063 

 1,403 

 37,956 

 3,250 

 2006 

 2009 

 Denver, CO 

 - 

 2,910 

 35,838 

 - 

 2,910 

 35,838 

 196 

 2012 

 2007 

 Denver, CO 

 13,161 

 1,450 

 19,389 

 - 

 1,450 

 19,389 

 110 

 2012 

 1997 

 Dublin, OH 

 18,884 

 1,680 

 43,423 

 941 

 1,680 

 44,364 

 4,501 

 2010 

 1990 

 East Haven, CT 

 23,721 

 2,660 

 35,533 

 426 

 2,660 

 35,959 

 5,310 

 2011 

 2000 

 Encinitas, CA 

 - 

 1,460 

 7,721 

 353 

 1,460 

 8,074 

 2,882 

 2000 

 1988 

 Encino, CA 

 - 

 5,040 

 46,255 

 - 

 5,040 

 46,255 

 285 

 2012 

 2003 

 Escondido, CA 

 13,182 

 1,520 

 24,024 

 106 

 1,520 

 24,131 

 2,677 

 2011 

 1987 

 Florence, AL 

 7,267 

 353 

 13,049 

 165 

 350 

 13,217 

 1,512 

 2010 

 1999 

 Fort Worth, TX 

 - 

 2,080 

 27,888 

 - 

 2,080 

 27,888 

 180 

 2012 

 2001 

 Fremont, CA 

 19,780 

 3,400 

 25,300 

 1,649 

 3,400 

 26,949 

 5,010 

 2005 

 1987 

 Gardnerville, NV 

 12,783 

 1,143 

 10,831 

 694 

 1,144 

 11,524 

 7,408 

 1998 

 1999 

 Gig Harbor, WA 

 5,789 

 1,560 

 15,947 

 71 

 1,560 

 16,018 

 1,843 

 2010 

 1994 

 Gilroy, CA 

 - 

 760 

 13,880 

 23,935 

 1,520 

 37,055 

 5,004 

 2006 

 2007 

 Glenview, IL 

 - 

 2,090 

 69,288 

 - 

 2,090 

 69,288 

 362 

 2012 

 2001 

 Hamden, CT 

 15,963 

 1,460 

 24,093 

 203 

 1,460 

 24,296 

 3,001 

 2011 

 1999 

 Hemet, CA 

 13,550 

 1,890 

 28,606 

 449 

 1,890 

 29,055 

 4,961 

 2010 

 1989 

 Hemet, CA 

 - 

 430 

 9,630 

 716 

 430 

 10,346 

 871 

 2010 

 1988 

 Henderson, NV 

 - 

 880 

 29,809 

 6 

 880 

 29,816 

 1,722 

 2011 

 2009 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 3,830 

 55,674 

 - 

 3,830 

 55,674 

 3,560 

 2012 

 1998 

 Houston, TX 

 8,149 

 960 

 27,598 

 143 

 960 

 27,742 

 2,609 

 2011 

 1995 

 Houston, TX 

 18,509 

 1,040 

 31,965 

 - 

 1,040 

 31,965 

 225 

 2012 

 1999 

 Irving, TX 

 - 

 1,030 

 6,823 

 638 

 1,030 

 7,461 

 919 

 2007 

 1999 

 Kanata, ON 

 - 

 2,278 

 41,881 

 - 

 2,278 

 41,881 

 1,369 

 2012 

 2005 

 Kansas City, MO 

 5,745 

 1,820 

 34,898 

 1,473 

 1,836 

 36,355 

 4,077 

 2010 

 1980 

 Kansas City, MO 

 7,030 

 1,930 

 39,997 

 509 

 1,943 

 40,493 

 5,402 

 2010 

 1986 

 Kennewick, WA 

 14,866 

 1,820 

 27,991 

 235 

 1,820 

 28,226 

 4,318 

 2010 

 1994 

 Kingwood, TX 

 3,258 

 480 

 9,777 

 79 

 480 

 9,856 

 914 

 2011 

 1999 

 Kirkland, WA 

 24,600 

 3,450 

 38,709 

 15 

 3,450 

 38,723 

 2,570 

 2011 

 2009 

 Lancaster, CA 

 10,240 

 700 

 15,295 

 106 

 700 

 15,401 

 2,075 

 2010 

 1999 

 Leawood, KS 

 16,383 

 2,490 

 32,493 

 - 

 2,490 

 32,493 

 198 

 2012 

 1999 

 Los Angeles, CA 

 - 

 - 

 11,430 

 494 

 - 

 11,924 

 962 

 2008 

 1971 

 Los Angeles, CA 

 67,816 

 - 

 114,438 

 153 

 - 

 114,591 

 8,162 

 2011 

 2009 

 Los Angeles, CA 

 - 

 3,540 

 19,007 

 - 

 3,540 

 19,007 

 132 

 2012 

 2001 

 Louisville, KY 

 - 

 2,420 

 20,816 

 - 

 2,420 

 20,816 

 138 

 2012 

 1999 

 Mansfield, MA 

 29,381 

 3,320 

 57,011 

 479 

 3,320 

 57,490 

 6,447 

 2011 

 1998 

 Manteca, CA 

 6,279 

 1,300 

 12,125 

 1,423 

 1,300 

 13,548 

 2,608 

 2005 

 1986 

 Marysville, WA 

 4,652 

 620 

 4,780 

 302 

 620 

 5,082 

 1,242 

 2003 

 1998 

 Memphis, TN 

 - 

 1,800 

 17,744 

 - 

 1,800 

 17,744 

 1,544 

 2012 

 1999 

 Meriden, CT 

 9,730 

 1,500 

 14,874 

 236 

 1,500 

 15,110 

 2,667 

 2011 

 2001 

 Mesa, AZ 

 6,201 

 950 

 9,087 

 576 

 950 

 9,663 

 3,228 

 1999 

 2000 

 Middletown, CT 

 16,026 

 1,430 

 24,242 

 190 

 1,430 

 24,432 

 3,227 

 2011 

 1999 

 Middletown, RI 

 17,044 

 2,480 

 24,628 

 325 

 2,480 

 24,953 

 3,143 

 2011 

 1998 

 Milford, CT 

 11,956 

 3,210 

 17,364 

 253 

 3,210 

 17,617 

 2,361 

 2011 

 1999 

 Mill Creek, WA 

 29,622 

 10,150 

 60,274 

 419 

 10,150 

 60,693 

 9,422 

 2010 

 1998 

 Minnetonka, MN 

 14,935 

 2,080 

 24,360 

 - 

 2,080 

 24,360 

 144 

 2012 

 1999 

 Monroe, WA 

 13,791 

 2,560 

 34,460 

 243 

 2,560 

 34,703 

 4,098 

 2010 

 1994 

 Mystic, CT 

 11,956 

 1,400 

 18,274 

 213 

 1,400 

 18,487 

 1,928 

 2011 

 2001 

 Naples, FL 

 - 

 1,716 

 17,306 

 1,647 

 1,716 

 18,953 

 14,963 

 1997 

 1999 

 Nashville, TN 

 - 

 3,900 

 35,788 

 - 

 3,900 

 35,788 

 2,595 

 2012 

 1999 

 Newton, MA 

 29,000 

 2,250 

 43,614 

 116 

 2,250 

 43,730 

 4,354 

 2011 

 1996 

 Newton, MA 

 16,745 

 2,500 

 30,681 

 1,058 

 2,500 

 31,739 

 3,633 

 2011 

 1996 

 Newton, MA 

 - 

 3,360 

 25,099 

 195 

 3,360 

 25,294 

 3,272 

 2011 

 1994 

 Niantic, CT 

 - 

 1,320 

 25,986 

 241 

 1,320 

 26,227 

 2,319 

 2011 

 2001 

 North Andover, MA 

 23,530 

 1,960 

 34,976 

 209 

 1,960 

 35,185 

 3,882 

 2011 

 1995 

 North Chelmsford, MA 

 12,401 

 880 

 18,478 

 199 

 880 

 18,677 

 1,617 

 2011 

 1998 

 Oak Park, IL 

 - 

 1,250 

 40,383 

 - 

 1,250 

 40,383 

 212 

 2012 

 2004 

 Oceanside, CA 

 13,173 

 2,160 

 18,352 

 106 

 2,160 

 18,458 

 1,777 

 2011 

 2005 

 Olympia, WA 

 7,026 

 550 

 16,689 

 195 

 550 

 16,884 

 1,976 

 2010 

 1995 

 Overland Park, KS 

 3,648 

 1,540 

 16,269 

 - 

 1,540 

 16,269 

 103 

 2012 

 1998 

 Pembroke, ON 

 - 

 2,603 

 13,630 

 - 

 2,603 

 13,630 

 429 

 2012 

 1999 

 Plano, TX 

 4,286 

 840 

 8,538 

 154 

 840 

 8,691 

 989 

 2011 

 1996 

 Providence, RI 

 - 

 2,600 

 27,546 

 485 

 2,600 

 28,031 

 4,658 

 2011 

 1998 

 Purley, England 

 - 

 9,676 

 35,251 

 - 

 9,676 

 35,251 

 - 

 2012 

 2005 

 Puyallup, WA 

 11,586 

 1,150 

 20,776 

 241 

 1,150 

 21,017 

 2,616 

 2010 

 1985 

 Quincy, MA 

 8,585 

 1,350 

 12,584 

 162 

 1,350 

 12,746 

 1,480 

 2011 

 1998 

 Rancho Palos Verdes, CA 

 - 

 5,450 

 60,034 

 - 

 5,450 

 60,034 

 347 

 2012 

 2004 

 Redondo Beach, CA 

 7,873 

 - 

 9,557 

 1 

 - 

 9,558 

 1,531 

 2011 

 1957 

 Renton, WA 

 22,620 

 3,080 

 51,824 

 34 

 3,080 

 51,858 

 3,327 

 2011 

 2007 

 Rocky Hill, CT 

 10,811 

 810 

 16,351 

 147 

 810 

 16,498 

 1,638 

 2011 

 2000 

 Rohnert Park, CA 

 13,912 

 6,500 

 18,700 

 1,519 

 6,500 

 20,219 

 3,798 

 2005 

 1986 

 Romeoville, IL 

 - 

 854 

 12,646 

 58,559 

 6,114 

 65,945 

 5,084 

 2006 

 2010 

 Roswell, GA 

 8,000 

 1,107 

 9,627 

 498 

 1,107 

 10,125 

 6,606 

 1997 

 1999 

 Roswell, GA 

 - 

 2,080 

 6,486 

 - 

 2,080 

 6,486 

 50 

 2012 

 1997 

 Sacramento, CA 

 10,456 

 940 

 14,781 

 112 

 940 

 14,893 

 1,842 

 2010 

 1978 

 Salem, NH 

 21,686 

 980 

 32,721 

 159 

 980 

 32,880 

 2,942 

 2011 

 2000 

 Salt Lake City, UT 

 - 

 1,360 

 19,691 

 115 

 1,360 

 19,805 

 3,288 

 2011 

 1986 

 San Diego, CA 

 - 

 4,200 

 30,707 

 4 

 4,200 

 30,711 

 865 

 2011 

 2011 

 San Diego, CA 

 - 

 5,810 

 63,078 

 - 

 5,810 

 63,078 

 4,168 

 2012 

 2001 

 San Jose, CA 

 - 

 2,850 

 35,098 

 21 

 2,850 

 35,119 

 2,598 

 2011 

 2009 

 San Jose, CA 

 - 

 3,280 

 46,823 

 - 

 3,280 

 46,823 

 290 

 2012 

 2002 

 San Juan Capistrano, CA 

 - 

 1,390 

 6,942 

 136 

 1,390 

 7,078 

 2,276 

 2000 

 2001 

 San Ramon, CA 

 9,371 

 2,430 

 17,488 

 68 

 2,430 

 17,556 

 2,060 

 2010 

 1989 

 Sandy Springs, GA 

 - 

 2,214 

 8,360 

 - 

 2,214 

 8,360 

 987 

 2012 

 1997 

 Santa Maria, CA 

 - 

 6,050 

 50,658 

 217 

 6,050 

 50,875 

 3,681 

 2011 

 2001 

 Scottsdale, AZ 

 - 

 2,500 

 3,890 

 853 

 2,500 

 4,743 

 572 

 2008 

 1998 

 Seatlle, WA 

 48,543 

 6,790 

 85,369 

 261 

 6,790 

 85,631 

 5,152 

 2011 

 2009 

 Seattle, WA 

 7,758 

 5,190 

 9,350 

 374 

 5,190 

 9,724 

 2,134 

 2010 

 1962 

 Seattle, WA 

 7,575 

 3,420 

 15,555 

 64 

 3,420 

 15,619 

 2,161 

 2010 

 2000 

 Seattle, WA 

 9,263 

 2,630 

 10,257 

 41 

 2,630 

 10,298 

 1,515 

 2010 

 2003 

 Seattle, WA 

 28,965 

 10,670 

 37,291 

 143 

 10,670 

 37,434 

 6,455 

 2010 

 2005 

 Sevenoaks, England 

 - 

 8,131 

 51,963 

 - 

 8,131 

 51,963 

 1,104 

 2012 

 2009 

 Shelburne, VT 

 20,605 

 720 

 31,041 

 145 

 720 

 31,187 

 2,534 

 2011 

 1988 

 Sidcup, England 

 - 

 9,773 

 56,163 

 - 

 9,773 

 56,163 

 - 

 2012 

 2000 

 Solihull, England 

 - 

 6,667 

 55,336 

 - 

 6,667 

 55,336 

 893 

 2012 

 2009 

 Sonoma, CA 

 15,082 

 1,100 

 18,400 

 1,318 

 1,100 

 19,718 

 3,657 

 2005 

 1988 

 South Windsor, CT 

 - 

 3,000 

 29,295 

 395 

 3,000 

 29,690 

 4,022 

 2011 

 1999 

 Stanwood, WA 

 9,922 

 2,260 

 28,474 

 264 

 2,260 

 28,738 

 3,681 

 2010 

 1998 

 Stockton, CA 

 3,009 

 2,280 

 5,983 

 149 

 2,280 

 6,132 

 930 

 2010 

 1988 

 Sugar Land, TX 

 5,775 

 960 

 31,423 

 1,002 

 960 

 32,425 

 3,340 

 2011 

 1996 

 Sun City West, AZ 

 12,886 

 1,250 

 21,778 

 - 

 1,250 

 21,778 

 127 

 2012 

 1998 

 Sunnyvale, CA 

 - 

 5,420 

 41,682 

 - 

 5,420 

 41,682 

 262 

 2012 

 2002 

 Suwanee, GA 

 - 

 1,560 

 11,538 

 - 

 1,560 

 11,538 

 1,106 

 2012 

 2000 

 Tacoma, WA 

 19,180 

 2,400 

 35,053 

 59 

 2,400 

 35,111 

 2,251 

 2011 

 2008 

 The Woodlands, TX 

 2,619 

 480 

 12,379 

 93 

 480 

 12,472 

 1,170 

 2011 

 1999 

 Toledo, OH 

 16,352 

 2,040 

 47,129 

 428 

 2,040 

 47,557 

 6,818 

 2010 

 1985 

 Trumbull, CT 

 25,566 

 2,850 

 37,685 

 129 

 2,850 

 37,814 

 4,901 

 2011 

 1998 

 Tucson, AZ 

 4,852 

 830 

 6,179 

 - 

 830 

 6,179 

 36 

 2012 

 1997 

 Tulsa, OK 

 6,367 

 1,330 

 21,285 

 293 

 1,330 

 21,578 

 2,709 

 2010 

 1986 

 Tulsa, OK 

 8,321 

 1,500 

 20,861 

 255 

 1,500 

 21,116 

 2,959 

 2010 

 1984 

 Tustin, CA 

 7,014 

 840 

 15,299 

 22 

 840 

 15,321 

 1,289 

 2011 

 1965 

 Vacaville, CA 

 14,306 

 900 

 17,100 

 1,335 

 900 

 18,435 

 3,481 

 2005 

 1987 

 Vallejo, CA 

 14,322 

 4,000 

 18,000 

 1,786 

 4,000 

 19,786 

 3,674 

 2005 

 1989 

 Vallejo, CA 

 7,550 

 2,330 

 15,407 

 95 

 2,330 

 15,502 

 2,153 

 2010 

 1990 

 Vancouver, WA 

 12,011 

 1,820 

 19,042 

 107 

 1,820 

 19,149 

 2,425 

 2010 

 2006 

 Victoria, BC 

 8,168 

 3,716 

 18,977 

 - 

 3,716 

 18,977 

 650 

 2012 

 2002 

 Virginia Water, England 

 - 

 7,106 

 29,937 

 - 

 7,106 

 29,937 

 - 

 2012 

 2002 

 Warwick, RI 

 16,535 

 2,400 

 24,635 

 343 

 2,400 

 24,978 

 4,046 

 2011 

 1998 

 Waterbury, CT 

 25,629 

 2,460 

 39,547 

 368 

 2,460 

 39,915 

 6,036 

 2011 

 1998 

 Whittier, CA 

 11,605 

 4,470 

 22,151 

 277 

 4,470 

 22,428 

 4,200 

 2010 

 1988 

 Wilbraham, MA 

 11,574 

 660 

 17,639 

 146 

 660 

 17,784 

 1,769 

 2011 

 2000 

 Winchester, England 

 - 

 7,887 

 37,873 

 - 

 7,887 

 37,873 

 744 

 2012 

 2010 

 Woodbridge, CT 

 9,349 

 1,370 

 14,219 

 166 

 1,370 

 14,385 

 2,775 

 2011 

 1998 

 Worcester, MA 

 14,500 

 1,140 

 21,664 

 235 

 1,140 

 21,899 

 2,145 

 2011 

 1999 

 Yarmouth, ME 

 18,061 

 450 

 27,711 

 200 

 450 

 27,911 

 2,477 

 2011 

 1999 

 Seniors housing operating total 

 $ 

 1,369,526 

 $ 

 388,015 

 $ 

 4,239,499 

 $ 

 131,030 

 $ 

 394,065 

 $ 

 4,364,478 

 $ 

 390,907 

 111 

 Health
 Care REIT, Inc. 

 Schedule
 III 

 Real
 Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 December
 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Initial
 Cost to Company 

 Gross
 Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Building
 & Improvements 

 Cost
 Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Building
 & Improvements 

 Accumulated
 Depreciation (1) 

 Year
 Acquired 

 Year
 Built 

 Medical facilities: 

 Akron, OH 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 821 

 $ 

 12,079 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 821 

 $ 

 12,079 

 $ 

 77 

 2012 

 2010 

 Akron, OH 

 - 

 300 

 20,200 

 - 

 300 

 20,200 

 1,585 

 2009 

 2008 

 Allen, TX 

 12,080 

 726 

 14,520 

 - 

 726 

 14,520 

 1,275 

 2012 

 2006 

 Alpharetta, GA 

 - 

 233 

 18,205 

 763 

 773 

 18,428 

 1,037 

 2011 

 1993 

 Alpharetta, GA 

 - 

 498 

 32,729 

 2,654 

 1,769 

 34,111 

 3,088 

 2011 

 1999 

 Alpharetta, GA 

 - 

 417 

 14,406 

 27 

 476 

 14,375 

 1,208 

 2011 

 2003 

 Alpharetta, GA 

 - 

 1,700 

 162 

 - 

 1,862 

 - 

 - 

 2011 

 Alpharetta, GA 

 - 

 628 

 16,063 

 1,114 

 555 

 17,250 

 1,157 

 2011 

 2007 

 Arcadia, CA 

 9,750 

 5,408 

 23,219 

 1,933 

 5,618 

 24,942 

 5,175 

 2006 

 1984 

 Atlanta, GA 

 - 

 4,931 

 18,720 

 2,937 

 5,301 

 21,287 

 5,415 

 2006 

 1991 

 Atlanta, GA 

 17,993 

 1,945 

 23,437 

 - 

 1,945 

 23,437 

 699 

 2012 

 1984 

 Atlanta, GA 

 26,745 

 - 

 42,468 

 - 

 - 

 42,468 

 1,799 

 2012 

 2006 

 Bartlett, TN 

 8,215 

 187 

 15,015 

 1,252 

 187 

 16,267 

 3,417 

 2007 

 2004 

 Bellaire, TX 

 - 

 4,551 

 46,105 

 - 

 4,551 

 46,105 

 7,883 

 2006 

 2005 

 Bellaire, TX 

 - 

 2,972 

 33,445 

 1,966 

 2,972 

 35,412 

 6,876 

 2006 

 2005 

 Bellevue, NE 

 - 

 - 

 15,833 

 868 

 - 

 16,701 

 1,525 

 2010 

 2010 

 Bellevue, NE 

 - 

 4,500 

 109,719 

 - 

 4,500 

 109,719 

 7,106 

 2008 

 2010 

 Bellingham, MA 

 - 

 9,270 

 - 

 - 

 9,270 

 - 

 - 

 2007 

 Birmingham, AL 

 - 

 52 

 9,950 

 201 

 52 

 10,151 

 2,196 

 2006 

 1971 

 Birmingham, AL 

 - 

 124 

 12,238 

 141 

 124 

 12,379 

 2,593 

 2006 

 1985 

 Birmingham, AL 

 - 

 476 

 18,994 

 196 

 476 

 19,190 

 3,744 

 2006 

 1989 

 Boardman, OH 

 - 

 80 

 11,787 

 342 

 80 

 12,130 

 1,214 

 2010 

 2007 

 Boardman, OH 

 - 

 1,200 

 12,800 

 - 

 1,200 

 12,800 

 1,723 

 2008 

 2008 

 Boca Raton, FL 

 13,259 

 109 

 34,002 

 2,096 

 214 

 35,993 

 7,475 

 2006 

 1995 

 Boca Raton, FL 

 - 

 31 

 11,659 

 - 

 31 

 11,659 

 - 

 2012 

 1993 

 Boerne, TX 

 - 

 50 

 13,317 

 - 

 50 

 13,317 

 870 

 2011 

 2007 

 Bowling Green, KY 

 - 

 3,800 

 26,700 

 149 

 3,800 

 26,849 

 3,066 

 2008 

 1992 

 Boynton Beach, FL 

 4,420 

 2,048 

 7,692 

 375 

 2,048 

 8,067 

 2,140 

 2006 

 1995 

 Boynton Beach, FL 

 3,965 

 2,048 

 7,403 

 964 

 2,048 

 8,367 

 1,855 

 2006 

 1997 

 Boynton Beach, FL 

 5,921 

 214 

 5,611 

 7,218 

 117 

 12,927 

 2,524 

 2007 

 1996 

 Bridgeton, MO 

 - 

 - 

 30,221 

 278 

 - 

 30,499 

 762 

 2011 

 2011 

 Bridgeton, MO 

 11,359 

 450 

 21,221 

 21 

 450 

 21,242 

 2,190 

 2010 

 2006 

 Burleson, TX 

 - 

 10 

 11,619 

 220 

 10 

 11,838 

 871 

 2011 

 2007 

 Carmel, IN 

 - 

 2,280 

 18,820 

 132 

 2,280 

 18,952 

 1,810 

 2011 

 2005 

 Carmel, IN 

 - 

 2,152 

 18,591 

 2,837 

 2,026 

 21,554 

 2,171 

 2011 

 2007 

 Cedar Grove, WI 

 - 

 113 

 618 

 - 

 113 

 618 

 64 

 2010 

 1986 

 Claremore, OK 

 8,131 

 132 

 12,829 

 302 

 132 

 13,131 

 2,881 

 2007 

 2005 

 Clarkson Valley, MO 

 - 

 - 

 35,592 

 - 

 - 

 35,592 

 3,782 

 2009 

 2010 

 Columbia, MD 

 - 

 2,258 

 18,861 

 - 

 2,258 

 18,861 

 - 

 2012 

 2002 

 Columbus, OH 

 - 

 415 

 6,764 

 - 

 415 

 6,764 

 12 

 2012 

 1994 

 Coral Springs, FL 

 - 

 1,598 

 10,627 

 1,080 

 1,636 

 11,668 

 3,068 

 2006 

 1992 

 Dade City, FL 

 - 

 1,211 

 5,511 

 - 

 1,211 

 5,511 

 282 

 2011 

 1998 

 Dallas, TX 

 14,926 

 137 

 28,690 

 1,067 

 137 

 29,757 

 6,340 

 2006 

 1995 

 Dallas, TX 

 28,450 

 462 

 53,963 

 - 

 462 

 53,963 

 1,883 

 2012 

 2004 

 Dayton, OH 

 - 

 730 

 6,515 

 145 

 730 

 6,660 

 548 

 2011 

 1988 

 Deerfield Beach, FL 

 - 

 2,408 

 7,482 

 187 

 2,408 

 7,668 

 727 

 2011 

 2001 

 Delray Beach, FL 

 - 

 1,882 

 34,767 

 4,857 

 1,943 

 39,563 

 9,440 

 2006 

 1985 

 Denton, TX 

 11,994 

 - 

 19,407 

 628 

 - 

 20,035 

 3,560 

 2007 

 2005 

 Edina, MN 

 - 

 310 

 15,132 

 - 

 310 

 15,132 

 1,321 

 2010 

 2003 

 El Paso, TX 

 10,005 

 677 

 17,075 

 1,471 

 677 

 18,546 

 4,344 

 2006 

 1997 

 El Paso, TX 

 - 

 600 

 6,700 

 - 

 600 

 6,700 

 823 

 2008 

 2003 

 El Paso, TX 

 - 

 2,400 

 32,800 

 424 

 2,400 

 33,224 

 7,570 

 2008 

 2003 

 Everett, WA 

 - 

 4,842 

 26,010 

 - 

 4,842 

 26,010 

 1,828 

 2010 

 2011 

 Fayetteville, GA 

 3,202 

 959 

 7,540 

 721 

 986 

 8,234 

 1,873 

 2006 

 1999 

 Fort Wayne, IN 

 16,822 

 1,105 

 22,836 

 - 

 1,105 

 22,836 

 473 

 2012 

 2004 

 Fort Wayne, IN 

 - 

 170 

 8,232 

 - 

 170 

 8,232 

 1,204 

 2006 

 2006 

 Fort Worth, TX 

 - 

 450 

 13,615 

 - 

 450 

 13,615 

 748 

 2010 

 2011 

 Franklin, TN 

 - 

 2,338 

 12,138 

 1,468 

 2,338 

 13,606 

 2,740 

 2007 

 1988 

 Franklin, WI 

 5,383 

 6,872 

 7,550 

 - 

 6,872 

 7,550 

 820 

 2010 

 1984 

 Fresno, CA 

 - 

 2,500 

 35,800 

 118 

 2,500 

 35,918 

 4,109 

 2008 

 1991 

 Frisco, TX 

 8,881 

 - 

 18,635 

 246 

 - 

 18,881 

 3,859 

 2007 

 2004 

 Frisco, TX 

 - 

 - 

 15,309 

 1,566 

 - 

 16,875 

 3,692 

 2007 

 2004 

 Frisco, TX 

 - 

 130 

 16,445 

 - 

 130 

 16,445 

 319 

 2012 

 2010 

 Gallatin, TN 

 - 

 20 

 19,432 

 478 

 20 

 19,910 

 2,761 

 2010 

 1997 

 Germantown, TN 

 - 

 3,049 

 12,456 

 597 

 3,049 

 13,053 

 2,721 

 2006 

 2002 

 Glendale, CA 

 7,960 

 37 

 18,398 

 198 

 37 

 18,596 

 3,743 

 2007 

 2002 

 Grand Prairie, TX 

 - 

 981 

 6,086 

 - 

 981 

 6,086 

 277 

 2012 

 2009 

 Greeley, CO 

 - 

 877 

 6,706 

 125 

 877 

 6,831 

 1,700 

 2007 

 1997 

 Green Bay, WI 

 9,017 

 - 

 14,891 

 - 

 - 

 14,891 

 1,429 

 2010 

 2002 

 Green Bay, WI 

 - 

 - 

 20,098 

 - 

 - 

 20,098 

 1,892 

 2010 

 2002 

 Green Bay, WI 

 - 

 - 

 11,696 

 - 

 - 

 11,696 

 1,529 

 2010 

 2002 

 Greeneville, TN 

 - 

 970 

 10,032 

 8 

 970 

 10,040 

 957 

 2010 

 2005 

 Greenwood, IN 

 - 

 8,316 

 26,384 

 - 

 8,316 

 26,384 

 532 

 2012 

 2010 

 Harker Heights, TX 

 - 

 1,907 

 3,754 

 - 

 1,907 

 3,754 

 31 

 2011 

 2012 

 High Point, NC 

 - 

 2,595 

 29,013 

 - 

 2,595 

 29,013 

 260 

 2012 

 2010 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 10,395 

 - 

 2 

 10,388 

 9 

 - 

 2011 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 5,837 

 32,986 

 - 

 5,837 

 32,986 

 1,284 

 2012 

 2005 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 3,688 

 13,302 

 - 

 3,688 

 13,302 

 264 

 2012 

 2007 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 12,815 

 44,717 

 - 

 12,815 

 44,717 

 827 

 2012 

 1998 

 Houston, TX 

 14,000 

 378 

 31,020 

 - 

 378 

 31,020 

 1,310 

 2012 

 1981 

 Houston, TX 

 - 

 91 

 11,136 

 - 

 91 

 11,136 

 612 

 2012 

 1986 

 Hudson, OH 

 - 

 2,473 

 13,622 

 - 

 2,473 

 13,622 

 - 

 2012 

 2006 

 Jupiter, FL 

 6,972 

 2,252 

 11,415 

 129 

 2,252 

 11,544 

 2,537 

 2006 

 2001 

 Jupiter, FL 

 4,336 

 2,825 

 5,858 

 43 

 2,825 

 5,901 

 1,492 

 2007 

 2004 

 Katy, TX 

 - 

 1,099 

 1,604 

 - 

 1,099 

 1,604 

 57 

 2012 

 1986 

 Kenosha, WI 

 9,934 

 - 

 18,058 

 - 

 - 

 18,058 

 1,696 

 2010 

 1993 

 Killeen, TX 

 - 

 760 

 22,667 

 - 

 760 

 22,667 

 1,973 

 2010 

 2010 

 Lafayette, LA 

 - 

 1,928 

 10,483 

 25 

 1,928 

 10,509 

 2,438 

 2006 

 1993 

 Lake St Louis, MO 

 - 

 240 

 11,937 

 1,947 

 240 

 13,884 

 1,352 

 2010 

 2008 

 Lakeway, TX 

 - 

 2,801 

 - 

 - 

 2,801 

 - 

 - 

 2007 

 Lakewood, CA 

 - 

 146 

 14,885 

 1,146 

 146 

 16,031 

 3,110 

 2006 

 1993 

 Lakewood, WA 

 7,609 

 72 

 15,958 

 - 

 72 

 15,958 

 - 

 2012 

 2005 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 - 

 2,319 

 4,612 

 916 

 2,319 

 5,527 

 1,207 

 2006 

 1991 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 2,961 

 433 

 6,921 

 202 

 433 

 7,123 

 1,570 

 2007 

 1997 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 - 

 6,127 

 - 

 - 

 6,127 

 - 

 - 

 2007 

 Las Vegas, NV 

 - 

 580 

 23,420 

 - 

 580 

 23,420 

 836 

 2011 

 2002 

 Las Vegas , NV 

 5,803 

 74 

 15,287 

 419 

 74 

 15,706 

 3,637 

 2006 

 2000 

 Lenexa, KS 

 11,905 

 540 

 16,013 

 2,347 

 540 

 18,360 

 1,459 

 2010 

 2008 

 Lincoln, NE 

 - 

 1,420 

 29,692 

 9 

 1,420 

 29,701 

 3,671 

 2010 

 2003 

 Los Alamitos, CA 

 8,085 

 39 

 18,635 

 412 

 39 

 19,047 

 3,858 

 2007 

 2003 

 Los Gatos, CA 

 - 

 488 

 22,386 

 1,289 

 488 

 23,675 

 5,499 

 2006 

 1993 

 Loxahatchee, FL 

 - 

 1,637 

 5,048 

 842 

 1,652 

 5,875 

 1,269 

 2006 

 1997 

 Loxahatchee, FL 

 - 

 1,340 

 6,509 

 57 

 1,345 

 6,561 

 1,511 

 2006 

 1993 

 Loxahatchee, FL 

 2,600 

 1,553 

 4,694 

 584 

 1,567 

 5,264 

 1,129 

 2006 

 1994 

 Marinette, WI 

 7,548 

 - 

 13,538 

 - 

 - 

 13,538 

 1,529 

 2010 

 2002 

 Marlton, NJ 

 - 

 - 

 38,300 

 410 

 - 

 38,710 

 4,400 

 2008 

 1994 

 Mechanicsburg, PA 

 - 

 1,350 

 16,650 

 - 

 1,350 

 16,650 

 608 

 2011 

 1971 

 Merced, CA 

 - 

 - 

 13,772 

 927 

 - 

 14,699 

 1,525 

 2009 

 2010 

 Meridian, ID 

 - 

 3,600 

 20,802 

 251 

 3,600 

 21,053 

 5,365 

 2006 

 2008 

 Merriam, KS 

 - 

 176 

 7,189 

 220 

 176 

 7,409 

 1,290 

 2011 

 1972 

 Merriam, KS 

 - 

 81 

 3,122 

 430 

 81 

 3,553 

 259 

 2011 

 1980 

 Merriam, KS 

 - 

 336 

 12,972 

 - 

 336 

 12,972 

 1,658 

 2011 

 1977 

 Merriam, KS 

 15,356 

 182 

 7,393 

 93 

 182 

 7,486 

 978 

 2011 

 1985 

 Merrillville, IN 

 - 

 - 

 22,134 

 210 

 - 

 22,344 

 2,979 

 2008 

 2006 

 Merrillville, IN 

 - 

 700 

 11,699 

 154 

 700 

 11,853 

 1,484 

 2007 

 2008 

 Mesa, AZ 

 - 

 1,558 

 9,561 

 378 

 1,558 

 9,939 

 2,503 

 2008 

 1989 

 Mesquite, TX 

 - 

 496 

 3,834 

 - 

 496 

 3,834 

 18 

 2012 

 2012 

 Middletown, NY 

 - 

 1,756 

 20,364 

 1,188 

 1,756 

 21,552 

 6,070 

 2006 

 1998 

 Milwaukee, WI 

 4,429 

 540 

 8,457 

 - 

 540 

 8,457 

 859 

 2010 

 1930 

 Milwaukee, WI 

 9,762 

 1,425 

 11,519 

 - 

 1,425 

 11,520 

 1,526 

 2010 

 1962 

 Milwaukee, WI 

 2,442 

 922 

 2,185 

 - 

 922 

 2,185 

 362 

 2010 

 1958 

 Milwaukee, WI 

 22,383 

 - 

 44,535 

 - 

 - 

 44,535 

 4,091 

 2010 

 1983 

 Monticello, MN 

 9,522 

 61 

 18,489 

 - 

 61 

 18,489 

 - 

 2012 

 2008 

 Moorestown, NJ 

 - 

 - 

 52,645 

 - 

 - 

 52,645 

 176 

 2011 

 2012 

 Morrow, GA 

 - 

 818 

 8,064 

 223 

 843 

 8,261 

 2,025 

 2007 

 1990 

 Mount Juliet, TN 

 4,456 

 1,566 

 11,697 

 1,038 

 1,566 

 12,735 

 2,741 

 2007 

 2005 

 Mount Vernon, IL 

 - 

 - 

 25,163 

 - 

 - 

 25,163 

 52 

 2011 

 2012 

 Murrieta, CA 

 - 

 - 

 46,520 

 484 

 - 

 47,004 

 4,058 

 2010 

 2011 

 Murrieta, CA 

 - 

 8,800 

 202,412 

 - 

 8,800 

 202,412 

 8,393 

 2008 

 2010 

 Muskego, WI 

 1,174 

 964 

 2,158 

 - 

 964 

 2,159 

 203 

 2010 

 1993 

 Nashville, TN 

 - 

 4,300 

 - 

 7,172 

 11,472 

 - 

 - 

 2010 

 Nashville , TN 

 - 

 1,806 

 7,165 

 1,322 

 1,806 

 8,487 

 2,234 

 2006 

 1986 

 New Berlin, WI 

 4,527 

 3,739 

 8,290 

 - 

 3,739 

 8,290 

 845 

 2010 

 1993 

 Niagara Falls, NY 

 - 

 1,145 

 10,574 

 228 

 1,153 

 10,794 

 2,797 

 2007 

 1995 

 Niagara Falls, NY 

 - 

 388 

 7,870 

 47 

 396 

 7,909 

 1,517 

 2007 

 2004 

 Orange Village, OH 

 - 

 610 

 7,419 

 296 

 610 

 7,715 

 1,898 

 2007 

 1985 

 Oro Valley, AZ 

 10,011 

 89 

 18,339 

 564 

 89 

 18,902 

 3,770 

 2007 

 2004 

 Oshkosh, WI 

 - 

 - 

 18,339 

 - 

 - 

 18,339 

 1,709 

 2010 

 2000 

 Oshkosh, WI 

 9,338 

 - 

 15,881 

 - 

 - 

 15,881 

 1,464 

 2010 

 2000 

 Palm Springs, FL 

 2,666 

 739 

 4,066 

 72 

 739 

 4,137 

 1,047 

 2006 

 1993 

 Palm Springs, FL 

 - 

 1,182 

 7,765 

 196 

 1,182 

 7,961 

 1,951 

 2006 

 1997 

 Palm Springs , CA 

 - 

 365 

 12,396 

 1,366 

 365 

 13,762 

 2,988 

 2006 

 1998 

 Palmer, AK 

 19,237 

 217 

 29,705 

 745 

 217 

 30,450 

 5,671 

 2007 

 2006 

 Pearland, TX 

 - 

 781 

 5,517 

 132 

 781 

 5,648 

 1,322 

 2006 

 2000 

 Pearland, TX 

 1,005 

 948 

 4,556 

 115 

 948 

 4,671 

 1,084 

 2006 

 2002 

 Pewaukee, WI 

 - 

 4,700 

 20,669 

 - 

 4,700 

 20,669 

 3,825 

 2007 

 2007 

 Phoenix, AZ 

 27,902 

 1,149 

 48,018 

 10,952 

 1,149 

 58,971 

 11,468 

 2006 

 1998 

 Pineville, NC 

 - 

 961 

 6,974 

 2,107 

 1,077 

 8,965 

 1,928 

 2006 

 1988 

 Plano, TX 

 - 

 5,423 

 20,752 

 56 

 5,423 

 20,807 

 5,855 

 2008 

 2007 

 Plano, TX 

 54,620 

 793 

 82,722 

 - 

 793 

 82,722 

 3,573 

 2012 

 2005 

 Plantation, FL 

 9,428 

 8,563 

 10,666 

 2,378 

 8,575 

 13,033 

 3,839 

 2006 

 1997 

 Plantation, FL 

 8,765 

 8,848 

 9,262 

 249 

 8,896 

 9,462 

 4,775 

 2006 

 1996 

 Plymouth, WI 

 1,370 

 1,250 

 1,870 

 - 

 1,250 

 1,870 

 214 

 2010 

 1991 

 Portland, ME 

 15,697 

 655 

 25,500 

 412 

 655 

 25,912 

 1,395 

 2011 

 2008 

 Raleigh, NC 

 - 

 1,486 

 11,200 

 1,762 

 1,486 

 12,962 

 1,064 

 2011 

 2007 

 Redmond, WA 

 - 

 5,015 

 26,697 

 - 

 5,015 

 26,697 

 2,049 

 2010 

 2011 

 Reno, NV 

 - 

 1,117 

 21,972 

 676 

 1,117 

 22,648 

 4,960 

 2006 

 1991 

 Richmond, VA 

 - 

 2,838 

 26,305 

 - 

 2,838 

 26,305 

 - 

 2012 

 2008 

 Rockwall, TX 

 - 

 132 

 17,056 

 - 

 132 

 17,056 

 735 

 2012 

 2008 

 Rogers, AR 

 - 

 1,062 

 28,680 

 - 

 1,062 

 28,680 

 1,504 

 2011 

 2008 

 Rolla, MO 

 - 

 1,931 

 47,640 

 - 

 1,931 

 47,639 

 1,984 

 2011 

 2009 

 Roswell, NM 

 1,806 

 183 

 5,851 

 - 

 183 

 5,851 

 301 

 2011 

 2004 

 Roswell, NM 

 5,078 

 883 

 15,984 

 - 

 883 

 15,984 

 680 

 2011 

 2006 

 Roswell, NM 

 - 

 762 

 17,171 

 - 

 762 

 17,171 

 583 

 2011 

 2009 

 Ruston, LA 

 - 

 710 

 9,790 

 - 

 710 

 9,790 

 388 

 2011 

 1988 

 Sacramento, CA 

 - 

 866 

 12,756 

 913 

 866 

 13,668 

 2,764 

 2006 

 1990 

 San Antonio, TX 

 - 

 2,050 

 16,251 

 2,307 

 2,050 

 18,559 

 5,471 

 2006 

 1999 

 San Antonio, TX 

 18,400 

 4,518 

 29,905 

 - 

 4,518 

 29,905 

 1,754 

 2012 

 1986 

 San Antonio, TX 

 - 

 - 

 17,303 

 - 

 - 

 17,303 

 3,735 

 2007 

 2007 

 San Bernardino, CA 

 - 

 3,700 

 14,300 

 687 

 3,700 

 14,987 

 1,617 

 2008 

 1993 

 San Diego, CA 

 - 

 - 

 22,003 

 1,845 

 - 

 23,848 

 2,491 

 2008 

 1992 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 3,360 

 19,140 

 - 

 3,360 

 19,140 

 670 

 2011 

 2006 

 Sarasota, FL 

 - 

 62 

 46,348 

 - 

 62 

 46,348 

 81 

 2012 

 1990 

 Seattle, WA 

 - 

 4,410 

 35,787 

 2,055 

 4,410 

 37,843 

 3,140 

 2010 

 2010 

 Sewell, NJ 

 - 

 - 

 53,360 

 4,355 

 - 

 57,715 

 8,221 

 2007 

 2009 

 Shakopee, MN 

 6,932 

 420 

 11,360 

 8 

 420 

 11,368 

 1,112 

 2010 

 1996 

 Shakopee, MN 

 11,743 

 640 

 18,089 

 - 

 640 

 18,089 

 1,252 

 2010 

 2007 

 Sheboygan, WI 

 1,892 

 1,012 

 2,216 

 - 

 1,012 

 2,216 

 256 

 2010 

 1958 

 Somerville, NJ 

 - 

 3,400 

 22,244 

 2 

 3,400 

 22,246 

 2,457 

 2008 

 2007 

 Southlake, TX 

 11,680 

 592 

 17,905 

 - 

 592 

 17,905 

 752 

 2012 

 2004 

 Southlake, TX 

 18,518 

 698 

 30,524 

 - 

 698 

 30,524 

 998 

 2012 

 2004 

 St. Louis, MO 

 7,281 

 336 

 17,247 

 939 

 336 

 18,186 

 3,851 

 2007 

 2001 

 St. Paul, MN 

 26,105 

 2,681 

 39,507 

 - 

 2,681 

 39,507 

 2,594 

 2011 

 2007 

 Stafford, VA 

 - 

 - 

 11,260 

 313 

 - 

 11,573 

 1,323 

 2008 

 2009 

 Suffern, NY 

 - 

 622 

 35,220 

 1,985 

 622 

 37,204 

 1,558 

 2011 

 2007 

 Suffolk, VA 

 - 

 1,530 

 10,979 

 540 

 1,538 

 11,511 

 1,748 

 2010 

 2007 

 Sugar Land, TX 

 8,905 

 3,513 

 15,527 

 - 

 3,513 

 15,527 

 - 

 2012 

 2005 

 Summit, WI 

 - 

 2,899 

 87,666 

 - 

 2,899 

 87,666 

 11,954 

 2008 

 2009 

 Tallahassee, FL 

 - 

 - 

 14,719 

 2,730 

 - 

 17,449 

 1,295 

 2010 

 2011 

 Tampa, FL 

 - 

 1,210 

 19,572 

 - 

 1,210 

 19,572 

 700 

 2012 

 2006 

 Tampa, FL 

 - 

 2,208 

 6,464 

 - 

 2,208 

 6,464 

 321 

 2012 

 1985 

 Tampa, FL 

 - 

 4,319 

 12,234 

 - 

 4,319 

 12,234 

 536 

 2011 

 2003 

 Temple, TX 

 - 

 2,900 

 9,851 

 - 

 2,900 

 9,851 

 121 

 2011 

 2012 

 Tomball, TX 

 - 

 1,404 

 5,071 

 880 

 1,404 

 5,951 

 1,721 

 2006 

 1982 

 Tucson, AZ 

 - 

 1,302 

 4,925 

 662 

 1,302 

 5,587 

 1,377 

 2008 

 1995 

 Tulsa, OK 

 - 

 3,003 

 6,025 

 20 

 3,003 

 6,045 

 1,955 

 2006 

 1992 

 Van Nuys, CA 

 - 

 - 

 36,187 

 - 

 - 

 36,187 

 3,281 

 2009 

 1991 

 Virginia Beach, VA 

 - 

 827 

 18,289 

 237 

 895 

 18,458 

 1,647 

 2011 

 2007 

 Voorhees, NJ 

 - 

 6,404 

 24,251 

 1,313 

 6,422 

 25,546 

 4,899 

 2006 

 1997 

 Voorhees, NJ 

 - 

 - 

 96,006 

 - 

 - 

 96,006 

 2,689 

 2010 

 2012 

 Webster, TX 

 - 

 360 

 5,940 

 8,178 

 2,418 

 12,060 

 3,056 

 2006 

 1991 

 Wellington, FL 

 6,768 

 107 

 16,933 

 381 

 107 

 17,314 

 3,181 

 2006 

 2000 

 Wellington , FL 

 6,071 

 388 

 13,697 

 144 

 388 

 13,841 

 2,668 

 2007 

 2003 

 West Allis, WI 

 3,475 

 1,106 

 3,309 

 - 

 1,106 

 3,309 

 456 

 2010 

 1961 

 West Palm Beach, FL 

 6,602 

 628 

 14,740 

 121 

 628 

 14,861 

 3,332 

 2006 

 1993 

 West Palm Beach, FL 

 6,092 

 610 

 14,618 

 116 

 610 

 14,734 

 3,908 

 2006 

 1991 

 West Seneca, NY 

 12,051 

 917 

 22,435 

 1,759 

 1,628 

 23,482 

 4,871 

 2007 

 1990 

 Westerville, OH 

 - 

 2,122 

 5,403 

 - 

 2,122 

 5,403 

 14 

 2012 

 2001 

 Zephyrhills, FL 

 - 

 3,875 

 23,907 

 3,331 

 3,875 

 27,237 

 1,273 

 2011 

 1974 

 Medical facilities total: 

 $ 

 713,720 

 $ 

 333,112 

 $ 

 4,027,512 

 $ 

 127,413 

 $ 

 345,938 

 $ 

 4,142,095 

 $ 

 456,935 

 112 

 Health
 Care REIT, Inc. 

 Schedule
 III 

 Real
 Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

 December
 31, 2012 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Initial
 Cost to Company 

 Gross
 Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

 Description 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Buildings
 & Improvements 

 Cost
 Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings
 & Improvements 

 Accumulated
 Depreciation 

 Year
 Acquired 

 Year
 Built 

 Assets held for sale: 

 Brighton, MA 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 240 

 $ 

 3,859 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 2,449 

 $ 

 - 

 2005 

 1982 

 Durham, NC 

 - 

 5,350 

 9,320 

 - 

 - 

 2,539 

 - 

 2006 

 1980 

 Fairhaven, MA 

 - 

 770 

 6,230 

 - 

 - 

 5,552 

 - 

 2004 

 1999 

 Hamden, CT 

 - 

 1,470 

 4,530 

 - 

 - 

 4,370 

 - 

 2002 

 1998 

 Hopedale, MA 

 - 

 130 

 8,170 

 - 

 - 

 6,581 

 - 

 2005 

 1999 

 Lakeway, TX 

 - 

 5,484 

 24,886 

 - 

 - 

 23,716 

 - 

 2007 

 2011 

 Malabar, FL 

 - 

 5,000 

 12,000 

 - 

 - 

 16,425 

 - 

 2010 

 2008 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 7,000 

 69,000 

 - 

 - 

 72,694 

 - 

 2010 

 2009 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 1,400 

 24,400 

 - 

 - 

 24,631 

 - 

 2010 

 2003 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 600 

 9,400 

 - 

 - 

 9,550 

 - 

 2010 

 1986 

 Melbourne, FL 

 - 

 367 

 458 

 - 

 - 

 793 

 - 

 2011 

 1979 

 Midwest City, OK 

 - 

 470 

 5,673 

 - 

 - 

 2,625 

 - 

 1998 

 1958 

 New Haven, CT 

 - 

 160 

 4,778 

 - 

 - 

 2,520 

 - 

 2006 

 1958 

 Newburyport, MA 

 - 

 960 

 8,290 

 - 

 - 

 6,784 

 - 

 2002 

 1999 

 Norwalk, CT 

 - 

 410 

 2,640 

 - 

 - 

 1,764 

 - 

 2004 

 1971 

 Oklahoma City, OK 

 - 

 510 

 10,694 

 - 

 - 

 9,079 

 - 

 1998 

 1979 

 Prospect, CT 

 - 

 820 

 1,441 

 - 

 - 

 1,022 

 - 

 2004 

 1970 

 Quincy, MA 

 - 

 2,690 

 15,410 

 - 

 - 

 14,852 

 - 

 2004 

 1999 

 Rocky Hill, CT 

 - 

 1,460 

 7,040 

 - 

 - 

 6,205 

 - 

 2002 

 1998 

 Torrington, CT 

 - 

 360 

 1,261 

 - 

 - 

 1,091 

 - 

 2004 

 1966 

 Viera, FL 

 - 

 1,600 

 10,600 

 - 

 - 

 11,692 

 - 

 2010 

 1998 

 Waterbury, CT 

 - 

 370 

 2,166 

 - 

 - 

 518 

 - 

 2006 

 1972 

 Waterford, CT 

 - 

 1,360 

 12,540 

 - 

 - 

 10,141 

 - 

 2002 

 2000 

 West Hartford, CT 

 - 

 2,650 

 5,980 

 - 

 - 

 7,144 

 - 

 2004 

 1905 

 West Haven, CT 

 - 

 580 

 1,620 

 - 

 - 

 476 

 - 

 2004 

 1971 

 Assets held for sale total 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 42,211 

 $ 

 262,386 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 245,213 

 - 

 (1) Please see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
 for information regarding lives used for depreciation and amortization. 

 (2) Represents real property asset associated with a capital
 lease. 

 113 

 Initial
 Cost to Company 

 Gross
 Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

 Segment 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Buildings
 & Improvements 

 Cost
 Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Buildings
 & Improvements 

 Accumulated
 Depreciation 

 Seniors housing triple-net 

 $ 

 218,741 

 $ 

 623,120 

 $ 

 7,462,660 

 $ 

 341,850 

 $ 

 625,388 

 $ 

 7,802,238 

 $ 

 707,213 

 Seniors housing operating 

 1,369,526 

 388,015 

 4,239,499 

 131,030 

 394,065 

 4,364,478 

 390,907 

 Medical facilities 

 713,720 

 333,112 

 4,027,512 

 127,413 

 345,938 

 4,142,095 

 456,935 

 Construction in progress 

 - 

 - 

 162,984 

 - 

 - 

 162,984 

 - 

 Total continuing operating properties 

 2,301,987 

 1,344,247 

 15,892,655 

 600,293 

 1,365,391 

 16,471,795 

 1,555,055 

 Assets held for sale 

 - 

 42,210 

 262,386 

 - 

 - 

 245,213 

 - 

 Total investments in real property owned 

 $ 

 2,301,987 

 $ 

 1,386,457 

 $ 

 16,155,041 

 $ 

 600,293 

 $ 

 1,365,391 

 $ 

 16,717,008 

 $ 

 1,555,055 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Reconciliation of real property: 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Investment in real estate: 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 

 14,844,319 

 $ 

 8,992,495 

 $ 

 6,336,291 

 Additions: 

 Acquisitions 

 2,923,251 

 4,525,737 

 1,707,421 

 Improvements 

 449,964 

 426,000 

 398,510 

 Conversions from loans receivable 

 - 

 - 

 10,070 

 Assumed other items, net 

 108,404 

 210,411 

 208,314 

 Assumed debt 

 481,598 

 961,928 

 559,508 

 Foreign currency translation 

 6,082 

 - 

 - 

 Total additions 

 3,969,299 

 6,124,076 

 2,883,823 

 Deductions: 

 Cost of real estate sold 

 (581,696) 

 (250,047) 

 (216,300) 

 Reclassification of accumulated depreciation and amortization
 for assets held for sale 

 (120,236) 

 (10,011) 

 (10,372) 

 Impairment of assets 

 (29,287) 

 (12,194) 

 (947) 

 Total deductions 

 (731,219) 

 (272,252) 

 (227,619) 

 Balance at end of year (3) 

 $ 

 18,082,399 

 $ 

 14,844,319 

 $ 

 8,992,495 

 Accumulated depreciation: 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 

 1,194,476 

 $ 

 836,966 

 $ 

 677,851 

 Additions: 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses 

 533,585 

 423,605 

 202,543 

 Amortization of above market leases 

 7,204 

 6,409 

 2,524 

 Total additions 

 540,789 

 430,014 

 205,067 

 Deductions: 

 Sale of properties 

 (59,974) 

 (63,997) 

 (31,919) 

 Reclassification of accumulated depreciation and amortization
 for assets held for sale 

 (120,236) 

 (8,507) 

 (14,033) 

 Total deductions 

 (180,210) 

 (72,504) 

 (45,952) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 

 1,555,055 

 $ 

 1,194,476 

 $ 

 836,966 

 (3) The aggregate cost for
 tax purposes for real property equals $14,788,080,000, $13,604,448,000 and
 $8,802,656,000 at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

 114 

 Health
 Care REIT, Inc. 

 Schedule
 IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 

 December
 31, 2012 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Description 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Final
 Maturity Date 

 Monthly
 Payment Terms 

 Prior
 Liens 

 Face
 Amount of Mortgages 

 Carrying
 Amount of Mortgages 

 Principal
 Amount of Loans Subject to Delinquent Principal or Interest 

 First mortgage relating to one medical office building in Texas 

 6.18% 

 12/31/17 

 $114,643 

 $ 

 - 

 $ 

 22,244 

 $ 

 22,244 

 $ 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one hospital in California 

 8.72% 

 12/01/17 

 $127,158 

 - 

 17,500 

 17,500 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one medical office building in Texas 

 6.18% 

 12/31/17 

 $82,941 

 - 

 16,093 

 16,093 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one hospital in California 

 10.14% 

 06/01/20 

 $160,435 

 - 

 21,050 

 15,187 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one medical office building in
 Georgia 

 6.50% 

 10/01/14 

 $38,556 

 - 

 6,100 

 6,014 

 - 

 Second mortgage relating to one senior housing facility in New
 Hampshire 

 8.11% 

 10/01/16 

 $21,056 

 17,670 

 3,235 

 3,056 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one senior housing facility in
 Arizona 

 3.55% 

 01/01/14 

 $12,275 

 - 

 4,500 

 2,650 

 2,650 

 First mortgage relating to one senior housing facility in Texas 

 10.25% 

 03/01/13 

 $56,307 

 - 

 2,635 

 2,498 

 - 

 Second mortgage relating to one hospital in California 

 9.83% 

 10/31/13 

 $138,308 

 15,187 

 13,000 

 1,323 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one hospital in California 

 10.13% 

 01/14/14 

 $131,481 

 - 

 8,045 

 1,215 

 - 

 First mortgage relating to one medical office building in
 Georgia 

 8.11% 

 10/01/14 

 $1,206 

 - 

 800 

 175 

 - 

 Totals 

 $ 

 32,857 

 $ 

 115,202 

 $ 

 87,955 

 $ 

 2,650 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 Reconciliation of mortgage loans: 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 

 63,934 

 $ 

 109,283 

 $ 

 74,517 

 Additions: 

 New mortgage loans 

 40,641 

 11,286 

 73,439 

 Total additions 

 40,641 

 11,286 

 73,439 

 Deductions: 

 Collections of principal 

 (11,819) 

 (50,579) 

 (10,540) 

 Conversions to real property 

 (3,300) 

 (4,000) 

 (10,070) 

 Charge-offs 

 (1,501) 

 - 

 (18,063) 

 Reclass to other real estate loans 

 - 

 (2,056) 

 - 

 Total deductions 

 (16,620) 

 (56,635) 

 (38,673) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 

 87,955 

 $ 

 63,934 

 $ 

 109,283 

 115 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 1.1(a) Form of Equity
Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2010, entered into by and
between the Company and each of UBS Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc.,
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 15,
2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 1.1(b) Form of Amendment No. 1,
dated September 1, 2011, to the Equity Distribution Agreements entered into by
and between the Company and each of UBS Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc., KeyBanc
Capital Markets Inc. and Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 8, 2011
(File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 2.1 Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of August 21, 2012, by and among Sunrise Senior Living, Inc.,
Brewer Holdco, Inc., Brewer Holdco Sub, Inc., the Company and Red Fox, Inc.
(the exhibits and schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K) (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed August 22, 2012 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(a) Second Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 20, 2000 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(b) Certificate of
Designation, Preferences and Rights of Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series
A, of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s
Form 10-K filed March 20, 2000 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment
of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 20, 2000 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(d) Certificate of Amendment
of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed June 13, 2003 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(e) Certificate of
Designation of 7 7/8% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of the
Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 2.5 to the Company’s Form 8-A/A
filed July 8, 2003 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto). 

 3.1(f) Certificate of
Designation of 7 5/8% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of the
Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 2.5 to the Company’s Form 8-A
filed September 10, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 3.1(g) Certificate of Amendment
of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 3.9 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2007 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(h) Certificate of Change of
Location of Registered Office and of Registered Agent of the Company (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 6,
2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(i) Certificate of
Designation of 6% Series H Cumulative Convertible and Redeemable Preferred
Stock of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s
Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 116 

 3.1(j) Certificate
of Designation of 6.50% Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred
Stock of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed March 7, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 3.1(k) Certificate of Amendment
of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2011 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.1(l) Certificate of Designation
of 6.50% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 8,
2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 3.2 Fourth Amended and
Restated By-Laws of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to
the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 1, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(a) Indenture for Senior Debt
Securities, dated as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and Fifth Third
Bank (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed
September 9, 2002 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto). 

 4.1(b) Supplemental Indenture No.
1, dated as of September 6, 2002, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities,
dated as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and Fifth Third Bank (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 9,
2002 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(c) Amendment No. 1, dated
March 12, 2003, to Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of September 6, 2002,
to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated as of September 6, 2002, between
the Company and Fifth Third Bank (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to
the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 14, 2003 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(d) Supplemental Indenture No.
2, dated as of September 10, 2003, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities,
dated as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and Fifth Third Bank (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September
24, 2003 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(e) Amendment No. 1, dated
September 16, 2003, to Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of September 10,
2003, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated as of September 6, 2002,
between the Company and Fifth Third Bank (filed with the Commission as Exhibit
4.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 24, 2003 (File No. 001-08923),
and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(f) Supplemental Indenture
No. 3, dated as of October 29, 2003, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities,
dated as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and Fifth Third Bank (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed October 30,
2003 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.1(g) Amendment No. 1, dated September
13, 2004, to Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of October 29, 2003, to
Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated as of September 6, 2002, between
the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Fifth
Third Bank (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K
filed September 13, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 4.1(h) Supplemental Indenture No.
4, dated as of April 27, 2005, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated
as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust
Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form
8-K filed April 28, 2005 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 4.1(i) Supplemental Indenture
No. 5, dated as of November 30, 2005, to Indenture for Senior Debt Securities,
dated as of September 6, 2002, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed November 30, 2005 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein
by reference thereto). 

 117 

 4.2(a) Indenture,
dated as of November 20, 2006, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed November 20, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein
by reference thereto). 

 4.2(b) Supplemental Indenture No.
1, dated as of November 20, 2006, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed November 20, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein
by reference thereto). 

 4.2(c) Supplemental Indenture
No. 2, dated as of July 20, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed July 20, 2007 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 4.3(a) Indenture, dated as of
March 15, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form
8-K filed March 15, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto). 

 4.3(b) Supplemental Indenture No.
1, dated as of March 15, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed March 15, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(c) Amendment No. 1 to
Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of June 18, 2010, between the
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed June 18,
2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(d) Supplemental Indenture No.
2, dated as of April 7, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed April 7, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(e) Amendment No. 1 to
Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of June 8, 2010, between the
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed
June 8, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto). 

 4.3(f) Supplemental Indenture
No. 3, dated as of September 10, 2010, between the Company and The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 13, 2010
(File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(g) Supplemental Indenture
No. 4, dated as of November 16, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2
to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 16, 2010 (File No. 001-08923),
and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(h) Supplemental Indenture
No. 5, dated as of March 14, 2011, between the Company and The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 14, 2011 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(i) Supplemental Indenture
No. 6, dated as of April 3, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed April 4, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto). 

 4.3(j) Supplemental Indenture
No. 7, dated as of December 6, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to
the Company’s Form 8-K filed December 11, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 4.4 Form of Indenture for
Senior Subordinated Debt Securities (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.9
to the Company’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-73936) filed November 21, 2001, and
incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 118 

 4.5 Form
of Indenture for Junior Subordinated Debt Securities (filed with the Commission
as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-73936) filed November
21, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 10.1 Fifth Amended and
Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2011, by and among the Company,
the banks signatory thereto, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint
book managers, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., as a joint lead arranger, Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc., as a joint lead arranger and documentation agent, KeyBank
National Association, as administrative agent, and Bank of America, N.A. and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents (filed with the Commission
as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed August 2, 2011 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 10.2 Credit Agreement dated as
of January 7, 2013, by and among the Company, the lenders listed therein,
KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, LC issuer and a
swingline lender, Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
co-syndication agents, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as documentation agent,
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as joint
lead arrangers, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as joint book managers (filed with the Commission
as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 11, 2013 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 10.3 Term Loan Agreement, dated
as of May 24, 2012, by and among the Company, the banks signatory thereto,
KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents,
Citibank, N.A., Compass Bank, Fifth Third Bank, PNC Bank, National Association,
The Bank of New York Mellon and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
co-documentation agents, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated and RBC Capital Markets, as joint lead
arrangers and joint bookrunners (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to
the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 30, 2012 (File No. No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto). 

 10.4 Equity Purchase
Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2011, by and among the Company, FC-GEN
Investment, LLC and FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed
February 28, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto). 

 10.5(a) The 1995 Stock Incentive
Plan of Health Care REIT, Inc. (filed with the Commission as Appendix II to the
Company’s Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed
September 29, 1995 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 10.5(b) First Amendment to the 1995
Stock Incentive Plan of Health Care REIT, Inc. (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form S-8 (File No. 333-40771) filed November 21,
1997, and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.5(c) Second Amendment to the
1995 Stock Incentive Plan of Health Care REIT, Inc. (filed with the Commission
as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form S-8 (File No. 333-73916) filed November
21, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.5(d) Third Amendment to the 1995
Stock Incentive Plan of Health Care REIT, Inc. (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 12, 2004 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.5(e) Form of Stock Option
Agreement for Executive Officers under the 1995 Stock Incentive Plan (filed
with the Commission as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 16,
2005 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.6(a) Stock Plan for Non-Employee
Directors of Health Care REIT, Inc. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1
to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.6(b) First Amendment to the
Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Health Care REIT, Inc. effective April
21, 1998 (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q
filed May 10, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 119 

 10.6(c) Form
of Stock Option Agreement under the Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors
(filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q/A filed
October 27, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(a) Amended and Restated Health
Care REIT, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as
Appendix A to the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, filed March 25, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(b) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for the Chief Executive Officer
under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit
10.18 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(c) Form of Amendment to Stock
Option Agreements (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for the Chief Executive
Officer under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(d) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for the Chief Executive Officer
under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit
10.8 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(e) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the
2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.19 to
the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(f) Form of Amendment to Stock
Option Agreements (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers
under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit
10.7 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(g) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the
2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.9 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(h) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (without Dividend Equivalent Rights) for the Chief Executive Officer
under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit
10.20 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(i) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (without Dividend Equivalent Rights) for the Chief Executive Officer
under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File
No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(j) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (without Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the
2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.21 to
the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and
incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(k) Form of Stock Option
Agreement (without Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the
Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission
as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No.
001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(l) Form of Restricted Stock
Agreement for the Chief Executive Officer under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive
Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed
March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 120 

 10.7(m) Form
of Restricted Stock Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2005 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s
Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.7(n) Form of Restricted Stock
Agreement for the Chief Executive Officer under the Amended and Restated 2005
Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the
Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(o) Form of Restricted Stock
Agreement for Executive Officers under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form
10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.7(p) Form of Deferred Stock Unit
Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive
Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Form 10-K
filed March 10, 2006 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 10.7(q) Form of Amendment to
Deferred Stock Unit Grant Agreements for Non-Employee Directors under the 2005
Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.10 to the
Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.7(r) Form of Deferred Stock
Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2005 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.7(s) Form of Deferred Stock
Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Amended and Restated
2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.5 to the
Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.8(a) Fifth Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement, dated December 2, 2010, by and between the Company and
George L. Chapman (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Form 8-K filed December 8, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein
by reference thereto).* 

 10.8(b) Letter Agreement, dated
February 4, 2013, by and between the Company and George L. Chapman.* 

 10.9 Second Amended and
Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and
Scott A. Estes (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form
8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.10 Second Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and Charles
J. Herman, Jr. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form
8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.11 Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and Jeffrey
H. Miller (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Form 10-K
filed March 2, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 10.12(a) Employment Agreement, dated
January 19, 2009, between the Company and John T. Thomas (filed with the
Commission as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 2, 2009
(File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.12(b) Separation Agreement and
General Release, dated July 25, 2012, between the Company and John T. Thomas
(filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed
August 6, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto).* 

 121 

 10.13 Third
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the
Company and Erin C. Ibele (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.11 to the
Company’s Form 10-K filed March 2, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated
herein by reference thereto).* 

 10.14 Second Amended and
Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and
Daniel R. Loftus (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s
Form 10-K filed March 2, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.15 Amended and Restated
Consulting Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and
Frederick L. Farrar (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s
Form 10-K filed March 2, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.16 Amended and Restated
Health Care REIT, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated December
29, 2008 (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Form 8-K
filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.17 Form of Indemnification
Agreement between the Company and each director, executive officer and officer
of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form
8-K filed February 18, 2005 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 10.18 Summary of Director
Compensation (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form
10-Q filed November 7, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by
reference thereto).* 

 12 Statement Regarding
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio of Earnings to
Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends (Unaudited). 

 14 Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 14 to the Company’s Form 10-K
filed March 12, 2004 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference
thereto). 

 21 
Subsidiaries of the Company. 

 23 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting
firm. 

 24.1 
Power of Attorney executed by William C. Ballard, Jr. (Director). 

 24.2 
Power of Attorney executed by Judith C. Pelham (Director). 

 24.3 
Power of Attorney executed by R. Scott Trumbull (Director). 

 24.4 
Power of Attorney executed by Thomas J. DeRosa (Director). 

 24.5 
Power of Attorney executed by Jeffrey H. Donahue (Director). 

 24.6 
Power of Attorney executed by Peter J. Grua (Director). 

 24.7 
Power of Attorney executed by Fred S. Klipsch (Director). 

 24.8 
Power of Attorney executed by Sharon M. Oster (Director). 

 24.9 
Power of Attorney executed by Jeffrey R. Otten (Director). 

 24.10 Power of Attorney executed
by George L. Chapman (Director, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
and President and Principal Executive Officer). 

 24.11 Power of Attorney executed
by Scott A. Estes (Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and
Principal Financial Officer). 

 122 

 24.12 Power
of Attorney executed by Paul D. Nungester, Jr. (Senior Vice President and
Controller and Principal Accounting Officer). 

 31.1 
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

 31.2 
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

 32.1 
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Executive Officer. 

 32.2 
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Financial Officer. 

 101.INS XBRL Instance
Document** 

 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Schema Document** 

 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Calculation Linkbase Document** 

 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Label Linkbase Document** 

 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Presentation Linkbase Document** 

 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Definition Linkbase Document** 

 * 

 Management
 Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement. 

 ** 

 Attached
 as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following
 materials, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language):
 (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2012 and 2011,
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years
 ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, (iii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010,
 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, (v) the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, (vi) Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated
 Depreciation and (vii) Schedule IV – Mortgage Loans on Real Estate. 

 123